---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "rayc" Hawley
title: ! 'No Balance'
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-09-15
description: ! 'No Shelter type deck that wins through Force Choke and Raw aggression.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations(5)
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Rendezvous Point
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Tatooine Obi-Wan's Hut (start)
Tatooine Tosche Station

Characters (14)
Ben Kenobi
Captain Han Solo
Chewbacca
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Kal'Falnl C'ndros
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Luke With Lightsaber x3
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber x2
Orrimaarko
Wedge Antilles
Oola

Starships (4)
Millennium Falcon x2
Spiral
Tantive IV

Interrupts (26)
Alter x3
Careful Planning
Clash Of Sabers
Courage Of A Skywalker x2
Don't Forget The Droids x2
Gift Of The Mentor
Glancing Blow
Jedi Presence
Nabrun Leids x2
Sense x5
Shocking Information x2
Sorry About The Mess x2
The Force Is Strong With This One
The Signal x2

Effects (11)
Beggar
Draw Their Fire
Frozen Assets
Goo Nee Tay
Lightsaber Proficiency
Bacta Tank
Revolution x3
Traffic Control
Civil Disorder
'

Strategy: '

Basically the same as my Light Fight deck that was criticized for weakness against Big Blue. I bought back 2 card slots by replacing the 2 Premier Obis with EPP Obis and getting rid of the 2 Obis Sabers. I dumped the Gift of the Mentor because the Lightsaber fetch function is no longer usable and very often I like to use ben and Luke as parts of separate strike teams.
 This deck is supposed to fight and force choke. Go for the beatdown. You must be careful not to get your mains stuck on and indoor location only to have your opponent play Imperial Arrest Order. Use Oola and Civil Disorder to keep your opponent deploying things piecemeal. I have only tried this deck against a big Blue type deck once. It did very well. The dark side could not muster enough force to fight effectively and stayed pretty much on the defensive the whole game.

Start Obi's hut. If your opponent starts Jabba's palace or the Audience chamber or both, use Careful Planning to get out Jabba's Palace.
Otherwise (except ISB), use Careful Planning to get out Tochi Station.
Get Obi or Luke to the station ASAP to gain the force activation. If they are playing Hunt Down wait until you have the anti dueling cards
in hand to deploy Ben or Luke.

I have cut back on the Revolutions because most good dark decks tend to imunize themselves by using non revolvable locations. Since most of these locations give the light side a some force as well, you should be activating plenty of force.
Use your opponent's locations against him/her. Revolve them, if this is to your advantage. Drain at his/her locations. Sense annoying interrupts and reacts. Alter Bad Feeling Have I and other effects.

Against Opperatives, go fight. Never let them flip.
Against ISB, use the signal to start Draw Their Fire and go for the beatdown with either Frozen Assets or Beggar.


'