---
layout: post
author: ! Ryan "XjedeyeX" Fojtik
title: ! "Yavin4 Occupation (imperial style)"
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-08-23
description: ! "Y4 occupation with battle order to outdrain and IAO to add to the forfeit.. vehicles reacting all over the place to help out on the ground, and plenty of DTF/FA protection plus some manipulation"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start (5)
Imperial Occupation/Imperial Control
Yavin 4
Forest
Twi Lek Advisor
Imperial Arrest Order

Locations (8)
 Swamp
 jungle
 farm
Y4 Docking Bay
Y4 Jungle
Death Star
Kiffex
Endor

Characters (16)
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x2
Darth Vader w/lightsaber
Grand Moff Tarkin
Zuckuss
EPP Boba Fett
Jabba the Hutt
Branguss Glee
DS612
DS613
DS614
OS7210
Officer Evax
Admiral Ozzel
Lieutenant Tanbris
Cheif Bast

Vehicles (5)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 5
Blizzard Scout 1

Starships (8)
Death Squadron Star Destroyer x2
Dreadnought heavy cruiser x2
Executor
Thunderflare
Devestator
Avenger


Interrupts (11)
Twi Lek Advisor x2
Ghhk x2
Main Course x2
Imperial Supply
Shocking Revelation
Rebel Base Occupation x2
Monnok

Effects (7)
Imperial Decree
Secret Plans
Come Here You Big Coward
Battle Order
Therell be hell to pay
Prescence of the Force
Do or Do Not
'

Strategy: '

This deck works pretty well, the idea is to convert the Nudj Producing site of the Nudj revo and occupy a lot of sites with reactability for spreading out while keeping the decree and the battle order going, and hitting with the occupation and the force drains on Y4.. If youre really worried about Nudj Action or operatives, throw in a Bubo instead of Cheif Bast for extra protection.. the main courses are in there to preserve the ability to react against draw their fire, and the ghhks and supply back it up.. not a lot of SAC protection, because the main stuff is all SAC proof anyway... Against hidden base, the idea is to deploy carefully and get off to a fast start, IAO will stop the beatdown and if you can hold the occupation long enough, the game wont even be a contest... this deck is stonger now due to the recession of X-wing swarm and the proliferation of security precautions both as an anit HB tactic and as anti revo/nudj tech.. the generation looks a little low to start, but you fish all the locations out after about the 2nd turn, and the systems are to put the activation enough to play an SD + pilot per turn in the late-game.. this deck isnt for the weak of heart, and requires some quick thinking sometimes, but in good hands comes out on top pretty often.. in environments heavy in hidden base id suggest adding a security precautions.. in environments with little manipulator protection, id suggest a myoo other than that, its flexible, it can fight, and it hits for a lot of damage, and works against a variety of strategies.. '