---
layout: post
author: Michael "rayc" Hawley
title: 'Power Converters'
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-09-29
description: 'This deck attempts to seize control of the game with EPPs, Revos and some counters.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations(5):
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Mos Eisley
Tatooine: Jabba's Palace
Tatooine: Obi-Wan's Hut
Tatooine: Tosche Station

Characters (16)
Ben Kenobi
Chewbacca
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol x2
Kal'Falnl C'ndros
Leia With Blaster Rifle x2
Luke With Lightsaber x3
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber x2
Harc Seff
Orrimaarko
Wedge Antilles
Oola

Starships (5)
Millennium Falcon
Spiral
Tantive IV
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Red Leader in Red 1

Interrupts (24)
Alter x3
Careful Planning
Clash Of Sabers  x2
Courage Of A Skywalker
Don't Forget The Droids x2
Glancing Blow  x2
Nabrun Leids x2
Sense x5
Shocking Information x2
Sorry About The Mess x2
The Signal x2

Effects (10)
Beggar
Draw Their Fire
Frozen Assets
Goo Nee Tay
Bacta Tank
Revolution x3
Traffic Control
Civil Disorder


Strategy: 

I am going to try using Icemans Real Article on How to review a deck in my comments. Please let me know what you think of my analysis and, especially if you think I am weak where I claim to be strong, please give me some details on how I am wrong and what I can do to improve. If possible, tell me what cards you would add and what cards you would remove. Thanks.

In all cases, start Obis Hut, Use Careful Planning to get Tochi Station most of the time. The only exception is if  your  opponent is starting Jabbas Palace. Then use Careful Planning to get Tatooine: Jabbas Palace.

A. How well will it do versus dominant deck types:
1. Ops
Use Revolutions to use their site gametext against them. With a good hand you may be able to stop them from ever filpping. Fight! Fight! Fight! Use Clash of Sabers, Draw Their Fire, Beggar/Frozen Assets to administer a major beatdown. Use Harc Seff to control some drains.

2. ISB
Same as Ops really.  Sorry About the Mess can hurt them if they are using 5D6 or undercovers.

3. Hunt Down with Dueling
Revolve the Meditation chamber. Cancel Vissage by controlling the Holotheater. Drain at the Holotheater until he gets Vader down. Then revolve that too, if you can. Use the Glancing Blows and/or the Courage of a Skywalker. Track your destinies. Oola can help too. He cant duel you if he has no Vaders  to deploy.

5. Hunt Down W/out Dueling
Same as with dueling except you dont have to worry about getting dueled.  Use Clash to stop Vader/Tarkin. If you find yourself at the same location as Evazan and anyone with a weapon during your control phase, use your first action to Nabrun Leids out of there or get him with a	Sorry about the Mess. If not, you may find your characters disarmed and immediately lost.

6. Drazin Manipulator
Give him Wedge. Get Obi or Luke down Fast. Play Shocking info and Sense. Get a strike team to Cloud City and kill Drazin whenever he makes an appearance.  Goo Nee Tay helps against Myoom Onith if she rears her ugly head.

7. Mains and Toys
Use the early force advantage to get a foothold. Drain and Fight. Use Oola and Civil Disorder to keep himher from a big character  deployment and beatdown.

8. Big Blue
You should be able to beat them down on the ground and hold them off in space. Use revolutions to use their sites against them. Sense their reacts. Multiple destiny draws will take out the walkers. Use Kal and the Bacta tank when you have multiple destiny draws. Use Kal alone with tracked destinies when you are not using multiple battle destiny draws. There is enough space in this deck that you may be able to administer a beatdown if they spread out. Remember Come Here You Big Coward only works if you dont occupy 2 battle grounds.

B. Does it have counters or can it handle popular themes:
1. Numbers
Two Dont Forget The Droids, Harc and Wedge have decent destiny. You can go to where they are and kill them

2. SAC
It has a pretty good SAC package  should do well against all but the most SAC-happy decks

3. Degenerate Decks
Some of these are addressed above. It can fight just about anything. Sense and Alter will handle things like Counter Assault.  Id be a little happier if I could fit some Grimtathes in. Theyd work well with Oola.

4. Can it win a drain race?
Not without interaction. It does have some battle grounds to drain at  but, if	your opponent doesnt come to you, you will need to go to him/her.  If  your opponent is playing Battle Order, s/he will likely provide a battleground system or 2. You will need to use it to thwart Battle order. You will have provided your own battle ground site (Toschi Station).

5. Does it need to battle on Multiple Planets to win the game? Can it hold its own on its home filed and the opponents.
Yes it can! Bring the battle to them or let them bring it to you.  It is possible to stay on Tatooine if you get your locations early enough  but dont plan on it.

6. Will it survive if the deck gets beaten down on one turn?
Well it depends on the size of the beatdown. Forfeits are pretty good and Kal is great in the Bacta Tank as is Wedge.

7. Does it generate enough force to deploy its stuff.
Yes. Between Toschi Station and Revos and whatever the Dark side gives you, you should outactivate your opponent. Once you get Obi Down (4 force at the Hut even with Bad Feeling Have I and one to move him to Toschi Station), you can alter Bad Feeling and if you cant because of Hunt Down, you can more than even the score with Goo Nee Tay.

C. Questions for popular Combos.
1. What does it do about  Vader and Tarkin or EPPs?
Clash of Saber, Glancing blow, Nabrun Leids
2. Can it stop the Yoxgit Landing Claw trick or Undercover Madness
Well, it doesnt have to worry about Yoxgit. Two Sorry about the Messes and two Nabrun Leids (to get to where they cant Follow) Maybe not enough but I dont see	too much of that from the Dark Side around here.
3. Can it stop a never Ending Loop?
Not too many dark side loops to worry about. Drazin is addressed above. SFS can be handles with Revo and alter. Revo Wakeelmui	take it over and alter SFS. Sense the Tallon Rolls.

Well, congratulations if you made it this far! Let me know what you think.

rayc
