---
layout: post
author: ! Ryan "XjedeyeX" Fojtik
title: ! "Split Manipulator"
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-08-19
description: ! "This deck plain and simple tries to outgenerate and disrupt the opponent while maintaining the ability to battle effectively everywhere.. the large number of recycling interrupts and characters give it a lot of flexibility and the ability to start differe"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start (3)
TatooineJabbas Palace
Combat Readiness
Jabbas PalaceAudience Chamber

Locations(7)
JPDungeon
JPEntrance Cavern
TatJundland Waste
TatLars' Moisture Farm
Kashyyk
Kiffex
Endor

Creatures (1)
Bubo

Characters (16)
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith
Darth Vader w/Lightsaber x2
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
EPP Boba Fett
Jabba The Hutt
Brangus Glee
Zuckuss
Myoom Onith x2
DS612
DS613
DS614
Gailid
Admiral Ozzel

Starships (6)
Death Squadron Star Destoryer x3
Executor
Devestator
Bossk in Hounds Tooth

Vehicles (3)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1
Blizzard 1

Effects (9)
Come Here You Big Coward
Imperial Decree
Secret Plans
Battle Order
Prescence of the Force
Therell Be Hell to Pay x2
Expand the Empire
Surprise

Interrupts(15)
3 Monnok
4 Alter
6 Scanning Crew
Twi Lek Advisor
Always Thinking With Your Stomach

'

Strategy: '

This is a very interesting Combat Readiness manipulator deck. It splits space and ground vehicle-wise, and goes for immunity to attrition to help make up for its lower character count. It has the ability to alter early in the game, and against non-nudj revos, can instead start JP expand for the added force generation. Since  it sports both starting interrupts, it can go with any of the other necessary starts agasint specific decktypes (ie, start battle order against ops, start secret plans against rescue the princess, etc.).. And against those decks, it still has the Jabbas Palace gametext to pull a site every turn to increase the force generation.. with the large force generation, the drain sites come out early, and with the manipulation, the LS mains dont hit the table until at least the midgame, if not later..  and if they do manage to come down, youll be able to see the beatdown coming, and either prevent it with manipulation +deploy, or ATWYS their mains out of existence.. Surprise is in there for a retreival engine, the idea is to paste some people for a few extra cards back per game, and add to the force loss when they play the small stacks of characters that tend to come out against manipulation.. all in all this is a well rounded deck that takes some skill to play, but is worth the trouble.. '