---
layout: post
author: ! Mike "Iceman" Fitzgerald
title: ! "Don/t Tread on me..."
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-09-04
description: ! 'slow the opponent to the halt. Good amount of counters and can shut most if not all decks down.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations  ( 8 )

Guest Quarters
Bespin ( SL )
RPoint
Lower Corridor
Downtown Plaza
CChamber
2/1 drain -1 CC site
2/1 drain cancelling site

Characters  ( 17 )

Yoxgit x2
Harc Seff
EPP Luke x2
EPP Obi x2
Pucimer Thryss
Captain Han x2
Tawss Khaa
Melas
EPP Leia
Bothan Spy x2
Wedge Antilles
Bron Burs

Devices  ( 1 )
Landing Claw

St'ships  ( 6 )

Falcon x2
GLiG1
RLiR1
Spiral
Tantive 4

Effects  ( 11 )

Cloud City Celebration x2
Scrambled Transmission ( SE )
Ultimatum ( SE )
Do or Do Not ( SE )
Battle Plan
Draw Their Fire
Wise Advice
Traffic Control
WYTTPOU x2

Interrupts  ( 17 )

Don't Tread on Me ( SI )
Noble Sacrifice x2
Shocking Info x2
Courage of a Skywalker x2
Glancing Blow
The Signal
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes
Grimtaash x2
Quite a Merc x2
Revealed x2
Houjix'

Strategy: '

Solid deck. Really takes control of the 'tempo' of the game.

Various notes 

Start- You always start the Don't Tread on me. Whether you wanna grab all the effect then that is up to you.

v. HDADTJ - Spies to cancel Visage. Dueling protection. Cloud City Celebration will get back those 'Visage' cards. Do or Do not , Wise Advice ,
and grapplers take care of SAC. Quite A Merc will stop HDADTJ with like 8 Elises. Battle Plan will slow them down and Harc Seff will make the Vader site useless ;)

v. Ops - Battle Plan and the Celebration will take most if not all of the work here in stopping them and the destiny drawing characters in this deck will go out for a day in the sun. Noble Sacrifice will help make up a good portion of the difference.

v. CCT Drazin Engine - hehe. This deck will crumble and die. Give them Wedge. Noble Sac him and that means they'll have to have cards to capture people to keep the engine running ( doubtful ). They'll usually rely on Manipulation and hey , that's why we start with Scrambled Transmission and Do or Do Not. Scrambled T will stop Voyeurs and DoDonut will take care of SAC if they have it. Bothans can give them a nasty suprise and you can get a SInfo every turn.

v. ISB Ops - Harc Seff takes the spotlight here. Battle Plan should be able to slow them down also. The 2 Revealed are for 5d6 or the probots. Ultimatum and Celebration will keep the drains in the sane range and help you. Noble Sac also helps here ;) Grimtaash Outer Rim Scouts and Ghhhks out.
Remember  Houjix can also cancel Sunsdown.

v. Big blue and space decks  Yoxgit steps up here. The never-ending Landing Claw can lull them to sleep and then crush them with the Falcon , Cpt. han , and EPP Leia with Wedge as a passenger or something. Holding on to the Bespin system is a major priority. Most of the sites are interior so walkers will not help them ;) Clash of Vader should be throw in this deck sometime soon I just couldn't fit it in yet. Remember that you and the Captain can make it happen  )

v. anything else Basically I think everything you need is in here . There is a BUNCH of destiny 5s that routinely float around in this deck. 2 SInfos , Don't Tread on me after weapons , The Signal , and the 2 Quite A Mercs usually go around a good bit. There is a pretty big spacefleet her and Captain Han and EPP Leia should give you the edge you need to fight off the ABC2theUni. Good Luck.



'