---
layout: post
author: Mike "Iceman" Fitzgerald
title: 'WTF? Lightside Manip deck based on MF's Article'
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-12-02
description: ! 'This is a deck based on my article ' Manipulation Means for the Lightside'.It is a decent deck. Weird and interesting. It's pretty nasty too. Something to ponder in the closing days of Pre-ECC.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start  ( 3 )
O's hut
CPlanning
Beggar's Canyon

Additional Locs  ( 8 )
Y4 MHQuarters
RPoint
YWar Room
CC Guest Quarters
H War Room
Endor  Chirpa's Hut
Y4 MRuins
D Y's Hut

Characters  ( 17 )
Oola x2
Elom x13
Yoxgit x2

St'ships  ( 2 )
Leaders x2

Effects  ( 21 )
Beggar x5
Civil Disorder x2
NTMTOdds x4
Revo x4
Traffic Control
Order to Engage
Yargna x2
Anger , Fear , Aggression
Battle Plan

Interrupts  ( 9 )
Grimtaash x3
Nar Shaddaa x2
Signal
TTerminated x3'

Strategy: '

Errata - The extra Yargna and AFAggression should
be Landing Claws. Gotta love this new feature.

Basic - This is a blend of a lot of manipulation
techniques and really can't be meta-ed for too
well.

Start  O's Hut and grab Beggar's Canyon. People
may laugh but they might play a lot more cautious
knowing that Beggar comes down for free.

Notes  Basically you do some big-time Manip on the opponent with Oola , Grimtaash , Revolution ,
Battle Plan and Beggar. You force some huge concerns because they'll need to get balanced
stuff to fulfill Battle Plan , need to get #s
protection , and deploy stuff while getting Oola-ed. You'll be amazed how fast a game can be when
the opponent has to deploy a card with ability ,
then battle , and pay to drain -- that force pile
depletes quickly.

I'll analyze how it works. First stage  Activation= Revolution and Beggar play m@#$%ive tricks on their activation. The additional locations means that this deck usually activates like 14 on about turn 4 and maybe more with Revs while the opponent is in trouble. #s also plague activation in future for damage. Stage two  Control= Battle Plan ; they have to pay to drain while they try to set up junk and avoid beatdown ( you on the other hand just Claw in space). Stage three  Deployment = Civil Disorder + Oola - Well here is a nice stinger. Oola messes with their hand and CDisorder does damage so they'll have to hope to get Blue stuff and hope that it doesn't get beat down-- that's where the aforementioned Beggar's Canyon runs its pyschological effect  'do I deploy when he's got Beggar out and possibly Draw Their Fire and he's generating +14 force ?' tough question. Next phase  Battle - Order to Engage -- Battle me with your Imperial Scrubs against my power 4 Eloms or lose force.  Now your saying most decks might have counters. You'd be amazed how this deck can dodge them-- Revo and Beggar stop a decent amount. The three Grimtaashes are really the killers because in conjunction with Beggar and Oola they are in a tough spot. Remember that you can try to Used Grimtaash for Oola or if you think that the opponent has multiple Evaders in hand you can Lost Grimtaash to check.

Now that I've got all that basis and stuff out of the way I'm on to specifics 

HDADTJ- 3 Transmission Terminateds. No Obi , No Luke. Did I mention Power 4 Eloms and a chick that can make sure Vader never hits the table again ?

ISB- Order to Engage , Battle Plan , Eloms if they use Imperials. Oola if they use Uniques. This deck actually was able to smack around an Outer Rim Scout deck because of the Numbers and Activation bonus.

ORumors - Basic stuff. Claws help suck up the drains and #s can do m@#$%ive damage. Don't get me started if they have a scrub in the Bunker...

Normal Ops- This is where the deck is a little weak because the #s don't sting. Order to Engage and the ability to wipe away 'buddies' and the Claw does though...

Ralltiir Ops- Um , everything in this deck hurts this deck type.

You may wonder if it is too comboliscious but it actually works well and sets up quickly and Yargna helps v. Monnok. It may not look good but it works. When it is fully set-up basically you get to tell the opponent to do X during every phase or lose Y force.

Mike Fitzgerald / D'akturak

'