---
layout: post
author: Mitch "BartmanMLV" Velasco
title: 'You're so $money$, ISB'
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-10-07
description: ! 'A deck for those with the resources, a drop & drain deck with no-brainer counters  It luckily helped me win a tournament in Dagobah 10/2/99'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (12)
Coruscant (SL)
Endor Back Door
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Cloud City Port Town District
Hoth Defensive Perimeter
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Dagobah Cave
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Tatooine Tusken Canyon
Tatooine Lars Moisture Farm
Tatooine Cantina

Characters (22)
Outer Rim Scout x14
Boelo
Jabba
Chall Bekan
5D6RA7
Darth Vader x2
DVDLOTS
EPP Vader

Starships (3)
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Mist Hunter
Punishing One

Interrupts (18)
Alter x5
Sense x4
Wounded Wookie x2
Abyssan Ornament x2
Ghhhk x3
Elis Helrot
Twilek Advisor (SI)

Effects (4)
A Bright Center to the Universe (SE)
Den of Thieves (SE)
Security Precautions (SE)
Failure at the Cave

Objective
ISB Operations/Empire's Sinister Agents

'

Strategy: '

I may have been lucky to win with it, but its speed & damage potential are nothing to sneeze at. Depending on your opponent's starting cards, select
Security Precautions (hidden base, revolver/force choke)
A Bright Center (ops decks)
Den of Thieves (careful of SAC)

Drop & drain your operatives & flip quickly.  Deploy Vader ASAP & SAC your opponent's interrupts & effects.  The starships are for probing or to battle average opposing space power.	Multiple ORS can soak attrition as pilots/passengers with Jabba in the audience chamber.  *DO NOT* forget to retrieve an ISB agent during each of your draw phases.  I will admit I have forgotten in the past--it is simple, yet could make the difference in the end game.

Wounded Wookie is underrated vs EPP beatdown.  It has been successfully used to negate EPP weapons, or other rebel gametext when an ORS is involved in same battle.  Don't forget the other text--can limit opponent to drawing 2 battle destiny, or cancel Clash of Sabers.

Increased Alters are to cancel effects like Bacta Tank, Frozen Assets, etc.  The destinies are low, which may not help you in battle, but may help you with SAC draws, even with +4 from MWYHL.  Sensing Grimtaash, alters, Nar Shadda Wind Chimes, etc, may not mean much but every card counts  Enjoy'