---
layout: post
author: ! Andrew "Gadget" Ledwith
title: ! 'Revised - Decree Of The Empire'
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-11-11
description: ! 'Revised Imperial Decree based deck. Many important changes have been made to improve performance.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (12)
Coruscant
Dagobah Cave
Death Star (SL)
Death Star War Room
Endor Back Door
Endor Dark Forest
Endor Forest Clearing
Hoth Defensive Perimeter
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Hoth Ice Plains
Hoth Wampa Cave
Yavin 4 Docking Bay

Characters (14)
Admiral Ozzel
Chief Bast
Commander Desanne
Commander Igar
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Grand Moff Tarkin  x2
Lieutenant Arnet
Lieutenant Cabbel
Officer Evax

Vehicles (4)
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1

Starships (7)
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Death Squadron Star Destroyer
Devastator
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser  x2
Executor
Vader's Personal Shuttle

Interrupts (11)
Elis Helrot  x2
Main Course  x2
Shocking Revelation
Torture  x2
Twi'lek Advisor  x4 (SI)

Effects (12)
A Bright Center To The Universe
Bad Feeling Have I
Battle Order
Broken Concentration
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Lateral Damage
Oppressive Enforcement
Reactor Terminal
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay '

Strategy: '

Here's the rundown of all the starting stuff

vs. MWYHL - start Broken Concentration. This will delay (and in some cases hault) his Jedi Testing. Playing a Test 2 deck isn't that hard, since there's only 2 force drain modifers. The ability-6 thing can be bothersome, but not gamebreaking.

vs. Hidden Base - start Security Precautions. You want to be very sure that he either doesn't flip, or that when he does you can hurt him bad with probing. Keep a limited force on the ground (preferablly at two Hoth sites), such as Vader and Tarkin at one site and Tempest 1 and Igar at the other. If it's an HBX deck you shouldn't have any problems. If it's a HB deck w/ ground pound deck, put Tarkin in a walker so he can't be shot but go for the kill in space (save up your force and come down his weakest planet).

vs. Ops - start Battle Order. It will cost you and your opponent 3 to drain (but you won't be doing too much draining in the game anyways once he's flipped). I would recommend setting up ABC2Uni to kill the modifers and not even try Imp Decree (unless you do the two systems one site way) since you'll need all the resources you have on the Ops planet.

vs. Mains and Toys - start IAO. It will boost your forfeits from the very beginning. Try to get your vehicles so you can protect the pilots. If the deck is a Tocshe Station deck, then you should go to the Station as soon as you get the resources to do so. All that force can only lead to no good.

vs. Y4 Revo Nudj - start IAO. This will not only boost the forfeits up, but it will allow you to get out the Y4 DBay and the Hoth DBay. This in turn allows you a quick set-up of Decree and allows you to invade Y4 (even if they play a Nudj at the Y4 DBay, you can always deploy to the Hoth DBay since they can't play a Nudj there, then use the transit to get to Y4).

vs. anything else - start IAO. I don't know what else you would see (Ewoks maybe), but this should be the default start in that case.

First of all, there was one large change that I decided to make on my own (that's right, all by myself =P). I decided that a start of the Death Star and an Effect was better than the Hoth sites. I will only get one less force, and the opponent going first isn't a big concern. It won't take too much longer to set up Decree since there are now 5 Rebel Base sites in here.

I took all of the suggestions from the previous version of this deck to make this new and improved version. There are now 12 locations, generating a lot more force than before. I decided to can the SAC since there wasn't much of it and if Vader wasn't on the table I would have to draw a two (and if there was MWYHL, it would be impossible). I traded out a Dreadnaught for a DSSD. I was a little fearful of Ops since Imperial Decree was a little harders to set up. I solved this by adding an ABC2Uni, which can be played on Death Star or Coruscant. There was one typo in the last version - Imperial Domination should have been Oppressive Enforcement. This is the SAC protection that I spoke of. Search and Destory is also gone to make room for a Lateral Damage.

One note on the starship situation. There are 2 very nice ships coming out in the ECCs Boba Fett In Slave I and Dengar in Punishing One. I will definently be adding both of these when they become available (I will probably take out the Dreadnaughts).

I think that's it (hope I didn't leave anything out this time). Your main goal should be to disrupt the opponent. Most often this is done with Imperial Decree, but sometimes it must be done in alternate fashions. Don't overlook the 2-system-1-site text on Decree. If the opponent is playing heavy ground you could control Death Star, Coruscant, and another site (I like Hoth Wampa Cave just because w/ IAO they can't Nabrun there, and w/o a spy they can't deploy there). I've never had to play it like that, but in theory it would work. Just play smart and you should do well.'