---
layout: post
author: ! Matt "Old Skooler" Lush
title: ! "Matt s Hunt Down"
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-12-21
description: ! 'This is my local area Hunt Down deck, modified to allow for ECC. It went undefeated last tourney.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'HDADTJ/TFHGOOTU

Locations 10

Executor Med. Chamber
Executor Holotheatre
Tat Jabba's Palace
Tat JP Audience Chamber
Tat Mos Eisley
Tat Cantina
Endor Forest Clearing
Hoth 3rd Marker
Kasshyyk
Coruscant

Characters 14

DVDLOTS x3
Darth Vader x2
Grand Moff Tarkin x3
Zuckuss
Jabba
4-LOM with Conc. Rifle
Djas Puhr
Dannik Jerriko
IG-88 With Riot Gun

Droids 1

U-3PO

Weapons 3

Vader's Lightsaber x3

Starships 3

Executor
DSSD
Boba Fett in Slave 1

Interrupts 23

Sense x5
Alter x3
Elis Helrot x2
Monnok x2
Twi'lek Advisor x2
Moment of Triumph x3
Ghhk
Oota-Goota, Solo?
Unexpected Interruption
Evader
The Circle is Now Complete
You Are Beaten

Effects 5

Visage of the Emperor
Secret Plans
Bad Feeling Have I
Resistance
Security Precautions
'

Strategy: '

This is your basic Hunt Down, modified to my style. I prefer not to have expensive AT-ATs and such in here, but rather useful characters that once on the table, stay on the table, and from there control the game through all the interrupts in this deck. Therefore Moment of Triumphs. I regularly draw high with this deck, as it has a lot of fours. Nothing more annoying than Ben/Obi attacking poor Djas Puhr alone, and Djas Puhr staying due to Light Side drawing another main for destiny, and Djas Puhr drawing a four and a two to take care of Ben/Obi.
Of course the tag team of Vader/Tarkin are supposed to go where it's rough, while the other guys spread and drain on their own. I only have three ships in here because that's about all I need to take care of Hidden Base. HB decks aren't that great around my area, and I normally beat them without Sec. Precautions. Can't live without Monnoks, at least two are in every deck I build. Elis for ambushes, and DS Coruscant to replace the LS in a HB deck. I'd rather they drain for 1 instead of 3. Kasshyyk is to get around Battle Plan, although I found it useful two Saturdays ago to probe Clak'dor, which was the only high parsec system the LS side had, the others being Bothuwai and such to keep the DS from getting to Clak'dor. Good idea, but made his HB obvious. Most people don't play with high-parsec DS systems around here, I guess. The Ghhk is another staple, it's always nice to have that handy, DTF/Frozen Assets are rarely seen in Austin. If I'm lucky enough to get U-3PO early enough, I can have him block drains till I'm ready to take on whoever's there. With 4-LOM in the deck, Dannik becomes popular again. Get these two with Zuckuss or Jabba, and I've got a team that's deadlier than Vader/Tarkin, because somebody will be gone for good. If I can't get that combo going, then the Old School Circle is another way to get rid of that Annoying Ben who keeps bringing back people you kill. Yeah, it puts the Objective out of play, but it's always worth it. A mains deck is pretty much toast with Ben gone. I just make sure Vader has a saber and Ben doesn't...
I never pull out a starting effect till I see what they are playing. HB? Sec. Precautions. Yavin IV jump or Obi's Hut? Bad Feeling. Mind What You Have Learned? Secret Plans. Don't have a clue what the hell you're playing? Resistance. All in all this is a deck that fits my style and I do real good with. I don't know about other regions, but people hate this deck in Dantooine. Raythor, I BEAT Martin's revo deck with exactly what I had here. There is enough sites and unexpected interruption is basically a second evader, monnok, ghhk, whatever I want it to be. It's all I need. Worse comes to worse I just alter revo. '