---
layout: post
author: Sebastien "ReWarD" Vaillancourt
title: 'Hard Toulouse (Revised for a MORON)'
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-09-20
description: ! 'I revised my deck cause one moron give it 2 stars just because i wrote that i can choose wich of my SL i would like to start.....he don't know things like 'knowing your opponent deck'...well anyway here is it with changes (that's the problem anyway with'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (11)
Death Star
Defensive Perimeter
Hoth Ice Plain
Hoth Docking Bay
Endor
Kiffex
Hoth
Kashyyyk
Coruscant
Fondor
Kessel

Characters (12)
Darth Vader
Grand Moff Tarkin
U-3P0
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Commander Igar
Commander Nemet
Lieutenant Cabbel
Officer Evax
Admiral Ozzel
Commander Desanne

Starships (9)
Dreadnaught x2
Avenger
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Vengeance
Vader's Personnal Shuttle
Devastator
Executor
Death Squadron Star Destroyer

Vehicules (3)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Dune Walker

Interrupts (10)
Twi'lek Advisor x4
Evader
Torture x2
Set For Stun
Those Rebel Won't Escape Us
Masterful Move

Effects (14)
Security Precautions
There Is No Try
First Strike
There'll Be Hell To Pay x3
A Bright Center To The Universe
Imperial Decree
Battle Order
Secret Plans
Oppresive Enforcement
Come Here You Big Coward
Imperial Arrest Order
Lateral Damage

Device (1)
Homing Beacon'

Strategy: '

ALWAYS START WITH DS.....unless you know opponent's deck....coninue reading...


Ok, this is a pretty straight forward Big Blue deck. Let's put things clear against most of the Ls deck right now



MWYHL start def. per. (to 'cancel' asap Battle Plan) and oppressive renforcement. If they doing all the tests with retreival and everything, search asap for Secret Plans and CHYBC.

Ops start the death star and opp. renf. search for key effect at first, (imp. decree, battle order, Bright center...)

Mains Tosche start the DS and opp. renf. again. Grab many powerfull int. such as Sense, Alter, It could Be Worse...etc. search for There is no try for a complete protection against SAC and beatdown.

Mains Revo start DS and opp. renf. again. for the rest you should not have problem activating, don't be affraid to draw a lot....it's pretty immune to grimtashh anyway And look for that evader and play it well ( opp renf. + there is no try on table).

HBX Start DS or Def perimeter and opss renforcement, grab those it could be worse, all wing report in, and organised attack. Search for key effect and use Lat damge brightly.

Massive Ewok Drain No, don't laugh, i saw a powerfull drain ewok deck that can drain for about 20 in about 3-4 turn....start Def per and Imp. decree.

any other decks.......use your skill, play that deck the way you like it.....good player should do very well with it.

btw, i've used it in my regional and in the team Tourney the day after and i lost only 1 game against an HBX...(i probed with Those rebels won't escape us....well anyway.)

Good Luck '