---
layout: post
author: Chris "Grand Nagus" Hunter
title: '(Speed)er Death -ver 1'
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-11-21
description: ! 'This deck is designed to win through speed damage and good card efficiency.  I've not lost a game yet with it but I'm sure it can be beat.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Imperial Control

Locations(7)
Corulag
Swamp
Jungle
Forest
Spaceport Docking Bay
Coruscant
Kessel

Characters (20)
Choke Vader
Tarkin
Corulag Operative x8
Biker Scout Trooper x6
Sergeant Elsek
Sergeant Barich
Corporal Oberk
Corporal Drelosyn

Starships & Vehicles (8)
Avenger
Bossk in the Bus
Speeder Bike x6

Effects (12)
Well Guarded (SE)
37201 x3
Imperial Arrest Order
Reactor Terminal
Relentless Tracking
Search and Destroy
Ability ^3
Den of Thieves
TBH2P x2

Interrupts(12)
High-Speed Tactics x3
Scanning Crew x3
Twei'lek Advisor x2
Abyssin Ornament x2
Main Course
Pittiful Little Band

'

Strategy: '

I'm still developing this one so comments are appreciated.  This deck goes for the early speed with a biker/bike/op combo at as many locations as possible for quick drains and flips.  Also use S&D, Ability^3, Odds, and Relentless Tracking to inflict additional early damage.  SCrew your opponent if you draw them.  React with the bikes to protect everyone else.  Use others in the back end to deal with the late game decks {i.e. High-Speed Tactics (which also deals with speeders), Vader/Tarkin, and various the other interrupts.}

vs HB- Go for the speed flip and cover up the opponents Coruscant and Kessel with your own.  With the -1 to drains on the objective, this will limit the damage a space fleet can do w/ drains.  Deck might benefit from Sec Precaustions and more ships.

vs Mains- Use your speed and various other methods of power and damage to try and out do your opponent.  With H-ST and operatives you will draw at least 3 destiny per battle.	Odds will help as well.

vs SAC- Might be a little weak here if your Hell2Pays don't slow them down.  The deck might benefit from additional SAC protection.

vs Ops- Be faster, fight harder.  Might be a struggle but this match up is always up in the air thanks to Battle Plan/Landing Claw tech.  Deck might benefit from a Homing Beacon.

Please let me know what you think and enjoy ;)'