---
layout: post
author: ! Mike "Iceman" Fitzgerald
title: ! "Baugh with the baugh"
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-09-29
description: ! "This deck uses a huge jump of speed and surprise to bash the opponent into the ground before they know what is going on."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start  ( 8 )

Carbon Chamber Testing
Carbon Chamber Console
Security Tower
Carbonite Chamber
Surface Defense
Resistance
Secret Plans
There is no Try

Additional Locations  ( 5 )

Audience Chamber
Downtown Plaza
Cantina
Tatooine  DB 94
CC Docking Bay

Creatures  ( 1 )

Bubo

Characters  ( 22 )

Corporal Drazin x3
Jabba x2
Greeata
Ak-Rev x3
Umpass-Stay
Lyn Me
EPP Fett x2
Sy Snootles
Rystall
Kithaba
Barquin D'an
Tech M'or
Lirin Car'n ( tech )
Dudo Bonuwingo
Nizuc Bek
Rappertunnie

Vehicles  ( 2 )

Skiff x2

St'ships  ( 4 )
Dreadnaught x2
Bus
Death Squadron Star Destroyer

Effects  ( 8 )

First Strike
Special Delivery x2
Scum And Villiany
Hell2Pay x2
Security Precautions
Ability Ability Ability

Interrupts  ( 10 )

Twi'lek
Hidden Weapons x2
Elis Helrot x2
Tarkin's Orders x2
Control x2
Counter Assault'

Strategy: '

First glances  This deck is much better then you probably originally think. First I'll talk about the deck then get specific. Start - Surface Defense is a nice solid all around start. Against Hidden Base you start Security Precautions. If they have NO Rebels then you don't have to panic. This deck has 3 count'em three ways to retrieve globs of force  Drazin Delivery , Rystall , and Scum and Villany/First Strike. All of these are very potent especially when you get 2 working together. The main play of the deck is to get Ak-Rev out ASAP and get the necessary musicians you need  Greeata for quick deploy and good forfeit , Rappertunnie to keep them from battling you , Umpass-Stay for power , Lirin Car'n to cut off the Security Tower from deployment. Between Greeta , Jabba , and Scum and Villiany your characters will be flying out of your hand at a huge rate of speed ( Fett is free with Lyn Me ). With Umpass-Stay and 3-4 musicians that'll usually mean its time to shake hands. Now to specific.

v. HB - Start Security Precautions. Get retrieval engine running and start probing after they flip.
Ability x3 is really strong as are grapplers. Shouldn't be to hard to win this game.

v. Ops - start normally 3 effects. Resistance will keep the losses minimal. Try to retrieve the Controls and Counter Assaults for the engine over and over and over again. The Skiffs will help move your two hit-squads all over the place and Bubo will have lots of nice snacks.

v. Test 2 - It's all about Ability x3. It'll probably be a pretty long game but you'll retrieve whatever damage they can do. Might be able to suck them into a trap ( lone Fett w/ Lyn Me etc...).

Other miscellaneous notes  Hidden Weapons is a nice way to keep the Drazin engine going and is a really sweet card. This deck has a chance against anything but isn't exactly easy to play. It takes a bit of practice to get into the Musician mindset.'