---
author: Todd "ChessMaster" Vandewalker
title: 'Vader with Troopers'
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-12-19
description: 'This is not made to be a serious, tourney winning deck. It is meant to be fun with your friends. I realize it's not the best and has weaknesses, but it's fun to play and can win battles causing massive force loss.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective:
Hunt Down and Drestroy The Jedi (Starting)

Locations:
Executer: Holotheatre (Starting)
Executer: Meditation Chamber (Starting)
Hoth: Defensive Perimiter
Tattoine: Cantina
Tattoine: Lar's Moisture Farm
Endor: Back Door
Endor: Dark Forest

Characters:
Admiral Motti
Commander Igar
Darth Vader x3
Darth Vader With Lightsaber x3
General Tagge
General Veers
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Stormtrooper x20

Interrupts:
Abyssin Ornament x2
Dark Jedi Presence x3
Elis Helrot x3
Trooper Assault x5
Twi'Lek Advisor (Starting)

Effects:
Reactor Terminal
Visage of the Emperor x2 (Starting)
Well Guarded (Starting)

Weapons:
Vader's Lightsaber x2




Strategy: 

First of all, this deck is for fun. I am not saying I am going to win a tournament with it, I am simply saying it is fun to battle with lots of stormtroopers. Ok, start HDADTJ (I use the OBJ pretty much to stop them from sensing my Trooper Assaults and Dark Jedi Presences), the Executer sites, and Visage. Build up the cards in your hand until you can deploy Vader and a ton of Troopers (remember they deploy free). Battle and then play Trooper Assault and Dark Jedi Presence. All your troopers are then power 6 and immune to all attrition. That means, depending on the ammount of troopers you battled with, they will have a huge ammount of battle damage. If they don't have a Houjix, one battle can win you the game. I know it doesn't have any ships to stop Hidden Base or Battle Plan, but it gets a good drain on the ground. It has a drain potential of 10 providing JT #1 is not completed. I feel this is a fun deck to play with against your friends. Lemme know of anything I can do to make this better or more fun. Thanks! 