---
author: joe "brangus" horbey
title: 'Flawless Muppet M&T~V. 3.0'
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-11-02
description: ' This deck combines the quick force generation provided by dagobah to get your mains out on the board to raise some hell.'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

Objective : ( 1 )
MWYHL

Locations : ( 9 )
Cloud City: Downtown Plaza
Cloud City: Lower Corridor
Cloud City: West Gallery
Dagobah
Dagobah: Bog Clearing
Dagobah: Jungle
Dagobah: Swamp
Dagobah: Yoda's Hut
Kessel

Characters: ( 17 )
Obi-Wan Kenobi x 2
Obi-Wan with Lightsaber x 2
Luke with Lightsaber x 3
Han with Heavy Blaster Pistol x 2
Leia with Blaster Rifle x 2
Melas
BoShek
Orrimarko
Tawss Khaa
Yoda
Jeroen Webb

Devices: ( 1 )
Landing Claw

Starships: ( 4 )
Red Leader In Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Tantive IV
Spiral

Effects: ( 9 )
Frozen Assets x 2
What Are You Trying To Push On Us
Order To Engage
Draw Their Fire
Battle Plan
Mechanical Failure
Goo Nee Tay
The Planet That It's Farthest From

Interrupts: ( 19 )
The Signal x 2
Nabrun Leids
Shocking Information x 2
Don't Get Cocky
Gift Of The Mentor
Smoke Screen x2
Don't Forget The Droids x2
Out Of Commission x2
Tunnel Vision x4
Quite A Mercenary
Glancing Blow



Strategy: 

To start with, here are the changes I've made from my last versions of Muppet M&T.

1.) Removed Clash Of Sabers to get used to the arrival of Crush The Rebellion, making Clash next to useless.

2.) Took out Sorry About The Mess since undercover spies are less prevelant in the tourney scene lately.

3.) Took out Scrambled Transmission since drazin is dead, and the only other Manipulator deck out there is JP Manipulator, which isn't seeing much action lately.

4.) Took out some random interrupts, added in Out Of Commision for anti-hunt down.

Onto the strategy!

VS. OPS

Start Battle Plan and get the mupppet down to his shack. Battle Plan should slow them down enough to give you time to Tunnel for Mains/Frozen Assets/Draw Their Fire/or Mechanical Failure if against AT-ST/AT-AT Ops. You should be able to deplete their life force considerably if you play your cards right in battle. They will probably run from you on their home planet, so get Order To Engage running to cause some game winning damage. From their, simply drain at Kessel, or any of your 2 force location. Watch out for Always Thinking With Your Stomach.

VS. BIG BLUE

Start Battle Plan or Draw Their Fire, whichever you like. Battle Plan to slow down their early drains which can cause key-card lossage, or Draw Their Fire to beat them down quicker. Not even those pumped up 2/2 scrubs can stand up to epps and destiny adders. Simply beat them down, and drain them at their own battlegrounds after battle. If they run, put the hurt on em' with Order To Engage.

VS. ISB

Start Battle Plan (seing a trend?) and get the Frozen Assets/Draw Their Fire beatdown going on them. I removed scramble from this deck because ORS are not all their made up to be. You should be able to battle away any characters your opponent throws at you. If they spread and drain, beat down a lone character with FA/DTF, which pretty much seals the game for you. If they run, again, Order To Engage will start hurting.

VS. HDADTJ

Start Battle Plan(I really like this card!), and get the muppet to his hut A.S.A.P. to make premiere obi invincable save against 7 destinies. Use smoke screen to take out vader if he becomes a problem, or simply beat him down with a horde of roudy epps, remembering to once again, Frozen Assets/Draw Their Fire to prevent battle interrupts and gyhkks. If you have an Out Of Commision remind you and your opponent to lose from the Visage early, you might even snag a Vader with it and place the objective out of the game right off the bat.

VS. Ominous Rumors

This is the one case where you do not start Battle Plan, seeing as the requirements will be easily met by your opponent. Instead start Wise Advice or Draw Their Fire. The drains from Ominous are very high, so your going to have try to make this a very quick game. Don't go to space unless you've got 2 or more ships because you will get lateral damaged and smacked down. Try to concentrate on beating down a small force on endor with an epp hit squad. Don't try to out drain this deck, because you won't. Try to sneak Jeroen into the bunker and lay the epp smackdown with my favorite combo, yes, Frozen Assets/Draw Their Fire.

If Main Course is not played in your area, much like it's not played in mine, then your going to dominate with this deck. I have removed some anti-dueling since people have finally realized that it's not worth the risk to duel. Hope you liked it!