---
author: Charles "Teacher" Hickey
title: 'Seattle Open, Huntdown Deck...'
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-10-18
description: 'The goal of this dek is to nail the noninteraction deck.  With so limited battlegrounds, the battle order will excel.	I follow them to where they go.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting:(7)

Huntdown and Destroy the Jedi/
There Fire has Gone out of the Universe
Meditation Chamber
Holotheater
Visage Of the Emperor
Twilek Advisor
Imperial Arrest Order
Epic Duel

Locations: (2)
Death Star Docking Bay
Executor Docking Bay

Characters: (16)
Darth Vader x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x2
Darth Vader with Lightsabre x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Commander Igar x2
Officer Evax
Lt. Cabbal
Sergeant Barich
Corporal Drelosyn
Sergeant Irol
Ephant Mon
Ds-61-2

Blue: (10)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1
Dune Walker
Speeder Bike x2
Dreadnaught x2
Bossk in Hounds Tooth x2
Vaders Shuttle

Weapons: (2)
Vaders Sabre x2

Interupts: (18)
Evader x3
The Circle is Now Complete
Vaders Obsession
Focused Attack
Unexpected Interuption
Torture x2
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
Masterful Move
Monnok
Put All Sections on Alert x2
Twilek Advisor x2
Imperial Barrier
Boring Conversation Anyway

Effects: (5)
Reactor Terminal
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward
Visage of the Emperor x2


Strategy: 

First off, I am aware there are only 4 locations in the deck.  That's the tech right there.  I pull the death star docking bay, and the executor docking bay.  Okay, so now I got my battleground to flip, and I can get back to the executor for free.  Okay, here's where the tech begins.

Battle Order and Come Here You Big Coward totally swing this game in my favor.

If my opponent is playing Hidden base, I generally twilek or play Battle Order ASAP.  Okay, with out any force from me, save but one, this seriously puts a damper in my opponent early drains.  And with the one battle ground site being the D* docking bay, I can pound them there with Walkers, and Put All Sections On Alert (also good during dueling).  My space compliment is enough that, with Vader at the Chamber, with the objective flipped, My ships act as a wrecking ball, especially the Bus.	throw up an imp with it, and if the manage to draw a 3, I lose the imp.  Plus, I'm pounding them with a couple destiny (averages a 10 late game, after stacking)

Against Toshe Tech, I usually have to abandon the chamber text, and go guns-a-blazing to the ground.  Walkers, Pilots, Vader, Tarkin, and the big 3 (Barich, Irol, Drelosyn) can totally kick it up.  I did lose to a harvest deck at the open.  I had a couple of very bad destiny draws, and did make a stupid mistake.  But the game could have swayed differently.	If I win a duel or two, That would be game.

against Ops.  Once again, Vader, subtracting 2, and Walkers and Speeder bike Steamrolling over Bothuwi.

This deck is very Solid, utilizes the denial aspect, one small pesky drain, and visage, plus steamrolling my opponent to death at there location.

And don't go 'You'll totally get spanked by sanc.  Remeber, a strong deck that is week to one deck has star rating of 4 1/2 *.