---
layout: post
author: Michael "Dvader" Girard
title: 'Neustrom v. 1.0'
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-08-11
description: 'This deck is based on the famed Droid Merchant engine utilized in the Maelstrom deck.	There is added retreival to make up for the errata of Droid Merchant.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations (5)
CC:Casino (pull w/carefull planning)
CC:Incinerator (start)
CC:Downtown Plaza
CC:Lower Corridor
CC:Carbonite Chamber

Characters (15)
EPP Obi
EPP Luke
EPP Leia
EPP Han
Chewbacca
Pucimir Thyress
Droid Merchant x2
EG-4 x5
Lando x2

Starships (3)
GLG1
Millineum Falcon
Tantive 4

Interrupts (32)
How Did We Get Into This Mess x5
Spaceport Speeders x4
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes x2
Control x3
Cloud City Sabacc x4
The Signal x3
Nabrium Leids
Jedi Presence
Careful Planning
Off the Edge x4
It's a Trap x2
Yub Yub x2

Effects (5)
Do or Do Not
Descent into the Dark x2
Frozen Assests
Draw Their Fire


Strategy: 

Shortly after the errata of Droid Merchant was handed down, I sat down and went into a complete think tank mode.  Two things had to reappear to make this deck work, droid recycling and large amounts of retreival.  So I started looking at such strategies at Crash Site Memorial and such, but the problem with that is the card that you trade out is stuck at the Crash Site for the game.  So I just sat down with my big book o' cards (one of each card...ever).	Then it dawned, the CC:Incinerator will allow for droid cycling, even though it was once a turn, that was all that I needed.  Now to look for retreival.  Since I was on Cloud City, I figured I might as well stay there and see what I could come up with.  Well, Off The Edge came to mind, but the characters destiny's were to high.  Ahhh, but if I switched the droids to EG-4's then I could retreive no matter what the destiny was for Off The Edge.  So now I add in some gambling on the side and I now have two fairly safe ways of retreival.  This deck has been tested but not in a tourney.	The number one priority, since you are starting out with carefull planning, is signaling for do or do not, that is why there are three signals and three controls...to protect your engine early in the game.

