---
author: Joseph "Screwdriver" Gaus
title: DS Ground Pound
side: Dark
date: 1999-08-19
description: This deck is meant to be a battle oriented-drain heavy deck.	It's slightly different than most decks because there's a prepared 'sideboard' depending on your metagame.
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Starting(3)
Cantina
Jabba's Palace
Combat Readiness

Locations(9)
Tat:  Audience Chamber
Tat:  Jundland Wastes
Tat:  Lars Farm
Tat:  Tusken Canyon
Endor:	Dark Forest
Endor:	Back Door
CC:  Port Town District
CC:  Downtown Plaza
Hoth:  Defensive Perimeter

Characters(13)
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Commander Igar
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Lieutenant Commander Ardan
Zuckuss
Brangus Glee
Jabba the Hutt
Bane Malar
Djas Puhr
Gailid

Vehicles(5)
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 6
Blizzard 2
Dune Walker x2

Starships(4)
Executor
Death Squadron Star Destroyer
Dreadnaught x2

Effects(7)
Bad Feeling Have I
There'll be Hell to Pay
Presence of the Force x2
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
Battle Order

Interrupts(2)
Twilek Advisor x2
Those rebels won't escape us

Metagame Option 1 (16)
Scanning Crew x12
Darth Vader x3
There is no Try

Metagame Option 2 (16)
EPP Vader x3
Monnok x2
You are Beaten x2
Elis Helrot
Masterful Move
Those rebels won't escape us
Alter x3
Sense x3

Strategy: 

This deck was designed using metagame option 1 immediately after endor came out.  No one was prepared for scanning crews and the deck did wonderfully.  RIGHT after that tournament I developed it's second option, for tournaments I felt would be prepared with shocks.	The deck starts off with a classic immune to revo start, ideally scan and drain early, gaining an advantage.  Sooner or later they catch up, but the deck is meant to be too powerful to stop once you have that card advantage.  When not playing the scan, the deck has cards that help fight off the rebels.  Against hidden base, you twilek for SecPrecs as soon as possible and go probing, the 4 ships generally does the trick.  You can often spread and drain against HB easily as well.  The deck generates enough force to have a healthy ability to fight revo decks, and normally the revo decks are so concerned about revo, they don't have the power (even in EPP's) to fight the walkers and DS power.  YaB helps against those EPP's in metagame 2 option, while the scans do wonders against the EPP's in metagame 1 (revo decks are rarely prepared with shocks).  LS ops can be trouble, the idea there is that you get your ships to his ops planet and use Battle Order.  Those rebels won't escape us (one in the deck, a second if using metagame 2 option) will help clear off landing claw.