---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "rayc" Hawley
title: ! "What s that elephant guy doing in there"
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-09-17
description: ! "Hunt Down with no Dueling. Tries a balanced approach with Imperial Power and an alien surprise."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (11)
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Cloud City Port Town District
Death Star
Endor
Executor Holotheater (start)
Executor Meditation Chamber (start)
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Tatooine Lars' Moisture Farm
Hoth Defensive Perimeter

Characters (16)
Lieutenant Cabbel
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Jabba
Darth Vader With Lightsaber x3
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Dr. Evazan
Ephant Mon
DS-61-3
General Veers
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Lieutenant Arnet
U-3PO

Creatures (1)
Bubo

Vehicles (3)
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest 1

Starships (6)
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser x2
Vader's Personal Shuttle
Devastator
Avenger

Interrupts (10)
Shocking Revelation
Sniper x2
Trample x2
Twi'lek Advisor x3 (1 starting)
You Are Beaten x2

Effects (12)
Disarmed
Battle Order
Imperial Justice
Reactor Terminal
Presence of the Force
Secret Plans
Come Here You Big Coward
Therell Be Hell To Pay x2
Visage of the Emperor x1 (starting)
Security Precautions
Oppressive Enforcement

Objective (1)
Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi/ Their Fire Has Gone Out of the Universe

'

Strategy: '

This deck generates plenty of force. The trick is to stop the early choke and get out some of the other locations. If you suspect a Revolver or No Shelter variant, start Imperial Justice on the Meditation Chamber. I know that the opponent could revolve the Holotheater and cancel Visage but they are taking a chance if they do.

Against Hidden Base, start with Security Precautions. Get your locations down as quickly as possible but avoid deploying the systems.  If they give you the opportunity for a beatdown, take it. Vader in the Shuttle is a nasty surprise if they leave 4 ability at a system.

Against Opps, start Battle Order and go fight. Between Tramples, Snipers, You Are Beaten, Bubo and Dr E., you should be able to either prevent a flip or hurt them badly even if they do flip.

Secret Plans is a good choice to start against most other deck types. Remember to use the game text to get out Shocking Revelation each turn. Scan your reserve deck carefully. Then you will know whether you want to draw from your force pile or use the force and wait for something better.

Against Mind What You Have Learned, if you think theyll try to train through test 5 go to the Dagobah System. Land Vader and Tarkin. Kill Luke or Leia if possible before he flips.  Also use Come Here You Big Coward to make them come out to play before they can retrieve. If they are only going to Test 2, you have plenty of ability to play with and some good tricks too. Dr. Evazan and Disarmed is one my favorites. Boba Fett, Jabba, Ephant Mon and Dr E. also make a nice strike force against a smallish group of Eloms.  With all of the Imperial Decks out there, you know we will start seeing Eloms a lot.

Ephant Mon can stop spies from deploying or moving to the the Holotheater to cancel your Visage but more importantly, he protects you from the Han and other @#$%orted characters.
'