---
author: Mike "Iceman" Fitzgerald
title: What you don't know can hurt you...
side: Dark
date: 1999-12-22
description: Ominous Rumors deck that takes its time
doing the little steps to victory.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Start : ( 5 )
Endor Ops
Endor
Bunker
DBay ( Foil Baby ) !
Twi'lek Advisor

Locations : ( 8 )
Coruscant
Death Star
Carida
Kiffex
Nal Hutta
Corulag
Kashyyyk
Kessel

Creatures : ( 1 )
Bubo

Characters : ( 14 )
Ozzel
Igar
Darth Vader
Choke Vader
GMTarkin x2
DS-61-2
DS-61-4
Lt. Arnet
Lt. Cabbel
Lt. Grond
Officer Evax
Sergeant Barich
Warrent Officer M'kae

Blue : ( 11 )
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Avenger
Bubble Boy ( Fett in S1 )
Bus
Rocket Man ( Dengar in PO )
Devastator
Vengeance
Dreadnaught x2
Vader's Shuttle

Effects : ( 13 )
Broken Concentration
Reactor Terminal
Hell2Pay
ABC2theUniverse
Empire's New Order
First Strike
Lateral Damage
Oppressive Enforcement
Secret Plans
Battle Order
Imperial Arrest Order
Ominous Rumors
Security Precautions

Interrupts : ( 8 )
IJASKAW x2
Gravity Shadow
Imperial Barrier
Twi'lek x2
Torture x2 

Strategy: 

I decided to throw in my version of Ominous Rumors. Basic stuff is to deploy and drain but it hardly ever turns out that way. Usually the Red will give you a chance to put the game away in a hurry ( IJASKAW is tough on non-interaction decks ).

Specs :

vs. Ops : This is the game where you get out of your little groove and start doing some changing here. You wanna Start Battle Order versus them. You wanna send Vader and other big boys like Igar over to harass them. Empire's New Order is HUGE against Ops for the retrieval. I don't think Imperial Decree is possible to pull off versus quick Ops so I use ABC. The neat thing is that you can defend ABC and it isn't a battleground system so Battle Order keeps on them. Don't deploy to a battleground system UNTIL you have an IJASKAW , DON'T DEPLOY TO THEIR SYSTEM ( otherwise they land when you IJASKAW ) ! You IJASKAW and then when they whistle and try to run away you pound them. First Strike , Imperial Barrier , Gravity Shadow , AND Lateral Damage make quick work of the usually small amount of space that Ops have. Bubo and Secret Plans should
put a little heat on them. Remember that Fett can't be clawed so he can stay at his own system.
Once you bounce the Claw and destroy the crap out of their ship ( hold First Strike til Claw bounces ) you should beat them. Empire's New Order makes it so this is possible. You have to be patient this game to work it correctly. This is one of the few games you go off schedule.

vs. HB : Start Security Precautions or Imperial Arrest Order. Basically they are screwed from the beginning. Dengar and the Grappler in conjunction with the nasty Interrupts and Effects ( Lat Damage , Gravity Shadow , etc. ) really put the sting on this deck.

v. MWYHL : Start Broken Concentration and try to get the drains rolling ASAP. As always be careful about the Scrub getting nailed in the Bunker. Note : IJASKAW is good here , If they drop Spy you bounce the Main or Undercover and apply beatdown.

v. Mains : Basically just load your Walkers and stuff at the Docking Bay and make sure their weapons and junk don't hurt. This deck has a lot of forfeit and I feel destiny adding decks are on the downfall.

v. ECC Objective : There is a lot of ships here that can cause problems in the clouds as will Vader and Walkers if they dare step out side.

anything else : First Strike should keep you safe from Destiny adding junk as does IAOrder. This deck is pretty solid. If destiny adders come back into style you can 'tech' this deck to add Crush the Rebellion or Biker scouts and Establish Secret Base to flip the objective.

Mike Fitzgerald / D'akturak 