---
layout: post
author: Peter "martian" Hall
title: 'Tatooine Manipupation'
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-12-15
description: ! 'Good ol' JP Manipulator, updated for today's environment.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (7)
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine (start)
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Tatooine Lars' Moisture Farm
Tatooine Mos Eisley

Carachters (11)
Brangus Glee
Commander Igar
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Djas Puhr
DS-61-2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Jabba the Hutt
M'iiyoom Onith  x2
Officer Evax

Vehicles/Ships (8)
Boba in Slave 1
Bossk in Bus
Dengar In Punishing One
Dune Walker
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser  x3
Tempest 1

Effects (6)
Bad Feeling Have I
Imperial Arrest Order
Tatooine Occupation
There'll Be Hell To Pay  x3

Interrupts (28)
Alter  x3
Combat Readiness (start)
Frustration  x2
Ghhhk  x2
Limited Resources
Masterful Move
Monnok	x3
Scanning Crew  x8
Sense  x2
Twi'lek Advisor  x2
Unexpected Interruption
Voyeur	x2


'

Strategy: '

This deck was made to counter the Mains decks out there wich pack 2 Shocking Info's and consider that Manipulation defense.

Start with Tatooine, and Combat Readiness to pull Tat JP (usually).  First turn pull the AC (duh).  Here's the basic strategy

vs.  Mains - Grab their Shockers (or Voyeur them if you don't have a grabber).  Use Frustration to take out their Grabbers.  Scan away their mains, and get Occupation going.	You should always know what's in their hand, so group your guys if they have a beatdown crew assembled.

vs.  Anything that starts Yarna (HBX, Speeder/Ops, Ewoks, whatever)  - pull an ability 4 guy, and Alter Yarna.	Shouldn't be too hard with the destiny in this deck.  After that, Scan to find out when you can kill them with Monnok.

vs.  *.strom  -  Grab/Voyeur HDWGITM.  Monnok.	Scan.

vs.  Hidden Base non-swarm  -  Try to hold the system for Occupation.  Hopefully they are depending on Rebels for forfiet fodder.

This deck obviously has some weaknesses.  Hidden base w/o rebels or duplicates, for example.  I should probably add a Security Precautions, and Oppressive Enforcement wouldn't hurt either.  If the LS starts Wise Advice AND plays several Grimmys, that would also be very bad.

LMK what you think. '