---
layout: post
author: ! Jonathan "Soma" Morse
title: ! "ISBedlam"
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-11-01
description: ! "Nearly SAC Immune deck with great draining/battling/retreiving potential.  High number of agents, ships, vehicles, with plenty of counters."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective 1
ISB Ops

Locations 10
Coruscant
Coruscant DB
Endor DB
CC DB
Yavin DB
Hoth DB
 DB
Endor
Kashyyyk
Fondor

Characters 23
Vader w/Saber x2
Old School Vader
GMTarkin x2
U-3PO

ISB Agents 17
Oberk
5D6
Evax
Vesden x2
Ozzel
ORS x7
Wullf
Pol
Chall
Vandolay

Vehicles 4
Blizzard 1
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1
TS6

Ships 6
Executor x2
Dreadnought x2
Bossk in HT
DS Star Destroyer

Interrupts 6
Abyssin O
Masterful Move
Ghhhk x2
Twi Lek x2 (one starting)

Effects 10
Undercover x2
Battle Order
AAA
Bright Center
Sec Prec
Sunsdown x3
IAO (starting)'

Strategy: '

First of all, I love ISB.  Second of all, the decklist reflects my own card limitations.  I do not own 15 ORS so please don't tell me to put in more.  One reason I love ISB is because of its incredible retreival mechanism.  This deck has 17 agents, which means I should retreive one just about every turn, which will really add up over the course of the game, especially since I plan on battling and losing a healthy number of them so that I have something to retreive.  My activation is much better than it looks, because I will not spend very much in deploying.	All my agents should go down for free at the Cor DB after I put Sunsdown at Cor.  With an Imperial my movement is also free from there.  Instead of spending on these activities, I am free to draw and thus move very quickly.  This will allow me to flip on the first or second turn.  I also have guaranteed activation since IAO as a starting allows me to pull out my DB's every turn until there are no more left.  This removes 0's from my deck and provides good activation.

I will not spread out right away.  Instead, I will be cautious and allow light to deploy some characters.  Once their mains are down, they can't Nabrun effectively, and I can spread out and run from them all I want until I decide to battle.  I have in U-3PO and two undercovers to stop them from draining me where they are.  I have in two Ghhhks and a MM for the few times when they may work in a beat down.  It's safe, and it gives me liberty to spread out late if I want.  The MM is one of the few SAC vulnerable cards in the deck, but I decided it was better than a third Ghhhk, since it can cancel MSavrip, is a revolving 6, and helps me be safe from Grimmy.  Speaking of which, I can get ORS out of my hand quickly with Sunsdown, and Chall and Abyssin O help me pull them out at opportune times.  The Abyssin O is also immune to sense for the retreival aspect, which is great to retreive non-ISB agent cards from my lost pile.  (I cant get seven back in addition to standard ISB retreival)  I have in Battle Order and can easily fulfill it.  I have in AAA for obvious reasons, and it can start working very very quickly.  Bright Center for Ops and Sec Prec for Hidden Base.  I'm very strong in space, with six ships.  I opted for Fondor instead of Kiffex, because it makes my Executor cheap, and is very close to Endor and Kashyyyk.  Two Executors also make my DS SD go down cheaper, and I have plenty of pilots to put on my ships.  I put in two Vesdens for numbers.  Four vehicles for ground power, and of course there are three Vaders and two Tarkins for me to beat them down when light spreads out to try to stop my drains once their mains are committed.  I will battle them with power while I drain elsewhere, but I will probably try to kill Melas, Twass, Orrimaarko more than killing the mains, because if I kill the mains, they can then be redeployed and hurt me elsewhere.  I am better off stopping their drains, retreiving, and keeping them busy.  Once their mains are all down, I try to keep them down, and it's all over for them.  It's also a blast to play.	   '