---
layout: post
author: ! Ryan "XjedeyeX" Fojtik
title: ! 'All Encompassing Beatdown'
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-11-12
description: ! 'My Version of Brentsons Beats. Wins in one giant Climactic Battle with Destiny adders and power 100+'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start (4)
Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip
Rondevous Point
Signal
Wise Advice (or Battle Plan, Scrambled Transmission)

Locations(7)
Dagobah
DGYodas Hut
DGBog Clearing
TatooineObiwans Hut
TatCantina
TatMos Eisely
TatAudience Chamber

Characters (14)
Yoda
Luke w/lightsaber x2
Leia w/Blaster x2
Han w/blaster x2
Obiwan w/lightsaber x2
Chewbacca
Jeroem Webb
Bothan Spy x2
Yoxgit

Starships/Vehicles (4)
Millenium Falcon
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Red Leader in Red 1
Tantive IV

Devices (2)
Landing Claw x2

Interrupts (17)
Tunnel Vision x4
Gift Of The Mentor
Dont Get Cocky x2
Skywalkers
Life Debt
The Force Is Strong With This One
Courage Of a Skywalker
Glancing Blow
Shocking Information x2
The Signal x2
Jedi Prescence
Nabrun Leids

Effects (12)
Beggar x3
Draw Their Fire
Order To Engage
Battle Plan
Wars Not Make One Great
TPTIFF
Whatre You Tryin to Push..
Scrambled Transmission
Traffic Control'

Strategy: '

This deck simply crushes everything.. huge destiny coupled with the beggar combo means that if they arent playing alters, the game is over before it started.. the trick is simple.. first turn, pull dagobah and yodas hut so youre generating tons of force.. then draw and tunnel vision/signal your way into the EPP combo and some destiny adders while biding your time using battle plan/WNMOG/TPTIFF/landing claw/yoxgit type force loss prevention.. then when the timing is perfect, just lay DTF and Beggar and some destiny adders plus jedi prescence, and your opponent is looking at upwards of 60 or 75 power and as much as 115 or so with no way to play ghhhk (since you used beggar to use all his or her force).. for people who are hiding in space, use the tantive IV, for weak locations, use spies... against huntdown you have high destiny and duelling, and against anything else, you just squash it flat, regardless. if they play SAC, simply lose the 2 force or whatever, and you have order to engage so your guys dont get stuck without at least dealing some damage to the fleeing imperials (one shot and your opponent WILL NOT want to fight this again).. If they ARENT playing IAO, then its simple.. bring the beatdown, and tunnel vision/etc, to nabrun around like a crazy person drawing huge destiny and inflicting up to about a million force per battle.. this type, IMO is the best LS deck out there..
Also, add in a Descent into dark.. it makes this a lot better..
The hidden base objective is my start for extra force activation and it lets yoda stay at his hut for even more force, and immunity.. HB is also a fake so they start security precautions and not IAO.. just for the uninformed...  '