---
author: Ryan "XjedeyeX" Fojtik
title: 'Muppet Madness'
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-08-22
description: 'Test to two and go to town on whatever you can with disruption and EPP strikes.. High Destiny lets you battle, play counter assaults, and retreive with OTE.. bacta ensures battle damage.. not for unskilled players'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 


Start:
MWYHL/SYIC
Dagobah
Signal
Battle Plan

Locations
DG:Yodas Hut
DG:Bog Clearing
DG:Training Area
DG:Jungle
DG:Swamp
CC:Lower Corridor
Kessel
Dejarik Hologameboard

Characters:
Daughter of Skywalker
Yoda
Luke w/lightsaber x2
Han w/Blaster x2
Obi w/lightsaber
Chewbacca
Toryyn Far
Leslomy Tacema
Biggs Darklighter
Wedge Antilles
Jeroem Webb
Derek 'Hobbie' klivian
Romas 'lock' Navender

Starships:
RL in R1
GL in G1
Millenium Falcon
Spiral
Red 6
Tantive IV

Jedi Tests:
Great Warrior
Jedis Strength

Interrupts:
The Signal x3
It Could Be Worse x2
Projection of a Skywalker x2
Whatre You tryin to Push on Us x2
Dont Forget the Droids
Traffic Control
Bacta Tank
Draw Their Fire
Wars Not Make One Great
Frozen Assets
Transmission Terminated x2
Shocking Information x2
Grimtaash x2
Clash Of Sabers
Surprise Assault
On the Edge x2




Strategy: 

Straight out, this deck relys on playskill.. much like the old baragwin decks, it lets the opponent commit to drains, while it focuses on disruption and attempts to outdrain in the other theater and at the holotable while retreving with OTE/DTF.. the bacta keeps the EPPs cycling through, and ive got lots of anti manipulation (grabbers+shocks) to nail them, plus plenty of signal action to get out my effects.. You cant panick, but with some patient play youve got a chance against anything.. against hunt down, cancel visage with TT or a spy, and then go to town with drains in space at kessel, and at the holotable for 2 for a total of 5 and then stack 2 six destinies by tracking on top of your deck and let them go for the duel where you draw a 12.. against DS space, pick your battles, drain at the corridor and at the holotable, and draw the tracked 6s for destiny with EPPs to cause HUGE force loss from attrition for each battle.. ive outbattled DS IAO decks with this before with some careful battling.. its all about timing and playskill, and not about just laying your cards.. the deck doesnt play itself, but its flexible, and has all the bases covered.. 