---
layout: post
author: Jason "PeNNyWiSE1" Ayre
title: 'Hunt Down The PeNNyWiSE1 Way'
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-09-05
description: 'This is a Hunt down beatdown deck attuned to my likes.  Its VERY balanced and has what it takes to take on any deck out there.  I played it at wizard world and will probly play it again at my regional.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

PeNNyWiSE1's HDADTJ Beatdown Deck

Objectives (1)

Hund Down And Destroy The Jedi

Locations (14)

Executor : Meditation Chamber
Executor : Holotheatre
Endor : Back Door
Hoth Ice Plains
Tattoine : Jabbas Palace
Jabbas Palace : Audience Chamber
Cloud City : Downtown Plaza
Cloud City :Casino
Endor : Forest Clearing
Tattoine : Cantina
Coruscant
Hoth : Defensive Perimiter
Hoth : Wampa Cave
Tattoine : Mois Eisley

Characters (19)

Darth Vader x2
Darth Vader Dark Lord Of the Sith x3
Grand Moff Tarkin x3
Officer Evax
Jabba The Hut
Dr Ezvan
General Veers
Navy Trooper Vesden
Zuckuss
Mosep
Djas Puhr
Admiral Ozzel
Lieutenant Cabbel
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle

Starships / Vehicles (5)

Executor x2
Boskk In HT
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Weapons (2)

Vaders Lightsaber x2

Effects / Interupts (19)

Twilek
Bad Feeling Have I
Visage Of the Emporer x2
Monnok x3
Always Thinking With Your Stomach
Control
Sense x3
Alter x2
Elis x2
Security Precautions
Presence of the force x2

Strategy: 

Start with Bad Feeling against any other deck than Hidden Base.  If they start HB, start SP.  The deck I play now is slightly modified from the one I play now.  In my deck I play now I play 1 evader (almost essential).	This deck WILL smash ANY Hidden Base deck with ease (assuming you play it right).  I cant really explain the strategy, because you have to be very skilled to play this deck.  Get Vader down ASAP and thats about all as to strategy.	This deck does well against revolvers because of the 14 locations.  This deck has many natural defenses against alot of decks without 'bullet cards.'  For instance against a revolver (even without an evader) you have alters for revos, they will have a hard time getting down mains with bad feeling have I and once they do come down you will be activating so much force and have so many characters you have what it takes to beat them down (this is just a scenario on what could happen, Im not saying it WILL beat any revolver)

Just remember -- this is a very good deck. But it will get SPANKED if you dont play it right. (This deck could be very hard to play for some people)
A deck is nothing without a good player.
But when in the right hands its deadly :)