---
layout: post
author: ! Andy "Solo337" McClure
title: ! "So  you want to deploy Obi  do you"
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-11-26
description: ! 'This is a top-of-the line Hunt Down deck. If you played right, your opponent should be terrified to even deploy Luke or Obi, and how can they beat Vader and his best bud Tarkin without them?'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'
Locations (6)
Executor Holotheatre
Executer Meditation Chamber
Endor Back Door
Endor Dark Forest
Tatooine Cantina
Cloud City Downtown Plaza

Characters (14)
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x 2
Darth Vader with Lightsaber x3
Grand Moff Tarkin x3
Commander Igar
Brangus Glee
Djas Puhr
Admiral Ozzel
DS-61-2


Starships (5)
Dreadnaught x2
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Executor
Devastator

Interrupts (18)
Vader's Obsession x3
The Circle is now Complete x2
Elis Helrot x3
Torture x2
You Are Beaten x2
Twi'lek Advisor
Masterful Move x2
Ghhk
Focused Attack
It's worse

Effects (10)
Visage of the Emperor x3
Closed Door
Security Precautions
Come Here You Big Coward
Secret Plans
Reactor Terminal
Battle Order
Macroscan

Vehicles (2)
Tempest 1
Flare-S Racing Swoop

Weapons (3)
Intruder Missle
Vader's Lightsaber x2

Epic Event (1)
Epic Duel

Objective (1)
Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi/ Their Fire Has Gone Out of the Universe

'

Strategy: '


I have never lost a game with this deck, though it's been in only 2, 4-game tournaments. I have extensively tested it outside tournaments with my friends, and it does VERY well against most deck types, ESPECIALLY beatdown (mains and toys). All you have to do is get Vader out Early, and Elis or use the 0 side of the objective to get him where you need him to be. Then, when they try to fight you, duel Luke and Obi out of the battle (using Tarkin to cancel a duel destiny, if need be), and choke or saber any other characters. If they won't fight, you can just make them lose to Visage and Force drains all day. All sites in the deck drains of 2, and Vader's Saber adds one.

Vs. Beatdown
Just beat them down. What can they do against Vader without Luke and Obi? Not much. And if they do put out Luke or Obi, duel them right off the table. With all the 5, 6, and 7 destinies in this deck, you should win EVERY duel, but it has it's share low destinies, also. So, I like to use Tarkin to cancel their highest duel desiny to make 100% sure you win, or use Macroscan to check what one of their destinies is before you even initiate the duel.

Vs. Hidden Base
Start with SP and get out in space probing. Make them lose to Visage the whole game. It's never had much trouble with HB.

Vs. LS Ops
This is this deck's toughest game. You should win EVERY battle, and choke Ops left and right, but you'll lose due to those nasty force drains. Start with Battle Order to slow them down, and beat them down in battles. The Flare-S Racing Swoop will help you greatly, making it so they can't run away from you. Use support characters like Igar, Ozzel and Tempest 1 to beat the little forces that Vader/ Tarkin don't kill themselves.

Vs. MWYHL
This deck has no problem with it. If they're training all the way up (which I've NEVER seen happen effectively), you should be able to destroy them before the get to #5. If they're only training to Jedi Test #2, then they still can't hurt you badly. Your 2/2 sites give you a 2 drain w/o modifiers, and Visage is still there.

The only big loss I've ever had with this deck was when a guy got Oola in a starship 1st or 2nd turn, and killed the on-table Vader. From then on, if I ever got a Vader, he went right back to my Used pile. Why Vader can't control himself when it comes to the ladies, I will never know. '