---
layout: post
author: Adam "General Solo" Prosak
title: 'Blown Away'
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-12-05
description: 'A CPI deck completely dedicated to destroying the LS home planet and crippling their acitvation.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Locations (12)
Death Star (start)
Death Star: War Room
Death Star: Central Core
Death Star: Conference Room
Death Star: Detention Block Corridor
Death Star: Detention Block Control Room
Death Star: Level 4 Military Corridor
Death Star: Docking Bay control Room
Bespin
Tatooine
Yavin 4
Endor

Characters(14)
Vader w/Lightsaber x2
Grand moff Tarkin x2
Admiral Ozzel
Officer Evax
Baraquin D'an
U-3PO
Death Star Gunner x6

Starships (6)
Executor
Avenger
Devastator
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Dengar in punishing One
Boba Fett in Slave I

Epic Events (4)
Commence Primary ignition

Weapons (2)
Superlaser x2

Interupts (9)
Twi-lek Advisor x4
Uncertain is the Future x3
Evader
The Circle Is Now Complete

Effects (13)
Oppresive Enforcement (start)
There'll Be Hell To Pay x2
Battle Order (start vs. ops)
Come Here You Big Coward
Traffic Control
Broken concentration (start vs. MWYHL)
Ability, Ability, Ability
A Day Long Remembered
Security Precautions (start vs. HB)
A Bright Center to the Universe
Crush the Rebellion
Imperial Arrest Order


Strategy: 

When JP came out, most drain decks attempted to spread themselves out because they didn't want to be affected by Resistance/Ultimatium.  When SE came out, people looked to maximize their drains at a few locations because they didn't want to be hurt by the -1 drain objectives.  The best way to maximize your drains is to play on one planet and build a few combos.  That's when I decided to give CPI a try.  With most decks playing on one planet, CPI actually stands a viable chance.  Blow away their planet and you've likely destroyed all of their acitvation, leaving them vulnerable to Broken Concentration/Ability x3.  Thus this machine was born.

Death Star locations (8)- you need these for activation and to boost your CPI total.

Other Systems (4)- the systems you want to blow up.  Yavin 4 because of ADLR and the Throne Room start.  Don't forget to make them lose force.  Only deploy these is you desperately need a drain or if you will blow it up.

Vader, Tarkin, Evax, and Ozzel (6)- a small fighting force.  Evax and Ozzel are pilots for your ships and leaders for the Conference Room.

Other characters (9)- You need a Superlaser or a Gunner in your opening hand, so there are 6 Gunners.  Baraquin and U-3PO to keep cards out of your lost pile.	CPI doesn't win by much so Baraquin helps boost your differential by alot.  When you know you've won, put the Gunners back in your reserve for an easy +3 diff.

Starships (6)-Obviously you can cripple a Hidden Base deck's acitvation, so you have to fight them.  These are the best 6 ships out there and there are other cards to help.

CPI and the Superlaser (6)-When the Gunners search for the laser, it better be there, so I have 2.  When you're ready to shoot, you need a CPI in your hand, so I have 4.  It's fun to see an EPP loaded ship get shot down by the superlaser.

Twi-lek and Uncertain (7)-These help you get key cards to the deck and let you setup CPI.  Use uncertain to deploy CPI related stuff and weed locations out of your deck.

Come here You Big Coward (1)-  the MVP of this deck.  With your ability to blow away battle grounds and the lack of battlegrounds, this becomes huge.  Don't worry about killing invaders to your Death Star if they can't drain.

Circle and ADLR (2)- fantastic destiny 6 cards.  The former to kill a key LS character and prevent them from canceling the latter.  ADLR will cripple Hidden Base and lock up games.

Other red cards (12)- various cards to hinder or stop the opponent's drains and prevent them from messing with your plan.  Except Broken Concentration and Ability^3 (for damage), only deploy these when you need them.  I thought about adding Alderan but I found it very unessacary.

There are two main decks that play on more than one planet, Hidden Base and Mains and Toys.  Hidden Base is killed by ADLR, Security Precautions, and Grapplers.  All of the Mains and Toys battlegrounds are blown away and they can nowhere to drain.
