---
layout: post
author: ! Clint "Gold93" Prong
title: ! "Ben's Battle Brigade"
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-11-02
description: ! 'This deck is a strong ground deck that aims to win duels and cause massive amounts of damage while preventing Ghhhk.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (6)
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Tatooine Obi-Wan’s Hut
Yavin 4 Massassi Ruins
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Tosche Station

Characters (17)
Ben Kenobi x3
Obi-Wan with Lightsaber
Luke Skywalker
Luke with Lightsaber x3
Han with Heavy Blaster Pistol x2
Leia with Blaster Rifle x2
Orrimaarko
Melas
Tawss Khaa
B’omarr Monk x2

Interrupts (27)
Alter x4
Sense x6
It Could Be Worse x4
Nabrun Leids x3
Sorry About The Mess x2
Gift of the Mentor x2
Clash of Sabers x2
Courage of a Skywalker
Glancing Blow
Careful Planning
Lost In The Wilderness

Effects (10)
Revolution x4
Scramble
Frozen Assets
Draw Their Fire
Traffic Control
Mantellian Savrip
What’re You Tryin’ To Push On Us?
'

Strategy: '


This is a great lockdown deck, and is especially tough against ISB decks, because they must start with a Coruscant location, Hunt Down decks, which start with the Executor locations, and DS space decks starting with Wakeelmui.  Early revolutions put the hurt on the DS meanwhile the LS sets up a powerful force for battling.  Late in the game the Revolutions can be used to turn Obi-Wan&#8217;s Hut and the Massassi Ruins into huge force drain locations.  The monks make any Tatooine location a battleground nullifying Come Here You Big Coward.

This deck is chock full of surprises for the DS.  The Mos Eisley free move to the Cantina can put a game away if the opponent is unprepared.  Sorry About The Mess and Clash Of Sabers make it a dangerous combination.  Scramble is exceptional when combined with Draw Their Fire.  I usually save it for a critical battle when I try to go for the jugular.

Darth Vader has his hands full trying to Hunt Down Luke and Ben.  Courage Of A Skywalker and Glancing Blow threaten to put Vader out of the game.

I put in the four It Could Be Worse to help against DS space decks and deal with miscellaneous damage, especially 3720 to 1.
'