---
layout: post
author: Norman "Norman" Horn
title: 'Final Throne Room Dominator'
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-11-29
description: 'The updated and better version of this current deck.  You should see the difference immediately.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 


Unknown Type:
Dagobah: Yoda's Hut
Endor: Chief Chirpa's Hut
Farm
Hoth: Echo Command Center (War Room)
Forest
Rendezvous Point
Tatooine: Obi-Wan's Hut
Yavin 4: Massassi Throne Room

Characters (16)
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Harc Seff
Jeroen Webb
Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2
Luke With Lightsaber  x2
Melas
Momaw Nadon
Obi-Wan Kenobi	x2
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Yoxgit

Vehicles (2)
Air-2 Racing Swoop  x2

Starships (5)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Lando In Millennium Falcon
Red Leader In Red 1
Spiral
Tantive IV

Interrupts (21)
Alter  x4
Careful Planning
Courage Of A Skywalker
Don't Forget The Droids  x2
Glancing Blow  x2
Nabrun Leids  x2
Sense  x5
Sorry About The Mess
Swing-And-A-Miss  x2
The Signal

Effects (5)
Bacta Tank
Battle Plan
Draw Their Fire
Goo Nee Tay
Order To Engage

Weapons (1)
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber

Devices (2)
Landing Claw  x2


Strategy: 

This deck is the final version of my Throne-Room-no-Revo deck.  The changes are substantial.  1) Regular Falcon replaced for Lando in Falcon.  2) No Nudjs.  Get Obi-Wan out fast for SA domination.  3) Harc Seff!  4) Extra GB instead of COAS, it's just better.  5) 1 less spy.  A guy encouraged me to only use 2, and I liked it.  6) I changed the SA balance to 5-4 instead of 6-3.  7) Sorry About the Mess has been added.  Cool. 8) A change in the Obi-wan balance.  2 Premieres, 1 Epp, and 1 Ben's Saber. 9) Resulting from no Nudjs, I use the Forest instead of the Swamp.

If and when you review this, go and check out my MWYHL + Brent's Beats deck and tell me which one I ought to use at the tourney this Saturday, I would greatly appreciate it!

The rest is strategy notes, which basically haven't changed, from the original version.  Sorry if I've forgotten to change anything.	Thanks for all your help!
*^*^*^*^*^*^*^*^*^*^*^*^*^*^*^
This deck very much depends on opponent involvement.  The main strategy is to get superior activation and then to beatdown.  Obviously, you start with the Throne Room + Careful Planning + Farm + Forest.  I don't use Revolution because I don't want to focus on that aspect.  That is what the opponent would expect, and it almost acts like you have extra cards in the deck if you don't play them, you know what I mean?  They fear the Revos, so they are careful, and you aren't even using them!  You gain a slight advantage...

A problem that you'll run into is Big Blue.  You basically have to go to where they are.  Use Lando in Falcon + a pilot as your main ship, with the others as back up and for LC.  Use Ben, Luke, and others on the ground to whip up.

Here's some other ways to play against popular decks:

Hunt Down-- They will be dead before they can say 'lose 1 force to Visage.'  You can cancel Visage with your spies, and you have enough duel protection to take Vader out of the party.  Work with your other mains elsewhere, and you should have a pretty good game.

Operatives-- Get your mains out there and battle baby!	Get Battle Plan and Bacta Tank out and you should be in business.  Take out everything in sight, I mean EVERYTHING!  You should have fun against this one.

ISB-- Another tough game.  Pray they aren't using Imp Arrest Order, but if they are you just have to divide and conquer.  Take out the lone scouts with Leia, Orrimaarko, Ben, Luke, Han + Chewie, etc.  Drain where possible, and get out Battle Plan quickly.  Run them out of Ghhhk's as fast as possible.  A game against ISB with this deck is hard but great fun.

Anything else-- take 'em out.	Period. Sense and Alter everything in existence, you MUST take control of the game.

This deck can never work just on it's own, it takes a lot of playskill.  It also needs to be tweaked, badly, so please give concrete suggestions for improvements.

~Norman
