---
layout: post
author: ! Scott "elminstr" Anderson
title: ! "I Did it All for the Wookie"
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-12-14
description: ! "This is a basic HDADTJ, with lots of Space.  Name comes from the fact that their are about 6 cards with Chewie on them :)."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective Stuff (4)
HDADTJ
Executor Meditation Chamber
Executor Holotheatre
Visage of The Emperor

Red(29)
Presence of the Force x 2
Imperial Arrest Order
Battle order
Twi'lek Advisor x 2
You Are Beaten
Resistance
Come Here You Big Coward
Those Rebels Won't Escape Us
Masterful Move
Wounded Wookie
Lateral Damage x 2
Control x 2
Broken Concentration
Main Course
Sense x4
Alter x3
Imperial Barrier x2
Overwhelmed
Monnok

Characters(14)
U-3PO
choke Vader x 2
Vader
Vader w/ stick x 2
Tarkin x 2
DS-61-2
DS-61-4
Motti
Ozzel
Officer Evax
Danz Borin

Ships(8)
Dreadnaught x2
Bossk in bus
Devastator
Death Squadron Star Destroyer x 2
Vader's Personal Shuttle
Avenger

Locations(5)
Kashyyyk
Endor x 2
Kiffex
Hoth Defensive Perimeter '

Strategy: '

This deck was originally designed with Nathan Renigar at D-con.  We are sitting there working on decks for the Open, that we didn't play in HAHAHA.  For those of you that don't know already, DS Space is where it is at right now.

The ICSD's, and other ships, are so powerful.	If you throw in heavy S/A/C, you can worry less about silly interrupts the LS can use to hurt you in space.  The trouble with getting the deck going is you need activation, and the S/A/C only works consistently if you get Vader.  In addition, you spend all that force to get a ship down, only to have it blown up by some X-Wings, and any random destiny draw.

Back to D-Con, Nathan say just start the Death Star, let them go first, and than 'blow them up.'  Well, I've got major problems with this drain of 3 that can happen.  Besides I still only activate 4 force 1st turn, which gets me nowhere to deploy the ICSD's.	Sure I could start CHYBC, but it's open to an early Alter, etc.

I went 1-1 with the deck at the Team Tournament in D-Con, and simply didn't like its 'flow.'  The loss was to Joe Alread who pulls a first turn X-Wing with Fly Casual  Sure I've got ships in hand but four force won't get them down, and I eat drains of three.  Well time for modifications

I get back to NC and start thinking.  I decide I can make a pretty sweet HDADTJ deck with the deck base I've got already.  So I ditch Nathan's silliness, find room for 2 more Vader's, and BOOM I love this deck.

Now I get the same activation as before, actually one more because I start with PotF on Med Chamber.  I give damage with VotE, but don't care if they cancel it or not.  Vader comes down and now my S/A go through like butter, and since I normally put him at the Meditation Chamber he subtracts from peoples destiny draws.  The deck 'flows' much better now.

Well, I was going to go into detail about how I play the deck, but after reading the above I think I've pretty much summarized what I do.

Comments?  Criticism? Bring it on

$cott
'