---
author: Brock "Tallon" Buss
title: 'Hunt Down version 2.0'
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-09-05
description: 'The main idea is to duel Luke and turn him to the dark side by the third turn, if he is on the table by then.  Suprisingly, it works well against a few other types of decks as well.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective:  Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi

Epic Event(1):
Epic Duel

Locations(13):
Coruscant
Kessel
Executor:  Holotheater
Executor:  Meditation Chamber
Jabba's Palace:  Audience Chamber
Tatooine:  Cantina
Tatooine:  Jabba's Palace
Tatooine:  Jundland Wastes
Tatooine:  Lar's Moisture Farm x2
Tatooine:  Mos Eisley

Characters(13):
Admiral Ozzel
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Captain Needa
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith
Darth Vader With Lightsaber x2
Dengar
Grand Moff Tarkin
Lieutenant Commander Ardan
Mosep
U-3PO
Zuckuss

Starships(5):
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Punishing One
Sentinel-Class Landing Craft
Tyrant
Vader's Personal Shuttle

Vehicles(4):
Blizzard 2
Dune Walker
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6

Interrupts(14):
Focused Attack x2
Ghhhk x2
Imperial Supply x2
Monnok x3
The Circle is Now Complete
Twi'lek Advisor x2
Unexpected Interruption
Vader's Obsession

Effects(9):
Bad Feeling Have I
Come Here You Big Coward
Presence Of The Force x2
Reactor Terminal
Secret Plans
There'll Be Hell To Pay x2
Visage of the Emperor

Strategy: 

General Idea:	Turn Luke to the dark side the turn he hits the table (or as close to it as possible), with a Tatooine drain as backup.

This deck actually works well assaulting your opponent with Vader, while setting up the drain on Tatooine.  One real problem is Goo Ney Tay! making the good characters in the deck hard to deploy.  Normally I'd put a few Alters in to eliminate this inconvenience, but instead I added a couple of 2/1, drain +1 locations to make up for it.

Start off with Bad Feeling Have I.  Between the 4 Vader's in the deck, and the large amount of Force generation, it is difficult not to have the Dark Lord in your hand by the second turn.  Deploy Darth to Tatooine and flip your objective.  Usually by the third turn I have a good drain set up, and Visage is starting to take it's toll on the opponent.

Against a training deck, get Kessel (for some reason, against every training deck I play, I get Kessel in my opening hand...) as fast as possible, and land the Dark Lord to duel Luke.  If Daughter of Skywalker is training, just kill her outright, you can't turn her to the dark side, yet.  <grin>

Okay, so now the drains are set up, and Vader is attempting to disrupt the opponents strategy.	The game should be almost over, and should result in a win if everything went according to plan.

This deck does have problems against a well built Operatives deck, and got smashed by Brian Hunter's Mind What You Have Learned deck (go figure...), but aside from that, it's fun to play, quite interactive if you take the battle to your opponent, and only a few setbacks.

The next version will have some endor cards in it, and maybe a whole new way to fight, thanks to my favorite offensive tool, the Biker Scout!  Anyway, I'll post version 2.1 (Not three until the next tournament...) when I get it tuned and figure out how to play a bit of a different style!

Thanks for reading!

-Tallon