---
layout: post
author: Michael "rayc" Hawley
title: 'Yavin 4 Blues'
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-10-29
description: ! 'A Yavin 4 Occupation Deck that strives to combine flexibility with a clear offensive strategy.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Imp. Occupation/Imp. Control	1

Locations (11)
Yavin 4 			1
Jungle				1
Forest				1
Swamp				1
Desert				1
Y4 Docking Bay			1
Tatooine Jabba's Palace	1
JP Audience Chamber		1
Death Star			1
Kiffex				1
Kashyyyk			1

Starships (7)
Avenger 			1
Devastator			1
Vengeance			1
Vader's Personal Shuttle	1
Dreadnaughts			2
Bossk in Hound's Tooth 	1

Vehicles (4)
Tempest 1			1
Blizzard 2			1
Blizzard Scout 1		1
Tempest Scout 6 		1

Characters (15)
Darth Vader			1
Grand Moff Tarkin		1
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle	1
Commander Igar			1
General Veers			1
Admiral Motti			1
DS-61-2 			1
Lieutenant Arnet		1
DS-61-3 			1
Officer Evax			1
Navy Trooper Vesden		1
Lieutenant Cabbel		1
Captain Lennox			1
DS-61-4 			1
U-3PO				1

Creatures (1)
Bubo				1

Devices (1)
Homing Beacon			1

Interrupts (4)
Twilek Advisor			2
Surface Defence 		1
Shocking Revelation		1


Effects (16)
There'll Be Hell To Pay		2
Resistance			1
Secret Plans			1
There is No Try 		1
Come Here You Big Coward	1
Battle Order			1
Rebel Base Occupation		2
Oppressive Enforcement		1
Broken Concentration		1
Organa's Ceremonial Necklace	1
Imperial Arrest Order		1
Reactor Terminal		1
Security Precautions		1
Imperial Decree 		1
'

Strategy: '

Very similar to many of the other Y4 occupation decks. Basically, you cause force loss by draining (with Organa's Necklace if Possible) and using Rebel Base Occupation on Yavin 4. I have been using a deck similar to this one for a while and doing very well with it but having a slight problem with deck speed. I switched in some cheaper deploy characters to help with that. I am going to try to use the Icemans article on deck evaluation again to describe my deck. Once again, please let me know what you think of my analysis and, especially if you think I am weak where I claim to be strong, please give me some details on how I am wrong and what I can do to improve. If possible, tell me what cards you would add and what cards you would remove. Thanks.

In most cases, start Surface Defense to get at least Secret Plans. Whether you get the others depends on your assessment of your opponents starting location. If you think you might se numbers, get Resistance too. If you suspect heavy SAC get There Is No Try as well. You are not very vulnerable to SAC in any case so this card may be a candidate for replacement. Against Opps, start Twilek Advisor and Battle Plan.

A. How well will it do versus dominant deck types
DS Decks - Should have counters to Hidden Base , MWYHL , Mains and Toys , LS Ops ,
1. Ops
Use Battle Plan, Imperial Decree and U-3PO. Secret Plans will also make it expensive for them to retrieve. You should be able to win the drain race with Organas Necklace, Space Drains, and Rebel Base Occupation. Fighting is certainly an option too.

2. Hidden Base
Dont put out the systems. Use Security Precautions after he flips. Dont bother to start with it. Concentrate on Yavin 4, if possible. If you are winning the drain race, only probe there so you can hold him off  (if you battle where there is a probe, your battle damage is limited) and maintain the Rebel Base Occupation. Use Therell be Hell To Pay on his It Could Be Worse and Its a Hit.

3. MWYHL
Consider starting Broken Concentration. If you think he is testing to test 5, consider going to Dagobah (you can get there from Kashyyyk. all of the starships have hyperspeed 3). and trying to kill Leia or Luke. Get your Drains and occupation going as soon as you can and use Therell be Hell To Pay to catch It Could Be Worse. Use Come Here You big Coward to make him come out and fight before he can retrieve. If it is a test 2 deck you need to play it like mains and toys really.

4. Mains and Toys
You are pretty safe from Revolution in terms of force choke. Kashyyyk and Yavin 4 are the only locations that can be revolved to give him force advantage. Against Nudj decks you obviously start the Jungle or Forest and get out the swamp to convert his on your first turn. Get Bubo out of your reserve deck to eat the nudjes. You want to drain and use Occupation as much as possible. If your opponent is weak in space,  drain some in space. Use the Homing beacon to thwart the Landing Claw. If he has Yoxgit, try to kill Yoxgit. You have to make good choices about where and when to spread out and/or consolidate. Come Here you Big Coward, Decree, and Resistance will keep him from revolving the Hut with three Light Sabers or something.  Battle Order can help you too. l The bottom line, he is probably not as flexible as you. You have to exploit that.


B. Does it have counters or can it handle popular themes
1. Numbers
Resistance + lots of battle grounds to occupy. Many 2 and 3 destiny characters to thwart the damage if you dont get resistance set up right away.

2. SAC
Not much to sense or alter. There is No Try and Oppressive Enforcement can mitigate whatever SAC he tries.

3. Degenerate Decks
Surprise Assault could be a danger but you have the Walkers and Star Ships to protect yourself. Other degenerate things adressed above.

4. Can it win a drain race?
Yes. With Battle Order, the necklace, and Occupation.

5. Does it need to battle on Multiple Planets to win the game? Can it hold its own on its home filed and the opponents.
It does not need to battle on multiple planets. This deck can win quite well without leaving Yavin. But it has plenty of stuff to go elswhere to look look after the emperors interests.

6. Will it survive if the deck gets beaten down on one turn?
With High Forfeits and lots of cards with ability, this deck has staying power. As always, this depends on the size of the beatdown.

7. Does it generate enough force to deploy its stuff.
Yes. All of the Yavin locations can come from the reserve deck using Imp Occ/Imp Control and Imperial Arrest Order. The other locations all have good force generation (mostly un-revolvable). Many of the characters and blue cards are low to moderate deploy.

C. Questions for popular Combos.
1. What does it do about Vader and Tarkin or EPPs?
Walkers stop the EPP weapons. Boba Fett is good against Han. Imperial Arrest order limits their mobility via Nabrun.
2. Can it stop the Yoxgit Landing Claw trick or Undercover Madness
Homing Beacon hurts the Landing Claw. Somewhat vulnerable to Undercover but the Rebel Base Occupation and the mobility of the scout walkers mitigates that somewhat.
3. Can it stop a never Ending Loop?
Use the Therell Be Hell to Pay on any nasty looping interupts.

Well, thanks for reading. Let the slings and arrows fly.


'