---
author: Scott "elminstr" Anderson
title: 'The Morpher'
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-12-14
description: 'This deck is built basically to 'morph' itself around whatever the DS is trying to do.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Characters (17)
Lando w/ gun
Bothan spy
Kfc
Jeroen Webb
Luke Skywalker
Ben Kenobi x 3
Han w/ gun x 2
Leia w/ gun x 2
Luke w/ stick
Momaw nadon
Wedge
Chewie
Harc Seff

Weapons (1)
Ben's stick

Ships (5)
Rlinr1
Gling1
Tantive IV
Spiral
Millennium Falcon

Red Stuff (26)
Swing and A Miss
It's A Trap
Clash of Sabers
Shocking Information x2
Battle Plan
Nabrun Leids x 3
The Planet That It's Farthest From
Courage of a Skywalker
Ultimatum
Glancing blow
Careful Planning
Uncontrollable Fury
What're You Trying To Push On Us? x 2
The Signal
Grimmtaash x 2
Sense x 3
Alter
Control
Houjix

Creatures (2)
Nudj x 2

Locations (9)
Yavin 4 Massassi Throne Room
Farm
Swamp
Rendezvous Point
Tatooine
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Mos Eisley
Cloud City: Downtown Plaza
Tatooine: Jundland Waste 

Strategy: 

It starts off with the Y4 Massassi Throne Room, and than uses Careful Planning to pull the Farm and the Swamp.  Hmm not much wrong with the benefits:

&#61623;	LS begins the game first
&#61623;	Activates 5 force, plus opponents
&#61623;	Gives the opponent one, maybe none
&#61623;	The opponent thinks it is a revolution deck.

If my opponent reveal the ISB Ops Objective I start with the Rendezvous Point.	It has been my experience playing with and against, ISB Ops, that the more sites my opponent has on the table, the harder it is to chase them down.  If you give them the Y4 start that's just one other place for them to cause havoc, and their spies come down whenever they like.

This deck basically morphs and reacts to what the DS player is trying to do.  My opinion of the current environment is this:

The DS is simply a brute force, which fits well with the movie.  Typically Vader, or Walkers, or ICSD's can sit on the table and just say 'What??'

The LS on the other hand is forced to be crafty, again fitting well with the movie.  Yes, you can take out ICSD's with beefed up X-Wings, you can take out Walker's with Mechanical Failure (or, I suppose, Ewok Catapults), and even Vader can be brought down with EPP swarm.  The difference is the LS must have sneaky 'tech' and pray the DS doesn't have the particular counter packed.

So I run Tatooine, because it better than CC.
I can do the Ben Kenobi reviving thing
Plenty of spies to cancel Visage
3 Nabrun's so Ben can fly around as needed,
Imp Arrest Order limits, but does not eliminate, that.
Artoo and a Gift used to be in the deck, but it has become very tight with ECC.  I will probably be taking out CC:DTP
Shocking Info is still in the deck from Drazin days.
Standard Duel protection, that has very nice side benefits
The deck changes a couple of cards as needed, but I would say that 40-45 of the cards have been packed for the past 3 months.  If it works don't fix it! 