---
layout: post
author: ! Matt "Old Skooler" Lush
title: ! "Matt/s World Deck"
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-11-29
description: ! 'A modification on my regional winner, this deck was designed to shut down ops entirely. I didn't want to see a repeat of last year...'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations(7)
Obi's Hut
Tat Jabba's Palace
Tat Mos Eisley
Tat Cantina
Jabba's PalaceAudience Chamber
Tatooine x2

Characters (18)
Ben Kenobi x4
Luke w/ Saber x3
Leia w/ Blaster x2
Captain Han x2
Tawss Khaa
Boshek
Melas
B'omaar Monks x2
R-3PO
Artoo

Starships (3)
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Millennium Falcon x2

Interrupts (26)
Sense x6
Alter x3
Lost in the Wilderness x2
Grimtaash x2
Nabrun Leids x2
The Signal x2
Solo Han x2
Careful Planning
Smokescreen x3
Courage of a Skywalker
Glancing Blow
Clash of Sabers

Effects (6)
Tatooine Celebration
Order to Engage
Mantellian Savrip
The Planet That It's Furthest From
A Gift
Whaddya Tryin' to Push on Us?
'

Strategy: '

Note Please read this fully before you rate it...I get the feeling a few of you haven't...

Well, as you can see this deck would probably rip operatives a new one. Unfortunately I never got to go up against one on that fateful Friday. It would of been great. There's so much anti-ops Start with the hut, you see the ops. objective go grab audience chamber with careful planning, you've got two droids, one of them can get A Gift with his text, two signals to get it if you've got R-3PO instead of Artoo, 2 planets-should get it out fairly quick, the two signals not only for A Gift but PTIFF, along with the other stuff...I just loved it. Unfortunately against sheer power decks on a World-level tournament it just couldn't hang. Like my Regional Deck, it revolves around two of the most powerful combos in the game Ben+Luke w/saber, and Capt. Han, EPP Leia, and the Falcon for space. I still wouldn't change a card in this, I like it a lot. And it won't go up against the toughest opponents in the world all the time, either. I'll probably still use this in Austin, until ECC hits the streets. Then there could be problems...(Damn that 4-LOM)
Scanning Crew protection is provided in the numerous ability 4 aliens and senses. I don't need extra ships for space, I can leave GL in G1 at Tatooine (with Savrip out) while the Falcon with Han and Leia go hunt 'em down wherever they're bothering me. Three destiny is just sick.
I don't like Tosche Station, every time I see it I put somebody there and keep 'em there and then they can't use the text. The Audience Chamber with the Hut gives me a solid 5 force guaranteed activation, and lets me get the gifted droid going quicker. Don't forget the rest of the text on A Gift, it is a very underrated card. True, against Ops the most I can drain for is 3(Cantina and two monks), but they are draining for NOTHING, and I am retrieving. Celebration is not hard to maintain, if they are threating the Tatooine planet I simply keep the Falcon combo there. Don't underestimate Solo Han. That gives any of my aliens a total of two destinys, and I often draw high. They can just sit there by themselves occupying for the Celebration retrieval and if you attack them, the attrition will hurt. A lot of times somebody has deployed Vader against a monk thinking for a quick kill, and I'll play Solo Han and draw a one for the first destiny, so then play Smokescreen for the second. Poof Bye Vader. With Savrip out and these combos, my characters have incredible staying power.
As far as numbers go, keep in mind this deck was meant to be played only at the worlds. I did not expect to see dark side inserts there, and I don't believe anybody played them. Therefore the lack of Ultimatum or a few Don't Forget The Droids. As for manipulation, the ability four aliens and the senses help a lot, and once I get my guys out, manipulation is pretty much dead.  '