---
layout: post
author: Daniel "Shadow865" Blackford
title: 'Blue Thunder'
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-12-24
description: 'After gaining MUCH experience through the 'Operations in a Can' series here is a new version of my now 'famous' Speed-Rumors deck.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations(9)
Carida
Corulag
Endor
Endor: Bunker
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Fondor
Kashyyyk
Kessel
Kiffex

Characters(16)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Admiral Motti
Admiral Ozzel
Commander Desanne
Commander Igar
Darth Vader  x2
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
Grand Moff Tarkin
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Lieutenant Arnet
Lieutenant Cabbel
Lieutenant Grond
Officer Evax
U-3PO (Yoo-Threepio)

Ships/Vehicles(13)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1
Boba Fett in Slave I  x2
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser  x5
Executor
Vader's Personal Shuttle

Interrupts(6)
I'd Just As Soon Kiss A Wookiee  x2
Twi'lek Advisor  x4

Effects(15)
Battle Order
Broken Concentration
Come Here You Big Coward!
Empire's New Order
First Strike
Imperial Arrest Order
Lateral Damage	x2
Ominous Rumors
Perimeter Patrol
Reactor Terminal
Resistance
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay  x2

Objective(1)
Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost


Strategy: 

*Addendum* On second thought I've decided to add in a Shocking Rev& Secret Plans (I thought I had it in there anyway) for Oola protection. She is often hidden away and U-3PO may not be handy. Im thinking it can replace Lom but if you have a better idea let me know through GOOD review or message.


Alright. Operations in a Can with some nice improvements and ECC. Im telling you...to effectivly put up the Red Shield (no pun intended)
I need ALL of those Twileks I've played it enough to know. Wookies are for spies and landing claw.
Heres the breakdown:

Ops: Start Battle Order and pull Empires New Order
with Twilek as soon as possible. You can drain for nearly as much as them and without landing claw (SAVE A WOOKIE) theyll have to pay for theirs. For every op you kill you retrieve 2.

Hidden Base: Security Precautions+Fett in Slave1 is a DEADLY combination for Hidden Base. Keep shelling out your pilots with Tarkin+Walker and a Vader on the ground. Lat Damage is a game winner.

MWYHL: Start Broken Concentration. This set up gives you *7* force to work with 1st turn! If they are training you can nail em with a few heavy drains if they arent the force they give you will damage them enough and youll be able to drain them out rather quickly.

Mains/Randoms: Start Perimeter Patrol and fish for
IAO early. Those two make you nearly immune to beatdown on the ground and thats all you need to drain them out. Hell to Pats hamper abusive strategies (Harvests,OOC,Signals,Chimes)

Oola is no longer a problem- Iggy.
