---
layout: post
author: Randy "Misthunter" Bautista
title: 'Imperial Black & Blue (Revised)'
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-08-15
description: 'This deck's function is still to disrupt opponent's strategythrough quick activation and battling while setting up good drains.However, there are key differences from the original (After lookingover some very good decks and very nice critiques, i.e.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations (10)
Death Star (SE)
Endor x2
Kashyyyk
Kiffex
Endor:Back Door
E:Forest Clearing
Cloud City:Downtown Plaza
CC: Port Town District
Hoth: Defensive Perimeter (3rd Marker)

Characters (13)
Darth Vader
DV:LOTS
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Admiral Ozzel
Officer Evax
Lieutenant Arnet
Commander Igar
Commander Desanne
Commander Nemet
Lieutenant Cabbel
U-3PO

Starships (7)
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Thunderflare
Devestator
Avenger
Vengeance
Dreadnaught x2

Vehicles (5)
Blizzard 1
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1
Blizzard Walker x2

Effects (11)
Security Precautions
Imperial Arrest Order
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward
There Is No Try
Secret Plans
Resistance
Presence of the Force x2
Broken Concentration
Imperial Decree

Interrupts (14)
Twi'lek Advisor x5
Masterful Move x2
Monnok x3
Elis Helrot x2
Those Rebels Won't Escape Us x2

Strategy: 

If you haven't seen the original 'Imperial B&B' I suggest
you do, 'cuz I will be referring to it quite a bit.

Major changes:

a)No more Docking Bays
At first it sounded like a great idea because it allowed me
to deploy both my space and ground forces early (i.e starships
and AT-ATs).  However, since then I have tested it against operative
decks and the FD -1 just made my Docking Bays a waste of space. Instead
I have 2 new FD sites (Port Town+DT Plaza).  As for movement, I use Elis Helrot,
which is MUCH more efficent than docking bays. Use the monnoks to watch out
for anti-Elis cards (in particular, Quite A Mercenary).  And speaking of Monnok...

B)One extra Masterful Move.
Now that doesn't sound important, but it does do to main things:
a)it's an extra 6 destiny :-P
and b)it allows you to get that monnok faster.
Monnok is a very powerful card in this deck that allows you to sum up what your
opponent can do. If you see no space, then you can afford to leave that lone Dread
at Kiffex. If you see no Quite A Mercenary, feel free to use Elis...and you get the
picture.  Even if it's cancelled by, say, a sense, you know your opponent plays S&A.
Speaking of S&A...

C)No more Sense & Alter
Most threats of this deck can be cancelled or by-passed by other cards.  The Original
'I B&B' had S&A, but really had no chance in winning a true S&A war.  True, certain interrupts
and effects will get past you and will hurt (ex. Organized Attack or Manuvering Flaps).  But since
this deck is strong in both ground AND space, Monnok + some good judgement will allow you to make
these pains minimal.

D)Added effects.
Broken Concentration for Dagobah decks (although this deck was already strong against Dagobah).  BC
is also a great card in the late game when teamed up w/Battle Order to stop opponent's late draining.
Resistance was added to stop #s.  I originally thought that once my forces were out I could stop activation,
'n thus, #s, but to get those forces out required big activation, and the risk of losing the game before
I even get started was too great.  It also forces a #s deck to fight, which is definitely a good thing w/this deck.
BTW, here're some notes on starting effects:
Battle Order-against Ops
Security Precautions-against HB
Broken Concentration-against Dagobah
There Is No Try-against early high activation (i.e. Toschi decks and Y4 Revo decks)
*High activation almost always means early mains, so early S&A protection is good.
The 4 Twi'leks left will allow you to pick out any other key effects like Imperial Decree, Come Here You Big Coward, etc.

I leave you w/one final note...this is not necessarily about my deck but a response to the less notable decks in
decktech:

A DECK THAT RELIES ON BATTLE DAMAGE TO WIN OFTEN DOES NOT (except Frozen Assets/Draw Their Fire decks)
In almost all tournament winning decks I've seen, most damage is done by FORCE DRAINING.  You may have a force of 5 SDs at a location,
but if your opponent's smart enough (which s/he probably is), s/he'll allow you that one system while s/he drains you for about 8 somewhere
else.  Two main reasons for battling are:
A) to block an opponent's force drain
and B)to set up your own.
Battle damage can be cancelled so easily w/Ghhhk and Houjix. The strength of Operative/ISB decks is based on the idea that they can drain wo/worry of battle
damage.  Imperial B&B does fight very well, but notice that all my locations (except for DS) are FDs for 2.  So just keep in mind that Battle Damage is not a
great meal; it's just the icing on the cake.