---
layout: post
author: Walter "Walter" Cowart
title: 'Some Serious Abuse'
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-12-27
description: ! 'This deck utilizes gas miners for mass setup and immense force retrieval.Could this be the rumored almost-infinate broken loop?'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Quiet Mining Colony/
  Independant Operation

Locations9
Bespin
BespinCC
Clouds x3
CCWest Gallery (start)
CCLower Corridor
CCCarbonite Chamber
CCUpper Plaza Corridor

Device1
Landing Claw

Weapons2
X-Wing Laser Cannon

Ships8
RL in R1 x2
Red Squadron X-Wing x3
Z-95 Bespin Defense Fighter x3

Characters23
Gas Miner x9
Obi w/Saber
Luke w/Saber x2
Han w/Gun x2
Leia w/Gun
Chewie w/Gun
Wedge Antillies
Romas'lock'Navander
Lando w/Gun
Pucimer Thryss
Melas
Harc Seff

Effects8
Battle Plan
Descent into Dark
Traffic Control
Hiding in the Garbage
Goo Nee Tay
Wise Advice
Flash of Insight
Beldons Eye

Interrupts8
The Signal x4
On the Edge x2
Out of Comission
A Few Maneuvers '

Strategy: '

	 First I'll start with the deck as a whole.
The idea is to achieve maximum activation through the use of gas miners.  The mission in the early game therefore is to control BespinCC and to pull out all those clouds.  You can't use the activation skill of the gas miner until you control the CC sector.  With the release of ECC
there is now a predominant use of starfighters in the DS.  With that I came to the conclusion that
the X-Wing cannon would be most effective.  Whatch ot for the bus though.  Just about every effect is key.  That is why we almost always start
Wise Advice.  It's also why there are 4 Signals.
The only Effect that needs to be out ASAP is Beldons Eye.  That is,if you want to double your activation.

The combos that make this deck(or,What do I do w/ all that force?)

On the Edge x2+Flash of insight+Descent into Dark
+A Few Maneuvers or OOComission+(obviously a Rebel of ability>2)This combo essentially lets you retrieve your whole deck.  WarningThis is to be done as late game as possible(like your last 5-10 force).	(Scenario)You play the used 6 (or 5),
recycle it,play on the edge,(call 5,recycle the 1 force),draw 6, retrieve 5 cards,activate till the 6 is on top(if there are more cards under the 6 draw it<Flash of Insight>and activate what left of the reserve deck,play the 6 again,recycle it,
play On the Edge(again),call 5 ,draw 6,retrieve 5,
recycle,activate till the used 6 or On the Edge is on top then draw it w/Flash of Insight(you need them both),activate the rest of deck and repeat. So whats wrong w/ this?  Too card intensive,not really because once you activate your deck you can search for the appropriate cards w/ hiding in the garbage. Besides,this is meant for late game therefore you have time to accumulate the right cards.  Secret Plans only means that you need that much more miners.

Out of Comission+Descent into Dark+ Hiding
in the garbage Activate your whole deck,play OOC,
recycle it,activate OOC ,call interrupt,draw it,
Play it, repeat until lost pile empty.	One way to use this effectively is to watch for a Vader to Go to the lost pile,OOC the lost pile to death
=no more playing Vader, no more flipped Hunt Down.
  But what about grabbers?  They sould already of
been used or lost by the time these combos are used.(I was gonna try to use radar scanners and those devices that go on vehicles<cloud car> to enhance radar scanner e.g.move an additional Effect<grabber> or interrupt to used pile but I decided not.

Besides the above the deck is fully capable of making a maelstrom type beatdown and draining largely on CC.

vs.Hunt Downsee Out of Comission strategy. Watch as Visage hurts them more than you.

vs.Ops(any)Get Battle plan out Quick or start w/it if you don't fear SAC. The big beatdown should end this. Romas'lock'Navander is a god.

vs.any DS CCtough game? Not Really,just hide in the 1/0 site,run away in early game and control CC.

vs.TIE's(sienar)Out of Comission Hahahahahahaha

vs.Big BlueDrain Drain Drain

vs. anything elseNot much else I can think of that would be a problem.

In conclusion,this deck takes some practice to play(alot)but for the time being will be suprising.I welcome any comments and Ideas and will continue to modify this deck.

Walter Cowart

'