---
layout: post
author: ! Andrew "Ardon Crell" Moss
title: ! 'Big Bad Blue Tatooine Occupation'
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-08-24
description: ! 'The main point of this deck is to completely spread out on Tatooine, causing damage from drains and Tatooine Occupation.  If the opponent does come down, I react everywhere with my AT-ST's.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations(12)
Tatooine (starting)
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Tatooine Lar's Moisture Farm
Tatooine Tusken Canyon
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Tatooine Krayt Dragon Pass
Tatooine Desert x3
Endor
Kashyyyk

Characters(18)
Admiral Ozzel
Captain Lennox
Chief Bast
Commander Brandei
Commander Igar
Commander Nemet
DS-61-2
DS-61-4
General Veers
Lieutenant Arnet
Lieutenant Cabbel
Lieutenant Grond
Lieutenant Tanbris
Lieutenant Watts
Officer Evax
AT-ST Pilot x3

Vehicles(12)
Blizzard 1
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1
Blizzard Walker x2
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 4
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6

Starships(6)
Executor
Avenger
Devastator
Thunderflare
Tyrant
Bossk In Hound's Tooth

Weapons(1)
AT-ST Dual Cannon

Interrupts(4)
Combat Readiness
Twi'lek Advisor x3

Effects(6)
Tatooine Occupation
Imperial Arrest Order
Empire's New Order
Presence Of The Force x2
Reactor Terminal'

Strategy: '

  In my honest opinon, this has to be one of the best decks that I have ever made for the DS and it doesn't even include one Vader or one Tarkin.	Anyway, you start with Tatooine and Imperial Arrest Order.  This makes all the characters in your deck at least forfeit 5, if not more.  The only exception to this would be if the opponent started with Yavin IV Throne Room or played Operatives.  In this case, I would then pull out Jabba's Palace for protection against Revolution for the Force Denial deck and Battle Order against the Operative deck.  After that pick up for around two turns.  You should get enough locations out then to be able to start deploying the big guns in mass.  I usually like to have a Walker at each site which drains for 2 or more.  Then I have around 2-3 AT-ST's with pilots so that I can drain and react around wherever the opponent goes.  By midgame I pull out Tatooine Occuption and make the opponent lose around 5 force each turn, not including my drains.  Incase the opponent does not play space at all, I included 2 planets where I drain for 2 and my Star Destroyers can still move around.  Here the individual strategies I employ against the hot decks out right now.

Force Denial-  As I said before, I would start with Jabba's Palace and maybe draw for one extra turn to help me get out my locations.	To be honest this deck does not hurt me as much as most other decks because of the massive amount of locations in this deck.  After I start to generate enough force to do something, I employ my general strategy mentioned above.

EPP Main Beatdown-  I always love playing against this kind of deck because of the amount of battles involved.	I really I am not afraid of this deck because all of my Imperials are high forfeit and protected from EPP weapons while inside the vehicle.  Unlike against other decks, I usually bunch my forces up more than other times because of the chance that a beat down can get through.

Hidden Base- Try to get down some quick force drains as soon as possible before the opponent has a chance to flip.  However, once he does, deploy some Star Destroyers with pilots to soak attrition and battle damage and go and probe until the deck is found.  Once found, try and get out Tatooine Occupation, although it is sometimes impossible against an X-Wing Swarm deck.  Just get out as many force drains early on as possible and you should be ok.

Operatives- Start with Battle Plan as mentioned above.	Get out Tatooine Occupation as soon as possible to counter the Force drain -1 gametext.  If worse comes to worse, goto the Operative planet with a couple vehicles to block some drains, but this should only be a last resort.

Thanks for your time'