---
layout: post
author: ! Jonathan "Soma" Morse
title: ! 'Vicious Rumors'
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-09-06
description: ! 'This deck uses the Endor objective to get out good early activation and Ominous rumors.  It never flips, but instead uses the two sites to add drains in space and work Battle Order, and has enough power to take on anything.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective	1
Endor Operations

Locations  9
Endor
Endor DB
Endor Bunker
Kiffex
Kashyyyk
Hoth
Fondor
Kessel
Death Star

Characters  14
Sith Vader
Darth Vader x2
Tarkin x2
Ozzel
Cabbel
Motti
DS 61 2
DS 61 3
Evax
J'Quille
Fozec
U3PO

Blue  11
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1
Bossk in HT
Thunderflare
Devastator
Avenger
Vader's Shuttle
Dreadnought x3
Executor

Effects  14
Lateral Damage x2
Reactor Terminal
There'll be Hell
Secret Plans
Resistance
There is no Try
IAOrder
Battle Order
Undercover x2
Ominous Rumors
Imp Decree
Sec Prec

Interrupts  11
Ghhhk
Monnok x2
Masterful Move
Gravity Shadow x2
Surface Defense (SI)
Twi Lek x2
I Have You Now x2
'

Strategy: '

Vicious Rumors takes advantage of the Endor Objective by starting with good activation.  It gets out the Endor System, which is just about the best dark system around, and a great place for dark space.  I pull out Ominous Rumors first turn and deploy it.  It will never be cancelled, since I do not play any more endor sites.  All I have to do is OCCUPY the two endor sites that are down and I can drain +2 at two other systems, which is HUGE  I have in many other systems to get dark space rolling.  I have in a lot of ground power so I can occupy those two ground sites.  I get so distracted by people doing things on other planets, so I included U3PO, J'Quille, and Fozec and two undercovers so that I can concentrate on my strategy, and not worry about their drains.  Starting with Surface Defense is awesome because it hurts SAC from the very beginning, helps against numbers, and slows their retreival.  The monnok/ghhhk/masterful move combo is awesome.  I have decided that every single dark deck can benefit from one ghhk, and MM helps me get it out, as well as cancel Savrip.  Also, the two Lateral Damages and two Gravity Shadows are not to be underestimated.  No one ever sees it coming, and it can end a game in one shot.  You Lateral Damage, they try to run away, and when they do, you hit them for a 20 force loss.	The two I Have You Now's are great, especially with Old School Vader.	I can easily pull off Decree, and Battle Order is a breeze.  Lots of ships and IAOrder to beef up the pilots is great, and I have in Sec Prec for HB, and a Hell to Pay to catch Organized Attack, On the Edge, or any other pesky interrupt.  This deck can take on anything in battle, and still get good drains, while stopping their drains with spies.    '