---
author: Michael "fire451390" Regina
title: ' Final-Mind What You Have Manipulated'
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-10-05
description: 'Ok here is the final result of what I see this deck being able to get to.  Thanks to those who gave help in getting it where I think I may have it down now.  To those who haven't seen it, use Shasa Teil on Dagobah to manipulate the opponent to death.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting:
Mind What You Have Learned
Dagobah
The Signal

Locations:
Yoda's Hut
Jedi Training Area
Carbonite Chamber
Lower Corridor
Cantina

Characters:
3x Shasa Tiel
3x Luke EPP
2x Obi Wan EPP
2x Leia EPP
Yoda
Han EPP
Chewbacca
Twass Khaa
Oola
Corporal Beezer
Harc Seff
2x Bothan Spy

Blue:
GL in G1
RL in R1
Spiral
Tantive IV

Test:
Great Warrior

Effects:
The Planet
Goo Nee Tay
Traffic Control
Scrambeled Transmission
Battle Plan
Order To Engage
Draw Their Fire
Insurrection

Interupts:
3x Grimtash
3x Visored Vision
2x Dont Forget The Droids
2x Sorry About The Mess
2x Noble Sacrifice
2x Signal
2x Shocking Information
2x Clash Of Sabers
2x Courage Of A Skywalker



Strategy: 

Ok now to improve on the extremely poor explaination of the second version of this little mind bender.

Start:
You start off with MWYHL.  You only use this to do two things 1. get Yoda early, 2. get SAC protection.  The only effects that are really used to start with are Battle Plan and Goo Nee Tay.
Against any deck other than Hunt Down start Battle PLan. Even though you really cann't pull it off, it helps out with getting those cards you don't want the opponent to have back in the reserve deck and you can pull it off later if you have to.

Early Game Strategy:
You want to start off by getting Trying to get Shasa in hand while deploying sites from reserve deck.  Once you have gotten her, which doesnt take long with three of her and you being able to see where she is, deploy her using jedi test one to the hut with Yoda.	You really dont need to pull off test one so don't try and do it, you just want your manipulation guarded.
Once you have pulled this little trick off make sure you save three force every turn to screw up the opponents force pile and alter what the get to draw.  Also as with all of my lightside decks remember to take use of Yoda's ability to reduce attrition, it'll save you kester later I promise.

Major Deck Strategy:

Hunt Down:
Manipulate and try and keep Vader from the table as long as possible.  Once he is down try and stay away from him.  Even though you have duel protection you dont want to risk losing someone good.  Try and get a Bothan Spy and another character to the Holotheatre to cancel Visage as soon as possible.  Use oola if needed to screw over the deck a little more if needed.  Other than those small things beat up on the other crew over characters.

Drazin Freeze;
Give up Beezer and try and get Noble Sac off as soon as possible.  Manipulate what you can to keep them slowed down while you search for a good spot to put the whoopin'.  Battle as much as you can to when the game while useing Harc seff and Oola to help keep the the odds in your favor.

Ops:
once you have gotten set up work with the operatives the most when manipulating.  If you have a grimtash clump the ops together so you can hit a few of them at a time otherwise just keep them on the top so they have a chance of being recirculated.  Get planet out when you feel safe to use it to slow down the opponent.  Also get out Order to ngage and Harc Seff with a beatdown crew to continue the beatn.	This type of deck gives ops hell I had one locked down really well in the tourney I used this in.

Space;
This will be the biggest challenge.  But not much of one surprisingly.	I have out drained many a space deck with this sort of set up and with the manipulation it just gets easier.

ISB: Usually I cringe at this deck, but not with this thing.  Oola is pure murder to this deck.

Single Card Notes:
Insurrection- this works well with deck because all of the drain sites chosen are interior.  Doent do a lot for the forfit part though.

Oola; keep her with a beat down crew as she will be a easy target.

Clash of Sabers; Ah my favorite lightside card.  This card you can use in any of the functions but use it to mainly cause a beaten.

well that's about all i can think of so this will be th final version of this deck unless I have a major idea.  ENJOY!!!
