---
layout: post
author: ! Ryan "XjedeyeX" Fojtik
title: ! 'Pretty Pretty Princess'
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-08-23
description: ! 'Use Death Star Plans, Spys, and Mains with Sabers to smack down characters so they dont come back.. rescue the whench as fast as possible'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start (8)
Rescue the Princess
DSDetention Block Corridor
DSDocking Bay
Y4Massasi War Room
Y4Docking Bay
Princess Organa
The Signal
Wise Advice

Locations (6)
Kessel
TatooineCantina
Cloud CityLower Corridor
Cloud CityCarbonite Chamber
Y4Messasi Ruins
Y4Messasi Headquarters

Vehicles(2)
Lift Tube x2

Characters (19)
Obiwan w/lightsaber x2
Luke w/lightsaber x2
Han w/blaster x2
Chewbacca
Orrimarko
Melaas
Bo Shek
Kal Fal Cndros
Biggs Darklighter
Derek 'Hobbie' Klivian
Jeroem Webb
Commander Vandeen Willard
8D8
Bothan Spy x3

Starships(5)
Millenium Falcon
Tantive IV
Spiral
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1

Interrupts (9)
Twi lek Advisor x2
Im Here To Rescue You x3
Shocking Information
Clash Of Sabers
Glancing Blow
Courage Of a Skywalker

Effects (11)
Insurrection
Bacta Tank
Battle Plan
Death Star Plans x3
Whatre You Tryin to Push on Us
Do or Do Not
Reflection
Traffic Control
Ultimatum

'

Strategy: '

Ok, this is my shot at a rescue the princess deck based on a couple versions that ive seen in here and the version my brother plays that is slightly more retreival based (uses baragwins and On the Edge with tracked destinies), except that this one is a little bit better shored up than the other ones against the more popular kinds of decks.. first of all, this deck succeeds based on  when its flipped, the opponents characters are removed from the game, never to come back.. so against the drazin engine, bye drazin, against Vader+Tarkin, one EPP saber, and you never have to worry about vader again, add in the +2 to attrition EVERYWHERE, and the high overall destiny of the deck, especially in the late game, and youve got things dying all over the place.. when you fight in space, track a couple 6s, and they lose 14 from the site every turn, when youre on the ground, saber and shoot everything while keeping the bacta tank up and running... included is protection from duels in the form of high destiny (track 2 6s and watch vader go bye bye) and the standard anti cards (glancing blow and courage) thatll ensure that you win and they lose in the duel.. the drain potential is a little shaky, but the retreival with death star plans (immune to alter with a bothan spy who cant be choked in a lift tube) makes that slightly moot.. possible additions for the local meta would be surprise assault and a few controls... other than that, it plays like a mains deck that uses spys to get leia, uses leia to get reflection, and bothan spys to retreive en masse.. and when i think about it, id probably remove jeroem webb for Ooola if i took this to a tournament.. other than that, its got protection against manipulation, numbers, dueling, and DS space.. its got heavy retreival, EPPs mass characters, spys against visage, and all kinds of fun stuff.. '