---
layout: post
author: Sock "SockMan" Man
title: 'The Rebellion Battallion'
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-12-13
description: 'This is a Light Side beatdown deck, pure and simple.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Locations: (10)
1x Tatooine: Tosche Station
1x Tatooine: Obi's Hut
1x Tatooine: Jundland Wastes
1x Tatooine: Cantina
1x Endor: Back Door
1x Endor: Bunker
1x CC: Lower Corridor
1x CC: Carbonite Chamber
1x Kessel
1x Endor

Characters: (17)
3x Ben Kenobi
2x EPP Luke
2x EPP Han
2x EPP Leia
1x Momaw Nadon
1x Jeroen Webb
1x Wedge Antilles
1x Pucumir Thryss
1x Orimaarko
1x Tawss Khaa
1x Melas
1x R-3PO

Weapons/Devices: (1)
1x Obi's Stick

Starships/Vehicles: (4)
1x Red Leader in Red 1
1x Gold Leader in Gold 1
2x Lando in Falcon

Effects: (13)
1x Scrambled Transmission
1x Aim High
2x Frozen Assets
1x Bacta Tank
1x Battle Plan
1x Wise Advice
1x Draw Their Fire
1x Goo Nee Tay
1x Mantellian Savrip
1x Traffic Control
2x What're You Trying To Push On Us

Interrupts: (15)
2x Don't Forget The Droids
1x Careful Planning
1x The Signal
2x Nabrun Leids
2x Grimtaash
2x Glancing Blow
1x Courage of a Skywalker
1x Smoke Screen
3x It Could Be Worse




Strategy: 

Basic Strategy: Start Obi's Hut, and if the opponent is playing nothing that requires some counter measures, start Careful Planning and Tosche Station.

Vs. HDADTJ: Start Goo Nee Tay. Anti-duel stuff is Courage of a Skywalker + Glancing Blow. Use the spies (Momaw Nadon + Jeroen Webb) to cancel Visage if it's left undefended. Try to get out Wise Advice quick if they are playing SAC.

Vs. Drazin/CCT: Start Scrambled Transmisson to slow them down. Give them Wedge or Jeroen Webb to start. Try to deploy stuff quickly to avoid Scanning Crew, in my environment, no one plays Scannign crew, so you may want to sub 2 Shocking Info's for Grimtaash's or It Could Be Worse. Use your spies to pop into the Security Tower for a nice surprise :)

Vs. TIE Swarm, or Asteroid Tech: Try to out-drain them on the ground. Tackle the weakest space force, and grapple Short Range Fighters or All Power to Weapons. Savrip and Bacta Tank will also help here.

Vs. Big Blue: See above strategy for TIE's, also may want to sub in Socking Info's if Big Blue is prominent in your environment.

Vs. Ops: Start Battle Plan, then commence beats on their weakest locations. It Could Be Worse will also slow them down.

Misc.: That's all I can really think of, if the opponent is playing with the ECC Objective, try and control Bespin system, maybe sub in Surreptious Glance for Grimtaash's if you know people will be playing this deck archetype. Also try to beat them down, and gain some CC control before they can drop Dark Deal.  