---
author: Michael "Joz" Josem
title: 'Barry'
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-10-15
description: 'G'day,Here's a very competitive deck, even though it uses B-Wings.Beatdown and drain in space.  Simple!'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

b-wings.deck - Fri Oct 15 17:05:06 1999


Locations (11)
Dagobah
Kiffex
Bespin
Tatooine
Rendezvous Point  x3
Coruscant
Kessel
Roche
Tibrin

Starships (15)
Red Leader In Red 1
Gold Leader In Gold 1
B-wing Attack Fighter  x13

Interrupts (15)
It's a Hit!  x2
Steady Aim  x2
Control  x2
Surprise Assault  x3
Power Pivot  x2
The Signal  x4

Effects (12)
Docking And Repair Facilities
Rebel Fleet
S-Foils  x2
Slayn & Korpil Facilities
The Planet That It's Farthest From
Ultimatum
Projection Of A Skywalker  x2
Yarna d'al' Gargan
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?  x2

Weapons (6)
Intruder Missile  x6

Objective:
Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip Through Your Fingers


Strategy: 

<h1> B-Wings </h1>
<h2>Beat-down and drain in Space.</h2>

<h3>Here's a basic list of strategies:</h3>
Firstly, you'd be concerned about Battle Order.  This is not a problem.  Since the Dark Side will not be able to keep starships alive, they will not be able to maintain a presence at a system.  This is done by shooting their starships, and B-Wings are power 6 each w/ S-Foils.  Basically, if they deploy, for example, 2 Dreadnaughts together to satisfy BO, you deploy 2 or 3 B-Wings, an Intruder Missile from reserve (courtesy of Slayn + Korpil), and another IM from hand.  Given that the average destiny of the deck after the flip (all locations deployed from reserve, and starting cards taken out as well) is 3.9, you have a 43% chance of hitting a dreadnaught (46 cards remaining, 7 fours, 7fives and 6 sevens all hit, because B-Wings add 1 to their weapon destiny).  In reality, this would be higher, since you can track destiny, but lets take that figure for a moment.  67% of the time, therefore, you should hit one.  Through the use of Steady Aim, you can raise that significantly higher, and the DS would normally forfeit the other dreadnaught as well, fearing a bigger beatdown next turn (which is very, very possible with so many B-Wings).	Within a few turns, the DS should be out of starships.	Security Precautions is ineffective as you just shoot their capitals to bits.

vs. Ops - The Planet Its Farthest From will significantly reduce their drains, and after the use of HB and It's a Hit to cancel 3 drains per turn, the other 3 drains of one are easy to deal with, especially using Counter Assault (remember avg. destiny is over 3.9) and Tibrin to retrieve it.  You can always play Counter Assault on their first drain as well.

vs. Drazin - The lack of any characters in the deck will prevent the Drazin engine from even starting, and they will be unable to pull the AC from reserve.  Also, the destruction from the Drazin engine is far more significant than 3 force per turn - It also prevents the recurring Bus/Lateral Damage combo, and given that Drazin decks rarely have more than 3 or 4 starships for this very reason, they will die quickly.

vs. HDADTJ - The DS will be unable to counter assault power 6 B-Wings, nor duel Luke or Obi ('cause they're not in the deck).  One possible modification might be to include Transmission Terminateds, but HDADTJ is not very prevalent in my area - You should always modify decks to your own meta.  The drains should outweigh the damage from HDADTJ, and the lack of battleground sites should make it significantly harder for the DS to flip the objective.

vs. Executor - Power Pivot = big beatdown on this thing.  If you deploy 2 Intruder Missiles at a single location, firing both, using Steady Aim and destiny rigging will complete the destruction.  You should be able to see a single B-Wing take out the Executor very easily indeed.

Consequently, since the Dark Side is never able to gain a foothold in space, your drains of 3, 3, and 2 represent better drains for the three force (from Battle Order) than the DS's drains which are reduced through POAS, It's a Hit, Hidden Base, Counter Assault and Rebel Fleet.

Before you wonder about the absence of cards:
a) Houjix.  Since B-Wings absorb the first 10 points of power (power + forfeit) each, you should not get beat down very often.	Apart from anything else, a lone B-Wing can often entice a lone dreadnaught or a Bus earlier than otherwise.  And we all know what happens to those things...

b) Endor system.  It give the DS too much force, and you only get a drain for one from it.  The movement bonus is not significant because you are able to activate so much anyway.

c) SAC.  Most of the cards are SAC resistant, and you are always able to use Tibrin to retrieve the cards for re-use.  If you feel SAC is very common in your area, whack in a Do Or Don't.

d) Most of the card selections are based upon my local meta.  For example, Dark Deal is relatively common, so the Bespin system is included.  If you're the only person who owns more than one Dark Deal in your play group, you could easily drop this (but since Drazin is so popular, this precludes Dark Deal anyway, as real Drazin decks don't intend to flip, and therefore can't use Dark Deal)

e) The 3xRendezvous Point just denotes to add in 2 hidden base markers of your choice.

f) Go ahead, and make a review!  (and give it lots of stars too!)
