---
author: Johan "Johan" van der Meer
title: 'Break It Down!'
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-11-25
description: 'Win by catching your opponent off guard when you attack with a task force that costs almost no force to deploy! Retrieve force each battle.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (8)
Carbon Chamber Testing/My Favorite Decoration
Cloud City: Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City: Security Tower
Carbonite Chamber Console
Surface Defense
There Is No Try
Secret Plans
Resistance

Characters (27)
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Brangus Glee
Zuckuss
Boelo
Jabba  x2
J'Quille
Outer Rim Scout  x2
IG-88 With Riot Gun
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle
Nizuc Bek
Rystall
Ak-rev	x2
Barquin D'an
Dodo Bodonawieedo
Greeata  x2
Lirin Car'n
Lyn Me
Kithaba
Rappertunie
Sy Snootles
Tech Mo'r
Umpass Stay x2

Starships (5)
Jabba's Space Cruiser
Dengar In Punishing One
Boba Fett In Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Mist Hunter

Locations (4)
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94
Cloud City: Port Town District

Interrupts (7)
Elis Helrot  x2
Oo-ta Goo-ta, Solo?
Stunning Leader
Twi'lek Advisor  x2
Unexpected Interruption

Effects (9)
Ability, Ability, Ability
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward!
First Strike
Presence Of The Force
Scum And Villainy  x2
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay 

Strategy: 

*** Check out the newer version: Supersounds of the '70 ***

When you play musicians, Carbon Chamber Testing simply is the only way to go. It gets the Audience Chamber for you, and you can start with Surface Defense to get out the 3 protective effects. Replace CHYBC with Search&Destroy and Oota with Tarkin's Orders (latest improvements)

What makes this deck tick is getting S&V out and Greeata on your Audience Chamber, so your musicians are deploy -2, forfeit +3 everywhere, AND you retrieve 2 force each battle.

There are 13 musicians:
Ak-Rev. Gets musicians from reserve to hand. Substracts 1 attrition.
Umpass-Stay. Gives power +2 to all other musicians and some immunity.
Greaata. deploy -1, forfeit +3 to all musicians. Gets Rodians from reserve to hand.
Dodo Bodonawieedo. A Rodian.
Lyn Me. Reduces opponents power and bounty hunter deploy cost (Boba is free)
Sy Snootles. Gets J'Quile from reserve to same site.
Kithaba. Power 7 vs Obi. 6 vs Luke.
Barquin D'an. Initiates wagers
Rystall retrieves force and makes somone forfeit=0.
Tech M'or. He's Tech.
Rappertunie. Power 3 and makes someone power=0.
Lirin Car'n. Increases character deploy.
Yuzzum. Ugly. Good on Endor, though, but stinks elsewhere so he isn't in here,


Against Mains&Toys (Tosche, Fake HB, Test No.2)

Get Audience chamber with S&V, Jabba, Ak-Rev, Greeata. Seal it off with Lirin Car'n. Make them deploy their characters with AAA. Then beat them up with the musicians for heavy battle damage. You're going to need Elis Helrot. I have yet to see a dedicated Mains&Toys deck with Insurrection.


Hidden Base with Xwings, other ships, Kessel Run etc....

Get Audience chamber with S&V, Greeata, Ak-Rev. Get Battle Plan and then Sec Precautions. Just load up your ships with ORS, Zuckuss or Brangus and musicians who are now the perfect forfeit fodder. Search&Destroy is nice here. Probe after the flip. If Obi or Luke (or both...) are deployed, use musicians to do some heavy battle damage.


Occupation/Liberation

Well, get Audience chamber with S&V and Greeata, Ak-Rev and just battle them away right from the start. Make 2 or 3 battle-parties, exclude/move along the ops, it doesn't matter if the battledamage is houjixed because all you care about is to battle plenty and often and thereby retrieve force each battle and wipe sites clean every battle.


There's alot of 'tech' in here (the 2 drain-2 sites where aliens are power +1 at, Brangus is Mr. Cantina and can excange docking bay for card in lost pile, EPP Boba with Jabba for 2 bd, Stunning Leader vs Luke, Obi, Han, Chewie at an interior site, Tarkins Orders, the ECC Droids, Jabba in his Space Cruiser to name a few things. But S&V and First Strike both on table is just awesome.  