---
layout: post
author: Peter "martian" Hall
title: 'Endor Teaming with Scouts'
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-12-16
description: ! 'Yes, it's a Rebel Strike Team Deck.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'
Objective
Rebel Strike Team/Garrison Dstroyed

Locations (8)
Endor
Endor Back Door
Endor Dense Forest
Endor Great Forest
Endor Hidden Forest Trail
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Endor Rebel Landing Site (Forest)
Forest

Carachters (24)
Corporal Beezer
Corporal Delevar
Corporal Kensaric
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk  x2
Daughter of Skywalker  x2
General Solo  x2
Harc Seff
Ithorian  x3
Luke With Lightsaber  x3
Obi-Wan Kenobi	x2
Orrimaarko
Sergeant Brooks Carlson
Seargant Bruckman
Wuta  x2

Weapons (2)
Anakin's Lightsaber
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber

Starships/Vehicles (4)
Millennium Falcon  x2
Spiral
Tantive IV

Effects (6)
Civil Disorder
Do, Or Do Not
Scrambled Transmission
Traffic Control
Ultimatum
What Are You Trying to Push On Us?

Interrupts (15)
Balanced Attack  x2
Courage of a Skywalker
Dash  x3
Don't Tread On Me (start)
Endor Celebration
Gift Of The Mentor  x2
I Know
Life Debt
Noble Sacrifice
Shocking Information x2

'

Strategy: '

I was looking at LS Endor decks in the Archive today.  I found that there were only a handful posted, and that the best one had recieved only 2 1/2 stars (if I remeber correctly).  So, I attempted to make a better one.  The basic strategt is to have your mains 'team up.'	Obi & Luke can go harass the opponent elsewhere, or they can defend Endor.  Han/Chewie can hop in the Falcon to cause some damage in Space, or they can stay on the ground with Leia.  Balanced Atack lets you pull Obi or Han -- very handy.  Use Wuta to get your sites (Chewie can fetch him from reserve.)	Spread out and use Dash to react if necessary.	The Don't Tread on Me start does three things

-Lets you look for a Shocker every turn, which helps you find the specific cards you need.
-Keeps them from Sensing all of the nifty Interrupts - there's a bunch of them.
-Provides Numbers protection (duh).

Here's how to play it vs. specific decks

vs.  Hunt Down - Try to flip w/o Obi or Luke.  Once you are flipped, your Epic Event destiny draws are +2, so dueling will be very risky for the DS.  Courage also helps.  Civil Disorder will hurt most Hun Down decks.

vs.  Ralltiir Ops - They will have to come to Endor, since they don't have much drain potential, and the -1 doesn't apply.  You should be able to hold down Endor easily, as they will have to keep guys back on Ralltiir.  If they leave Ralltiir weakly defended, go after them.

vs.  Endor Ops/Ominous Rumours - Annoy them with Han and Chewie in Space, try to cancel Ominous Rumors (if this deck can't do that, then I made some serious mistakes while designing it)

vs.  TDIGWATT - Ultimatum will cap your losses from DD-enhanced drains.  Look for Endor Celebration to cancel CC Occupation.  If they only have 3 sites covered, then they will only be able to drain for 6/turn.  If they spread out more, then they leave themselves open to an invasion by Luke/Obi.  Harc Seff helps, too, if you can get him down with Obi/Luke.

vs.  ISB - Use Luke & Obi (seperately or together, depending on how spread out they are) to clear sites.  Flip quickly to set up the big drains.

vs. Ops - Not going to be easy.  Check to see if Harc is in your force pile every turn.  Try to get him down to their planet with backup.  If you can convert their forest, you might be able to hold it for a while.

Any feedback will be appreciated.  Do you think it would be better to use Endor Scout Troopers with Rapid Deploymet rather than unique Rebels with Insurrection?  Are clouds on Endor viable? (I would have to say no, but you can try to change my mind.)  Is it worth the card slots to blow the bunker?  '