---
layout: post
author: ! Douglas "Douglas" Harvilla
title: ! "HBX The High Frontier"
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-10-29
description: ! '  This is the Hidden Base deck which qualified me for the Endor Regional, and then collected dust while I waited for someone to hold a non-prelim tourney.  Some minor changes after Endor made it a little more effective.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip Through Your Fingers

Locations (11)
Indicator 1 (duplicate of one system)
Indicator 2 (duplicate of another)
Rendezvous Point
Dagobah
Dagobah Swamp
Coruscant
Kessel
Kiffex
Tatooine
Ralltir
Bespin
Endor
Tibrin

Characters (6)
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber x 2
Luke With Lightsaber x 2
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Tawss Khaa

Starships (16)
X-Wing x 16

Interrupts (16)
The Signal x 3
Houjix x 3
Organized Attack x 3
It's A Hit x 2
All Wings Report In x 2
It Could Be Worse
Out Of Nowhere x 2

Effects (8)
The Planet That It's Farthest From
Draw Their Fire
Yarna d'al'Gargan
Docking And Repair Facilities
S-Foils
Rebel Fleet
Traffic Control
Ultimatum

  Start with Yarna d'al Gargan to protect those X-Wings.  It should be pretty easy to make it immune to Alter early in the game, by dropping two X-Wings for free at the Rendezvous Point, moving one to Endor for free, and the other to Bespin, Tatooine, or Kessel for 1 force.  This can be done on the first turn if you are expecting to see Alter and Monnok.
  As the early game progresses, don't pay more than you must for an X-Wing.  Getting an X-Wing to most systems in here only requires 1 force, since they deploy free to the RP and can move for 1 force.  Endor makes it even cheaper to spread out, by allowing the X-Wing to move free to Endor, and then for 1 force to Ralltir.  Remember, every force saved is a card you get to draw.
  By this time, if you are facing an ISB Ops deck or similar high-drain swarm, you should be able to play The Signal and get The Planet That It's Farthest From or Draw Their Fire.  Start dropping EPP mains to go smack the bad guys around.
  Out Of Nowhere and Houjix help keep the losses down and bite back when the Imperial Navy shows up.  Fight back with S-Foils, Organized Attack, and your X-Wings, or just run away.
  Tibrin can keep those EPP mains coming back for a second or third helping of Outer Rim Scout liver with some fava beans and a nice chianti (slurp slurp), and when the decision is no longer in doubt, you can get back a ton of cards.
  Put the last of your X-Wings in orbit, play All Wings Report In to retrieve a bunch of force.  Then, while keeping your opponent from draining, move most of your X-Wings to Dagobah.  Your opponent cannot draw up while you are flipped, so you are free to land those X-Wings at the DagobahSwamp and 'sink' them to the Used Pile.
  And what exactly is the point of having two indicators?  Well, it seemed to me an entire evening could be ruined if the first person I played in a tourney exclaimed 'It's Bespin?  On the first try?' for all to hear.	Or if my opponent whispered the name of my hidden base to a friend.  So put in two copies of two different systems, and use a different one for the rest of the tournament if someone lets the cat out of the bag.
  This is a very good deck to test against if you are concerned about your Dark Side deck's effectiveness against Hidden Base.

  Douglas


'

Strategy: '

	Apparently, I entered the strategy stuff in the deck list part of the submission.  Oh well.  Enjoy.'