---
layout: post
author: ! Norman "Norman" Horn
title: ! "Mind What You Have Learned + Brentson/s Beats"
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-11-20
description: ! 'A MWYHL Brentson's Beats variation.	It hasn't been playtested much.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'BrentsBeatsMWYHL.deck - Sat Nov 20 082144 1999


Unknown Type
Dagobah
Dagobah Bog Clearing
Dagobah Swamp
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Obi-Wan's Hut

Characters (14)
Chewbacca
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Jeroen Webb
Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2
Luke With Lightsaber  x2
Moisture Farmer
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x2
Orrimaarko
Yoda
Yoxgit

Starships (4)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Millennium Falcon
Red Leader In Red 1
Spiral

Interrupts (20)
Courage Of A Skywalker
Don't Forget The Droids  x2
Don't Get Cocky
Gift Of The Mentor
Glancing Blow
I Know
Jedi Presence
Life Debt
Nabrun Leids  x2
Shocking Information  x2
Skywalkers
The Signal  x2
Tunnel Vision  x4

Effects (11)
Battle Plan
Beggar	x3
Descent Into The Dark
Draw Their Fire  x2
Order To Engage
The Planet That It's Farthest From
Traffic Control
Wars Not Make One Great

Devices (2)
Landing Claw  x2

Unknown Type
Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can '

Strategy: '

**Before that wacko guy came and put half stars on all my decks this was a 4 star.**

I don’t know what the blazes the Farmer is in here for, it probably was an error I made on deckmaker.  Replace with your favorite character.

This is a fairly standard Brentson’s Beats, but it uses Mind What You Have Learned.  My reasoning Sense/Alter protection that is more sure than just a Wise Advice (I know it won’t be perfect, but it is better in this situation in my opinion); gets the Muppet out faster for pretty good attrition protection.

The basic gist of the deck is to hit them hard-- real hard-- with all your mains, destiny adders, and a Draw Their Fire/Beggar Combo. You get this combo by quick activation, drawing, searching, and Tunnel Vision.  You prevent damage by using Yoxgit + Landing Claws, Battle Plan + Wars Not Make 1 Great, and TPTIFF, and that should stall for enough time to gather the combo.  BTW be very careful where you put Yoxgit, you don’t want to get beaten down yourself  It would be cool to put in JT1 and Training area to get him on Dagobah safely, and a Figrin for a little retrieval and destiny setting would be a neat addition.  Anyway, you get your stuff, deploy en mass, DTF them into not using interrupts, BEAT DOWN  Then Nabrun and do it all over again if they actually survived...

Here’s what I would do against dominant decks.

Hunt Down-- Unless they aren’t playing with Dueling, don’t deploy Luke or Ben till you have at least a Glancing Blow or a Courage.  The exception is when you know you can take them out in one battle and you can eliminate the threat of Elis with Beggar.	If you can’t find the duel protection, you can also just deploy Chewie +Han and use Life Debt instead, where they don’t have many characters.

Ops-- You have a choice, if they are using a planet of parsec less than 5 (eg Corulag, Eriadu, etc) start with TPTIFF, then they can’t cancel it very quickly.  If it is 5 or more, start Battle Plan.  I don’t think you should have a problem against Ops, but be careful to make sure to use DTF.

ISB-- Start Battle Plan and be patient.  You must be careful to not lose stuff carelessly, because you will probably need it.  If Occupations are killing you, deploy more quickly and hurt them as much as you can.

Big Blue-- Start either Battle Plan or Draw Their Fire.  I would usually go with BP just in case they are using a dedicated TIE deck.  Use your LC’s to their greatest extent, and beat down those Walkers

Anything else-- Usually start Battle Plan unless you have a very good reason otherwise.  Have fun, and beat ’em down

~Norman
'