---
layout: post
author: ! Lee "Terron" Edwards
title: ! "The Way Spread and Drain SHOULD Be"
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-11-19
description: ! 'Yes Spread and Drain has taken a big hit, but is it dead? I don't think so.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Objectives (1)
ISB Operations/Empire's Sinister Agents

Locations (20)
Coruscant
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Cloud City Port Town District
Cloud City East Platform (Docking Bay)
Dagobah Cave x2
Endor Back Door
Endor Dark Forest
Endor Ewok Village
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Judland Wastes
Tatooine Tusken Canyon
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Hoth Defensive Perimeter
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Spaceport Docking Bay x3

Characters (19)
5D6-RA-7 (Fivedesix) x2
Colonol Wullf Yularen
Corporal Vandolay
Navy Trooper Vesden
Admiral Ozzel
Corporal Dedram
Corporal Oberk
Lieutenant Renz
Lt. Pol Treidun
Officer Evax
Probe Droid x6
Seargent Tarl
Seargent Torent

Starships (3)
Executor x2
Boba Fett in Slave I

Interrupts (12)
Ghhk x5
Main Course x2
Masterful Move x2
Twi'lek Advisor x3'

Strategy: '

Endor introduced 2 cards that tremendously help Turbo ISB Decks (other than the 4 new ISB
Agents), Imperial Arrest Order, and Main Course. Main Course cancels the bane of ISB Decks -
Frozen Assets. Just make sure to leave 1 force active for your Ghhk in case Draw Their Fire is
deployed. Imperial Arrest Order has three highly useful functions. First and foremost, it makes
Nabrun Leids utterly useless. If your opponent transports to a site where you have an ISB Agent,
move it away the next turn. Second, it makes all your Imperial ISBs forfeit +2, making Evax,
Treidun, and Yularen all a whopping forfeit 7. And thirdly, it lets you deploy a docking bay from
reserve deck every turn. Docking Bays are extremely important in this deck. If you find yourself
trapped, just transit to another docking bay where the opponent has no characters (the Endor
docking bay is preferable, since the opponent must use large amounts of force to follow you). It also
helps to pull out your sites more quickly, especially those generic docking bays on your opponent's
systems to make their drains there -1. ABCTTU is to combat Ops decks, Cave, and Failure at the
Cave is to cancel your opponent's Jedi Tests long enough to nail them for one huge series of high
drains. This deck's major weakness is Battle Plan, but you should be able to hit a few high drains in
there.
Battle Plan is a pain, but it's easy to get around.
If you play against a Hidden Base deck, use Security Precautions and your ships with immunity to simply
sit in space and take no battle damage.  DO NOT probe the Hidden base if they use Battle Plan and you're
100% sure it will kill them.  Aginst some decks that slow you down by using Battle Plan but no systems, stick
POTF on Coruscant to make it battle ground and try to hold it down.  If necissary put high forfeit characters
to soak damage, and retrieve them with ISB Ops.

Why Probe Droids?
Probe Droids have a higher forfeit than ORS.  This is VERY important in today's environment where many decks
use large amounts of small characters.	By using Probe Droids, the opponent will have to put even more at the
site to cause damage.  In most scenerios versuses decks like this, you can spread thin and run away with docking
bay transit.  In most cases, it costs the opponent far more to reach the destination than you (try moving from
Coruscant to Endor...it's truely evil.
Probe Droids also have a higher defense value, meaning those decks chocked full of destiny 2 pilots and lots of
sites are much more likely to miss you than an ORS.'