---
layout: post
author: ! Mike "Iceman" Fitzgerald
title: ! "Final- The Emperor s War Machine   "
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-10-03
description: ! 'Slow down the opponent with massive amounts of ability and win with drains on the side or by running over anything they throw out.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations  ( 10 )
Death Star ( SL )
Kiffex
Kashyyyk
Kessel
Endor
Hoth  3rd Marker
Hoth  5th Marker
Endor  Forest Clearing
Endor  Back Door
CC Downtown Plaza

Creatures  ( 1 )
Bubo

Characters  ( 16 )

Darth Vader
EPP Vader
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Admiral Ozzel
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Lt. Arnet
Commander Igar
Warrant Officer M'kae
Sgt. Barich
Commander Nemet
Officer Evax
Lt. Cabbel
Lt. Grond

Blue  ( 13 )
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 6
Bus
Executor
Dreadnaught x3
Vader's Shuttle
Avenger
Devastator

Effects  ( 17 )
Ability Ability Ability
Broken Concentration
Reactor Terminal
Hell2Pay x2
Oppressive Enforcement
ABC2theUni
Lateral Damage x2
CBHYBC
Imperial Decree
First Strike
Resistance
Secret Plans
Battle Order
Imperial Arrest Order
Security Precautions

Interrupts  ( 3 )
Twi'lek Advisor x2 ( SI )
I'd Just As Soon Kiss A Wookiee'

Strategy: '

Improvements / Final adjustments  Put in Kessel to try to get the Tarkin / Ozzel combo rolling so my deck's ships can drop for dirt. Rotated the Vader ratio into one for all three and hope that he can hit something with his saber. Blizzard Scout 1 got in now and a few Tempest Scouts were taken out. Space got another boost with the Devastator. Extra Hell2Pay and Oppressive Enforcement for SAC protection , destiny boosting , and to stop abusive cards like Harvest and the such. Security Precautions in now in for Hidden Base. I'd Just As Soon Kiss A Wookiee is now in for Landing Claw or Undercovers ( remember to save force and shake hands ).

How to play versus 

v. Ops- Start Battle Order. You can mess around on their planet , try to set up ABC2theUni or Imperial Decree ASAP. Setup a few drains on the side. You can harass them like crazy and it'll be an excellent game. Bubo will help turn the tide. Whenever they come to space to cancel ABC2theUni use Lateral Damage to kick the crap out of whatever they spit up there. If you suspect them to use the Landing Claw trick -- save three force for IJASKAWookiee and lay it into them.

v. MWYHL- Broken Concentration start will hurt them and you can set up Walkers and pilots. I like Broken Concentration over Failure at the Cave for a few reasons. There should be no way the opponent will be able to train to 5. You have a massive drain potential without any boosters ( 12 ) and you can easily fulfill Battle Plan which is the card a MWYHL deck will expect to slow you down the most. Surprise Assault isn't a problem either. Secret Plans and CBHYBC should be able to bring them out and you can punish them when they do. Grapple ICBW and they should slowly go off to never neverland. Off course they'll also probably have to have someone occupy 2 battlegrounds and pay to retrieve so you can probably beatdown on whoever comes out.

v. Mains and Toys- Spread out, Imperial Arrest Order will do most of the work here. Battle Order kinda forces the EPPS to chose Space or ground and with them out of one of the theatres you'll be fine. Lateral Damage will help cut out space effectiveness.

v. Yavin 4 w/ or w/o Revo- Death Star w/ Sec Pre or IAOrder will make them play pretty careful. Basically like Mains and Toys.

v. Hidden Base- Death Star , Security Pre , and Battle Order will usually slow down HBase. Grapple Organized Attack and All Wings Report In. There is a pretty nice spacefleet in here and the 2 Lateral Damages will be huge.

v. anything else- I dunno I think that is all you'll probably see. Its about a simple as a deck as you can build yet strong enough to handle anything.

Mike Fitzgerald '