---
author: Adam "General Solo" Prosak
title: 'Much Too Crowded'
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-11-17
description: 'This deck has plenty of characters to backup a very fast operatives setup.	Has a few cards to disrupt the Anti-ops strategy.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective (1)
Local Uprising/Liberation

Locations (8)
Bothawui (start)
Farm (start)
Swamp
Jungle
Forest
Desert
Spaceport City
Spaceport Street

Characters(20)
Bothawui Operative x10
Bothan Spy x2
Ithorian x3
Han w/Heavy Blaster x2
Luke w/Lightsaber
Leia w/Blaster Rifle
Yoxgit

Starships/Vehicles (13)
Tantine IV x2
RL in R1
GL in G1
Rebel Snowspeeder x9

Devices (2)
Landing Claw x2

Interupts (10)
The Signal x2
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes x3
Double Agent x2
Houjix x2
T-47 Battle Formation

Effects (6)
Yarnal D'Gargan (start)
For Luck (start vs. Hunt down)
Do Or Do Not
Bargaining Table
Manuvering Flaps
Bacta Tank

Strategy: 

Everybody knows operatives can drain you for a lot early on in the game.	The premise of the deck is to use operatives and cheap aliens to flip quickly.	Snowspeeders are by no means a new idea, but the concept is still lacking in defense. This deck has all of that, but a great improvement in the defense department makes this deck very difficult to beat.


The first goal of this deck is to flip, turn 3 usually.  There are only two ways to stop this deck from flipping early.  The first is to block you from controlling the required 3 sites to flip.  This isn&#8217;t very logical.  You need 3 sites, 3 ops, and 3 speeders, a total of 6 force, to flip.  The sites can all be deployed in one turn with the objective and the characters are cheap and plentiful.	This easily gets around any fighting force on you planet.  The second method is to deprive you of the necessary things you need to flip.  Because you start with Yarnal, your necessary flip cards are all immune to the 3 major manipulation cards, Scanning Crew, Monnok, and Miyoom.  Given that you get locations from you reserve means that you&#8217;ll never be force starved.

Once you have flipped, it is near impossible to lose a drain race.  Combined with the massive drains of your operatives, the opponent&#8217;s drains are &#8211;1.  There are only a few ways to deal with this.  The first is an ISB Ops deck that plays both A Bright Center to the Universe and 5D6-RA7.  This would reduce your drains to Ithorians.  I have 2 Tantine IV&#8217;s to cancel ABCTTU and 2 Double Agents to get rid of 5D6.  The second method is playing another ops deck.  EPP&#8217;s can cause a little disturbance on their planet while you setup larger drains.  Ithorians and your single T-47 battle formation will put your opponent in catchup mode, which is good.  Battle Order is also a good way to slow down this deck&#8217;s drains.  That&#8217;s why the Rebel Leaders with Landing Claw backed up by Yoxgit are in the deck.  Besides stopping a drain in space, you can detach before you drain to satisfy your battleground system requirement.  The final way to win a drain race with this deck is battling.

If you kill all of my characters, you win.  This is next to impossible to do however.  Not just anyone can walk onto Bothawui remain alive.  First the operatives are decent fighters once you&#8217;ve flipped.  Power 3 or 4, forfeit 6, and they add a battle destiny.  If you fear Dr. E or Choke Vader, put them in a speeder.  Then the speeders are deploy one and power 2 (4 if flaps are locked).	With a constant stream of these, you never run out of characters.  EPP&#8217;s can beatup on random characters.  If you can&#8217;t battle this character heavy deck, you will lose.

For good measure, I added For Luck to deal with both Counter Assault and SAC with Vader.  I&#8217;d suggest starting with it against Hunt Down.  Yarnal for anything else.	Bacta TAnk is to revive ops and play them again to retrieve another force.  Play carefully and get as big of jump as you can on any deck.
