---
layout: post
author: ! Frank "FrankLamanti" Lamantia
title: ! "Frank/s Balanced Beatdown"
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-11-17
description: ! 'This deck is very good.  I played a version of this deck for roughly 6 months in 1998 and it held up with a great record.  I only remember it losing 5 times in 7 tournaments (including Origins) and all the pick up games.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'
Locations (8)
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City Lower Corridor
Dagobah
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Kessel
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Obi-Wan's Hut

Characters (17)
BoShek
Chewbacca
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Jeroen Webb
Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2
Luke With Lightsaber  x3
Momaw Nadon
Obi-Wan Kenobi	x2
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
R-3PO (Ar-Threepio)
Wyron Serper
Yoda

Starships (6)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Millennium Falcon  x2
Red Leader In Red 1
Spiral
Tantive IV

Interrupts (18)
Clash Of Sabers  x2
Courage Of A Skywalker	x2
Don't Forget The Droids  x2
Gift Of The Mentor  x2
Glancing Blow  x2
Houjix
It Could Be Worse
Nabrun Leids  x2
Quite A Mercenary
Shocking Information  x2
The Signal

Effects (9)
Battle Plan
Draw Their Fire
Mantellian Savrip
Scrambled Transmission
The Planet That It's Farthest From
Traffic Control
Uncontrollable Fury
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?
Wise Advice

Weapons (1)
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber

Objective
Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can
'

Strategy: '

This deck is great.  It is perfectly balanced between the ability to battle and the ability to drain for lots.  Heres the run down.

vs. Hunt Down - Start Wise Advice.  This stops most SAC.  Be careful.  There are a lot of different Hunt Down archetypes around.  From the Big Blue to dueling to Mind Over Matter.  Cancel Visage quickly and start draining.	You'll win most duels with the high destiny adverage and the duel cards.  Youll drain at the CC sites vs Big Blue and then beat em down when they arent expecting it.	Not too hard.

vs. Ops - Start TPIFF and go beat the hell out of them.  Not hard.  Try to put a ship, any ship, at Dagobah to prevent it from being cancelled.

vs. IAO Beatdown - Drain on Cloud City, and beat em up when they arent looking for it.	Usually they'll drop Vader, Tarkin and some weenie guys at a site.  Go there, exclude Vader and knock the hell out of the remaining guys.

vs. Anything else youll want to go Wise Advice.

This deck, if played properly, is VERY strong.	I guess it takes a while to learn to play for some people.  It took me a week or two to get used to it and then from then on I was almost unstoppable.	I guarantee you it works.'