---
author: Ryan "XjedeyeX" Fojtik
title: DS Suicide
side: Dark
date: 1999-11-10
description: The ISB/IAO confuses them into starting anti-big blue, while you play heavy drains
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 



 DS suicide v.1.0

 Start (4)
 ISB Operations
 Coruscant Imperial Square
 Twi Lek
 Opressive Enforcement (or IAO depending)

 Characters (16)
 10 Outer Rim Scouts
 EPP Fett
 Jabba the Hutt
 Zuckuss
 Prophetess
 Boewell (or whatever guy cancels destinies at the AC)
 Branguss Glee


 Locations (12)
 3rd marker
 Back Door
 Cantina
 Lars Moisture Farm
 Jundland Waste
 3 JP AC
 Jabbas Palace
 CC:Downtown Plaza
 Echo Command Center
 Mos Eiseley

 Starships (2)
 Jabba's Cruiser
 Bossk in Hounds Tooth

 Interrupts/Effects (26)
 2 Scum and Villainy
 Surprise!
 2 Twi Lek
 There Is No Try
 2 Evader
 3 Masterful Move
 4 Ghhhk
 Monnok
 AAA
 Search and Destroy
 2 Imperial Supply
 2 Main Course
 2 Abyssin Ornament
 Reactor Terminal
 Imperial Arrest Order



Strategy: 

This is fairly complicated.. the deck uses ORS on tatooine to add to the force drain there, and to deploy with scum and villainy in 'suicide' battles to retreive 3-4 force (S+V and Surprise) and cause the opponent to lose force. in doing this it plays ghhhk on the players turn, and uses AAA and other cards to force deployment of opponents characters. It retreives the ghhhk and such in a cycle, and uses ISB text to reduce the opponents drains. Very solid, if somewhat hard to play with. It centers around forcing your opponent to commit to battling where they dont want to and then successfully retreiving 4 force per battle while forcing them to lose 2 (with DTF in play). The only apparent weaknesses are to brentsons beats (where the only advice is to be careful, and deploy in large numbers in vehicles and whatnot) and surprise assault (and with the popularity of big blue, you simply dont see those anymore). It gets around battle order by generating huge amounts of force and draining for up to 4 per location, which allows it to drain at relatively few locations and still maximize the force drains. It has enough ships to probe, and has the element of surprise on its side as well.. its hard to prepare for if you dont know its coming, and its easy to make the mistake of deploying mains all at the same time.