---
layout: post
author: ! Blake "Zurai" Senn
title: ! "Battle for the Princess"
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-12-08
description: ! 'Rescue The Princess deck based on battling'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Rescue The Princess

Locations (10)
Y4 Docking Bay
Y4 War Room
D Docking Bay
D Detention Block Corridor
Tatooine Obi's Hut
Hoth War Room
Endor CC's Hut
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Kirdo III
Corulag

Characters (21)
Jedi Pack Leia
Obi-Wan Kenobi x2
Luke w/ Saber x2
Chewbacca x2
Han w/ Blaster x2
Orrimaarko
Cmdr. Wedge
Biggs
Tawss Khaa
Melas
Momaw Nadon
Bothan Spy x3
Figrin D'an
Oola x2

Starships (5)
Falcon x2
RL in R1
GL in G1
Spiral

Vehicles (2)
Lift Tube x2

Weapon (1)
Obi's Saber

Interrupts (9)
Lift Tube Escape x3
The Signal x2
I'm Here To Rescue You x3
Shocking Info

Effects (11)
D Plans x2
Undercover x2
Ultimatum
Draw Their Fire
Wars Not Make One Great
Traffic Control
Insurrection
Scrambled Transmission
Battle Plan '

Strategy: '

I built this deck because I was looking for an objective-based battle deck. I looked at all the LS objectives, played with MWYHL for a bit, then hit on RTP. with this deck, you have spies for deployment, expensive drains for opponent, power characters with weapons to attack with, good retrieval until your opponent finds Secret Plans, and, best of all, LOTS of high destiny and ways to draw 'em.
There are 21 cards with a destiny of 4 or higher; add in the 3's and you run almost half the deck, before considering all the 0's removed in the starting. And don't forget the attrition +2 from the flip; those 3's can make a dent in the DS force if used correctly.
Anywho, here's the specific strategy, followed by general anti-deck guidelines.

Start out with The Signal and Battle Plan, to slow your opponent a bit in the early game. Draw early, until you find a lift tube or LT escape. Put one lift tube at the D* Docking Bay, then build a rescue force at the Y4 Bay; a main or two and either a bothan or momaw. Take these guys over to the Death Star for free, load 'em up, and send 'em to Leia. Use WHTRY (it's almost guaranteed with the Jedi Pack Leia), spring the wench, and get your 4 force back. Next turn, bring the tube to the D* bay and DB transit to Y4. This is the most likely place for an ambush, as Leia won't be hiding in the lift tube anymore. Once you have the objective flipped, it's time to start an all-out war on the DS player. Take out their weak side first, to make them pay for Battle Plan; if both ground and space are equally strong, hit the ground since you have better support there. Use EPP Han liberally to draw extra destiny, since by this time you should be drawing almost nothing but 5's and 6's. The opponent will feel the hurt quickly. If you lose a couple battles, just run a Death Star Plans with a Bothan; it's possible to retrieve 24 force like this. If they get Secret Plans early, be a little more cautious or set lower destinies. If all goes reasonably well, late-game should just be mop-up or an unfair drain race (the opponent should have to pay 5 to drain if you took out either space or ground). If Leia dies at some point, don't worry, you still have a good battle deck- that's what it's built for anyway.

Against ISB this is probably the worst deck to play, since they can all deploy to the Y4 War Room. Just make sure you have a sizable escort for Leia- and don't forget she adds a destiny when RTP is flipped.

Against HDADTJ Evil grin just sit back, flip the obj, and kill Vader... or rather, remove him from play... all 6 copies of him will be useless.

Against Bounty hunting Watch for a Any Methods Neccesary for IG-88 w/ gun... he can take Leia captive forever... consider putting in a Sorry About The Mess if this becomes prevalent. Actually, if they leave Iggy at the DBC, you can still use WHTRY to get Leia back.

That's all I can think of for now... anyone raises some points, I'll address them by adding them to the strategy. '