---
layout: post
author: ! Bastian "Death Star" Winkelhaus
title: ! "Speed is the way to make the best deal"
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-12-26
description: ! "Much faster than any ECC-objective-deck Ive seen so far on Decktech."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
This deal is getting worse all the time

Locations (11)
Bespin
Bespin cloud city
CC upper walkway (S)
CC security tower (SH=starting hand)
CC west gallery
CC port town district
CC carbonite chamber
CC chasm walkway
CC casino
CC dining room
CC downtown plaza

Characters (13)
EPP Boba fett (SH)
EPP Darth vader
Corporal drelosyn
Sergeant irol
Sergeant barich
Sergeant major bursk
Stormtrooper cadet x7

Starships (5)
Boba fett in slave 1 (SH)
Bossk in hounds tooth
OS-72-2 in obsidian 2
Obsidian 7
Obsidian 8

Interrupts (21)
Any methods necessary (S)
Scanning crew x6
Masterful move x2
Monnok x3
Ghhhk
Tactical support x4
Trooper assault x3
Set for stun

Effects (9)
Secret plans (S)
Dark deal x2
Cloud city occupation
Ability, ability, ability
3.720 to 1 x4

'

Strategy: '

Did I say I like manipulation ? I think that the best way to use the new objective is speed.  Tactical support is the key card of the deck. If you get one early you should be able to set up the deal on turn 3. Once opponent deployed something you just play that one card to get your beatdown squad barich, irol and drelosyn are power 6 on CC and draw 3 destinies, two themselves and one that you substract from opponent. Add in a trooper assault and opponent is likely to loose some cards over the top. Boba in slave 1 in your starting hand is so awesome, you can set up dark deal and then get up to bespin to satisfy battle plan. Against testdecks, track a masterful move and set for stun the apprentice. You can look through your deck the first three turns at least, so you know when set for stun is in your force pile. If they grabble masterful move, occupation has to do the damage, its saver anyway against surprise assaults. 6 scanning crews might not be sufficient but its not finetuned yet. Any comments are
welcome.  '