---
layout: post
author: Andrew "Gadget" Ledwith
title: 'Revised - Tosche & Toys'
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-12-03
description: 'A revised version of a Tosche Tech deck. Many important changes have been made to improve performance.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations (8)
Kessel
Kiffex
Rendezvous Point
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Jabba's Palace
Tatooine: Mos Eisley
Tatooine: Obi-Wan's Hut
Tatooine: Tosche Station

Characters (17)
B'omarr Monk  x3
Ben Kenobi  x3
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Harc Seff
Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2
Luke With Lightsaber  x3
Melas
Tawss Khaa
Wedge Antilles

Vehicles (2)
Air-2 Racing Swoop  x2

Starships (5)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Millennium Falcon
Red Leader In Red 1
Spiral
Tantive IV

Interrupts (16)
Careful Planning
Don't Forget The Droids  x2
Glancing Blow  x2
Grimtaash  x2
Out Of Commission  x2
Shocking Information  x2
The Signal  x3
Tunnel Vision  x2

Effects (12)
Battle Plan
Beggar	x3
Do, Or Do Not
Draw Their Fire
Goo Nee Tay
Mantellian Savrip
Order To Engage
Scrambled Transmission
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?
Wise Advice 

Strategy: 

Since the good people at DeckTech got rid of a lot of the decks a while ago, this is the only Tosche Station deck that I have on the site anymore. So if you're wondering why there's no original on my page, it's because it has been erased.

Your starting location should always be Obi-wan's Hut and your starting interrupt should always be Careful Planning. And 9 times out of 10 your second location should be Tosche Station. But if the opponent starts Tatooine: Jabba's Palace you should convert it with your JP so he can't get out all his sites the easy way.

First of all, DO NOT TELL ME TO ADD A CORUSCANT! This card's DS text is entirely too powerful.

I love Swoops! Destiny 5, great text, and gives you immunity to Always Thinking With Your Stomack. Plus, if you combine them with Order To Engage you can make your opponent lose quite a bit of force over the course of a game.

I perfer to use the Original Falcon, but if you'd rather use the new ECC Falcon that's fine by me.

My Hunt Down protection is 2 Glancing Blows. I choose these over Courage since most good players stack their destinies, or play with The Dark Path. If I can cancel one of their 6s I have a better chance of winning the duel. It just means you have to have a saber on the participant. If you're playing vs. Hunt Down with duel, just don't play Obi unless you have to.

I have plenty of SAC protection since I didn't have enough room to put in SAC. Do Or Do Not and Wise Advice is usually enough. Try to get Wise Advice out first if you can since it's better to have the card canceled back in your deck for future use.

Do NOT have both OTE and DTF on table at the same time. This is like shooting yourself in the foot. It gives the opponent the message that if they don't battle, the lose 3 force. If they do, they retrieve 1. This is usually enough insentive to cause the opponent to battle every time, and I'd rather they just lose the 3 and run away.

Be sure to use the What Are You Tryin' To Push On Us? very carefully. You only have one, and it is a very powerful card. This is another card that can help out with SAC protection if you feel the need.

This is a battle deck, so don't just sit on Tatooine draining if he isn't coming to you. Go to the opponent's arena and battle it out with him. If he wants to battle, play DTF. If he doesn't, play OTE. Either way, play Beggar and watch him squirm in his chair. The many destiny adding EPPs should be able to win most battles for you. Track your destiny to shoot people and get good battle destiny. This deck can compete with just about anything thrown at it. Play well and the rest should fall into place. 