---
layout: post
author: ! Norman "Norman" Horn
title: ! "Norm s Re-Posted Test 2 w/o Insurrection"
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-10-03
description: ! "A re-post of a Test 2 deck after a bad review.  Luckily the guy understood the problems with his review.  It does have a few modifications though."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can

Locations (9)
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City Lower Corridor
Dagobah
Dagobah Bog Clearing
Dagobah Swamp
Dagobah Training Area
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Kessel
Tatooine Cantina

Characters (18)
BoShek
Chewbacca
Daughter of Skywalker
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol x2
Harc Seff
Luke With Lightsaber x2
Momaw Nadon
Obi-Wan Kenobi x2
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Wedge Antilles
Wyron Serper
Yoda
Yoxgit

Starships (5)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Millennium Falcon
Red Leader In Red 1
Spiral
Tantive IV

Interrupts (16)
Clash Of Sabers
Courage Of A Skywalker
Don't Forget The Droids x2
Glancing Blow
Lost In the Wilderness
Nabrun Leids x2
Quite A Mercenary
Shocking Information x4
Swing-And-A-Miss
The Signal x2

Effects (7)
Bacta Tank
Battle Plan
Scrambled Transmission
Traffic Control
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us? x2
Wise Advice

Weapons (1)
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber

Devices (1)
Landing Claw

Jedi Tests (2)
A Jedi's Strength
Great Warrior

'

Strategy: '

**Before that wacko guy came and put half stars on all my decks this was a 4 star.**


This Test 2 deck is fairly standard, save one thing no Insurrection. I don't think it is useful in this specific deck, namely because I'd rather be using Nabrun Leids.

The main way you play this deck is to train Leia very fast and then start whittling down your opponent to nothing. You will normally start with Wise Advice, except for a few common situations that I will notate.

If you're playing against...
Ops = Start Battle Plan (unless they start Broken Concentration, then do Wise Advice) and get Test 1 completed pronto. Take the battling to them as fast as possible. Don't forget the battle destiny ruling when it comes to Ops adding destinies (if you don't know what I'm talking about check the Rulings Minder). If you think you will need to stop reacting from Tempest Scouts and Speeders in your tourney, use Corporal Beezer instead of Wedge Antilles. Harc Seff and Lost in the Wilderness can be a big factor.

CCT Drazin Manipulator = Start Scrambled Transmission and give them Wedge (or Beezer, whichever you decide to use). Beware of There'll Be Hell To Pay Don't try to force drain at exterior sites in fear of ATWYS. Use Harc Seff to reduce damage. Momaw Nadon and Wyron Serper act as your Bothan Spy, remember that.

Big Blue = Your starships are pretty sparse, so use them wisely. Harc Seff and Wedge can be pilots, and Han w/ either Luke or Chewie is good on the Falcon. Yoxgit provides you with a never-ending Landing Claw. Get your sites out and drain fast.

Hunt Down = You have ample duel protection for your convenience. I took out the second COAS for a Swing-and-a-Miss because I can't use COAS on my Luke w/Saber anymore. But that just means if you have all three and they initiate a duel, they can kiss Vader goodbye. Try to cancel Visage using Momaw Nadon and Serper.

Numbers = Ooooh, this will be tough. I have beaten a Numbers deck with this solely on Don't Forget the Droids, but even then I timed out and won by fifteen. (check my tourney report for the whole story)

Anything else, including cheesy decks= Start Wise Advice, train Leia fast, kill. If I need to tell you more you need help.

Please remember this as you rate  I'm playtesting a version that doesn't have 2x Nabrun and QAM.  Instead I'm using 2x Swoop (for nice travel and counter ATWYS and Ops) and Insurrection.	PLEASE Give me your opinion of which one is better.

This deck has flaws, I know. Help me make this deck great Please give actual examples of stuff to take out and put in.

~Norm '