---
author: Peter "martian" Hall
title: 'Let the Creatures Hunt the Jedi...'
tags:
- Dark
date: 1999-12-15
description: '... Vader has more important things to do.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Locations (8):
Coruscant
Endor: Dark Forest
Endor: Dense Forest
Executor: Holotheatre (start)
Executor: Meditation Chamber (start)
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
Swamp
Tatooine: Cantina

Carachters (10):
Boba w/ Gun
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Darth Vader  x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith  x2
Dr. Evazan  x2
Grand Moff Tarkin  x2

Creatures (7):
Bubo  x2
Krayt Dragon
Womp Rat  x4

Vehicles (5):
Ronto x5

Weapons (2):
Vader's Stick x2

Effects (8):
Come Here You Big Coward!
Crush The Rebellion (start)
Imperial Arrest Order
Reactor Terminal
Search And Destroy
The Dark Path
Visage Of The Emperor  x2 (start)

Interrupts (20):
Alter  x2
Counter Assault  x3
Elis Helrot
Evader	x2
I Have You Now	x2
Monnok
Sense x2
Twi'lek Advisor  x3 (start)
Yaggle Gakkle  x4

Objective:
HDADTJ/TFHGOOTU



Strategy: 

This is a fun deck I whipped up out of boredom.  The thought of Bubo and some Womp rats eliminating the Jedi, and thus allowing the Empire to dominate the Universe just struck me as funny.  Start with Crush the Rebellion unless you have a good reason not too.  Here's the basic strategy:

vs. Ops -  Drop creatures to pester them.  Follow with beat down if possible.  Convert their Swamp if you draw yours.  Counter Assault as needed.  Fun.

vs. Revo/Nudj -  Well, you pretty much have all of your bases covered here.  Eat the nudjes, Evader the Revos.	Eat or battle their carachters. Visage will take its toll.

vs. Tosche Mains - Hope you draw your Krayt Dragon in your opening hand :)

vs. MWYHL - Visgage + Search and Destroy make them depoly somewhere other than Dagobah.  If they for some reason leave the apprentice upside down alone.... ok probably not going to happen ;)

vs. Hidden Base - This will not be fun, but it is still possible to win.  Twi'lek for Search and Destroy.  Sense Transmission Terminated.  Track destinies for Counter Assault.  Convert Coruscant if you can.

There's just way too many fun DS decks out there.  If I could only think of something for the LS....

