---
layout: post
author: ! Chris "MadJedi" Holcomb
title: ! "Mains and Droids"
tags:
- Light
date: 1999-08-27
description: ! '-and you thought I was joking- This deck uses Death Star Plans and MWYHL for a deadly regenerating combo.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(4)
MWYHL
Dagobah
The Signal
Insurrection

Locations(9)
CCGuest Quarters
TatooineCantina
TatooineObi-Wan's Hut
Tibrin
DagobahYoda's Hut
Yavin 4Docking Bay
Death StarDocking Bay 327
Death StarLevel 6 Core Shaft Corridor
Death StarTrash Compactor

Starship(1)
Gold Leader in Gold 1

Vehicles(2)
Air-2 Racing Swoop
SoroSuub V-35 Landspeeder

Device(1)
Landing Claw

Characters(20)
Chewbacca
Obi w/ Wep
Leia w/ Wep
Ben Kenobi
Han w/ Wep
Luke w/ Wep
KFC
Frigrin D'an
Melas
Momaw Nadon
Orrimaarko
Oola
Shasa Tiel
Bothan Spy
Tawss Khaa
Bron Burs
H'nemthe x2
R4-E1 x2

Interrupts(10)
Sorry About The Mess
Clash of Sabers
Under Attack
Courage of a Skywalker
Glancing Blow
Shocking Information x2
The Signal x3

Effects(13)
Undercover
Beggar
Uncontrollable Fury
Bacta Tank
Mantallian Savrip
Traffic Control
Ultimatum
Goo Nee Tay
Descent Into The Dark
For Luck
Mechanical Failure
Death Star Plans x2'

Strategy: '

ok, most of the cards in this deck are standard Mains and Toys Fare, a.k.a. Mantallian Savrip and Clash of Sabers.  However, some cards make this deck different in a large way.

Starting
To begin I always use Insurrection because I can get docking bays out with ease.  MWYHL is a must also as i'll expain later.

You might wonder why i have only one of each EPP in here, but its because i count on retrieving them.  You might also wonder why i don't have the Nabrun/Draw Their Fire combo in but thats because of the popular Imperial Arrest Order.  Also because of the anti-revo strategies i use no revo's in this deck.

As you will notice this deck can hardly force drain so you deploy to the opp.'s sites for some beatdown.

Goo Nee Tay/H'nemthe/Oola/Shasa Tiel help you from getting beatdown.  Also, Bacta Tank and Mantallian Savrip can help.  Under Fire and Mechanical Failure turn walkers into scraps of metal.  Against HDADTJ deploy on executor by using a spy and wait to deploy Luke or Obi until you have Glancing blow and Courage Ready.

Now let me explain the retrieval strategy. You deploy the docking bays from reserve deck, draw to deploy another D* site, a R4-E1 and a vehicle.  I do not use Bothan Spies because they can get serious beat.	Also, if you undercover him he can not use a vehicle.  I only use him if they have a million Alters.  Also, you can use For Luck to prevent D* plans from being Altered.

You docking bay transit the vehicle w/ the droid that is targeted and then move him using his landspeed in order to complete quick D* plans.  Also, to retrieve 15-16 force each time i set up destinies by activating all of my reserve, and using Traffic Control/Descent Into the Dark to set up 5 destinies--works like a charm.  If both D* plans are lost then deploy on Tibrin and get it out.  Landing Claw if they deploy there and Landing Claw to mock Battle Order (by unattaching and reattaching repeatingly)

You can also rig high destinies for Unde Attack and Sorry about The Mess.  This deck can beat a DS space deck because of D* plans and because if they deploy to the ground they will most likely die.  Against big blue smile and against Op's attack.  Also, a Ultimatum was added for good measure.







'