---
layout: post
author: Jason "jade" Foss
title: 'Jasons Dark Deal'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-17
description: ! 'Use tempest scouts to control cloud city get dark deal working and drain the opponet to death.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting
This Deal Is Getting Worse All The Time
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Secret Plans
Imperial Arreast Order
Mobilization Points
Oppresive Enforcement

Locations
Cloud City East Platform {Docking Bay}
Cloud City Casino
Cloud City Port Town District
Upper Walkway
Bespin
Bespin Cloud City

Characters
Lord Vader[2]
DVDLOTS[2]
Mara Jade[2]
Emporer Palpatine
ECC IG-88
EPP Fett
AT-ST Pilot[3]
Admiral Ozzel
General Veeres
Officer Evax
Commander Igar
Baron Soontir Fel
Admiral Chiraneau
DS-61-3

Starships And Vehicles
Zuckuss In Ship
Bossk In Ship
Dengar In Ship
Executor
Chimaera
Dominator
Tempest scout 1
Tempest scout 5
Tempest Scout 6
Tempest Scout[3]
Combat Cloud Car[3]
OS-72-1 In Obsidian 1

Interupts
Impirial Barrier[2]
Impirial Command
Ghhk
Twilec Advisor
Hutt Smooch

Effects
Dark Deal[2]
Cloud City Occupation
You Cannot Hide Forever
Battle Order
Lataral Damage
Search And Destroy

Whepons
Vaders Stick
Maras Stick '

Strategy: '

Okay the main idea of the deck is to Dark Deal working and drain your opponet to death. All the cloud city sites in the deck are extirior so you can deploy the walkers there. You just put a walker and a pilot at each site and save force to react with. The other characters are in here so if they get hold of one of the sites you can get them off. For controling the sector you have the combat cloud cars that are power 4 ability 2 and can deploy as a react OS-72-1 in obsidian 1 that is power 5 at the sector plus the bounty hunter ships that can be used for either the system or the sector. For the system there is the executor and all the other star destroyers plus lataral damage.When everything is set up you can make the opponet lose as much as 15 force or more.

Matchups

VS EBO
Get set up as fast as you can. It will be a drain race so you want to get a jump. If they get set up faster then you you will have a hard time winning. If EBO is popular in your area then put in resistence so that they can only drain for 2 at each system. If they start to spread out you can go attack them but generaly you dont want to attack him. It will be a hard match but youcan win it.

Vs Mains
Do your regualar stuff they will come and battle you but there is unuff in this deck to beat them off Bespin. If they get the super falcon at bespin use lataral damage and imperial command to beat them down. On the ground they will bring there mains so it will be hard to get dark deal working. You should win this easy.

VS Hidden Base
Start with You cannot hide forever instead of oppresive enforcement. When you occupy 2 battlegrounds dump it to get search and destroy. Drain for tons. If you want to you can go find there base but i think it would be wiser to just get occupation working and cause maximum damage. If they use the spys use hutt smooch. This will be a easy match.

VS Profit
Dont start anyb ody in the chamber. Just outdrain them. If they come to battle you should already be set up so dont worry about that. This is another easy match.


Probaly missing somthing but im tired.









'