---
layout: post
author: Karl "Fal" Harford
title: 'ISB with drains for days in space'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-29
description: 'set up undercover isb agents on the ground to block opponents force drains, while you set up fatty drains in space.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective
ISB Operations/Empire's Sinister Agents

Locations(10)
Coruscant
Death Star
Carida
Kiffex
Rendili
Wakeelmui
Corulag
Hoth: Wampa Cave
Hoth: Ice Plains
Dagobah: Cave

Creatures(1)
Bubo

Starships(14)
Flagship Executor
Victory Class Star Destroyer x3
Dreadnaught x3
The Emperor's Shield
The Emperor's Sword
Tie Interceptor x5

Characters(13)
Admiral Piett
Officer Evax
Admiral Chiraneau
Captain Godherdt
Admiral Ozzel
5D6-RA-7
Probe Droid x7

Effects(12)
Presence of the Force
There'll Be hell to Pay
Sinear Fleet Systems
Reactor Terminal
Mobilization Points
Oppressive Enforcement
Something Special Planned for Them
Undercover x5

Interrupts(9)
Prepared Defences
Imperial Command
All Power to Weapons x3
Twi'lek Advisor
Abyssin Ornament
Oh, Switch off x2

Strategy: 

Start ISB operations with the Coruscant System.  Use Prepared Defences to pull out Oppresive Enforcement, Something Special Planned for them, and mobilization points. First turn you always need to pull out a system from Reserve Deck using mobilization points, this helps to give you early force generation.  Coruscant gives you an early drain were opponent has no icons.  When you begin to play this deck though your first concern always needs to be to make sure that you can stop your opponent from force draining while drawing up to find systems and ships.  If your opponent is playing a space deck against you, you can you the probe droids as forfeit in space. Also, when you drop the fourth ISB agent you flip the objective which allows you to retrieve your isb agents every turn.  This allows you to use people a multiple number of times.  Also the ties add to the force retrieval so there is more cards coming back and being used over and over. Another up side of the deck is that when your opponent tries to kill you undercover probe droids, you can just play oh, switch off so they can't be killed this turn.  If your opponent is not ready to come in space then this should be an easy victory for you.  Towards the end of the game play the abyssin ornament to retrieve 6 or 7 force from the probe droids.	This deck just chills with undercovers on the ground and star destroyers in space.