---
author: Jonathan "Soma" Morse
title: 'Noble Holocide'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-01-04
description: 'This deck combines the holotable start (for steady drains and to keep opponent guessing) with huge battling potential in multiple spheres, good activation from twix sites, Don't Tread on Me and late game retreival with Noble Sacrifice.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations: 9
Holotable (start)
Rednez V .
Yoda's Hut
Hoth WR
Chirpa's Hut
Yavin WR
Kessel
Kiffex
Coruscant

Characters: 14
EPP Luke x2
EPP Han x2
EPP Leia
Chewbacca
EPP Obi x2
Wedge
Kal
Biggs
Hobbie
Jeroen
Yoda

Ships: 8
GLinG1
RLinR1
Lando in Falcon
Tantive
Sprial
Redemption
Corellian C x2

Devices: 1
Landing Claw

Interrupts: 16
Tunnel Vision x2
Noble Sacrifice x2
TTerminated x2
Grimtaash x3
Signal x2
Don't Tread On Me (start)
Shocking Information x2
Rebel Barrier x2

Effects: 12
Scrambled Transmission (start)
Do or Do Not (start)
Ultimatum (start)
Projection of a Skywalker x2
Traffic Control
Mantellian Savrip
Bacta Tank
Insurrection
OTEngage
Uncontrollable Fury
WYTTPOnUs?


Strategy: 

This deck is really a lot of fun to play.	I built it so that from the very beginning the opponent has no idea what to expect.  Would most people expect a hardcore power deck with lots of space from this start?  Probably not.

The holotable start gives you a steady drain of two all game long (with POASkywalker).	I have in many holocards to put on it, as well as two TTerminated's, which can be used to cancel their hologram cards on the table, as well as cancel Visage against HDADTJ.  I have in five twix sites for quick and high activation.  DTreadOnMe is a great start.  You get three great effects down, you can search through your deck with Scrambled, set up destinies with the shocks, and you're safe from SAC, SCrew, and Numbers.  Change the start against different decks, for example, you don't need to start Scrambled or Ultimatum against HDADTJ since they aren't really needed, etc.  I have in many EPP weapons that work for the +1 shot.

Kiffex, Kessel, and Coruscant are in for heavy drains in space, which dark will never see coming with this start.  From first turn they'll expect a revolver or something, and start throwing away their ships to holotable drains.  I have in one LClaw, which can be easily pulled out with the two TVisions, which are great in any deck whenever you need a certain card.	The LClaw is if you don't feel like fighting Executor, or the system where Vader and Tarkin are.

Plenty of characters for ground beatdown, or pilot support.  Bacta Tank and Redemption keeps them alive.  With TVisions you can pull out the Yoda/Yoda's Hut combo for immunity, then Noble Yoda late in the game for huge retreival.	The Noble's also work great with five other pilots aided by Insurrection for late game retreival.

Mantellian rocks, and is big in this deck.  There are tons of cards to throw to it.  Two Signals get all effects out quickly, including killers like OTEngage and Uncontrollable.  WYTTPOUs is in for Sabacc, or any repeating interrupt.  Rebel Barrier is incredibly underrated, a revolving 4 that can totally screw over an attempted dark beatdown.  Three grimtaashes will piss them off all game long.

This deck can battle forever, has good retreival, tons of counters, great consistent drains, alternate force loss engines, and is a blast to play.  Hope you like it.	   