---
layout: post
author: ! Steve "Crazy Hermit" Kuperman
title: ! "Maximum Mainage V1 0"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-29
description: ! "This is your typical Throne Room mains deck with the ability to fight where it wants to, when it wants to."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations(9)
Yavin 4 Massassi Throne Room
Farm
Swamp
Rendezvous Point
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Hoth Echo Command Center
Cloud City Lower Corridor
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber
Yavin 4 Massassi Headquarters


Characters(16)
Obi-Wan Kenobi x3
Luke With Lightsaber x3
Leia With Blaster Rifle x2
Boussh
Captain Han Solo x2
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol x2
Tawss Khaa
Orrimaarko
Jeroen Webb

Creatures(2)
Nudj x2

Weapons(2)
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber x2

Starships(4)
Millenium Falcon x2
Redemption
Tantive IV

Interrupts(20)
Sense x5
Alter x2
Careful Planning
Out Of Commission x2
I Know
Skywalkers
The Bith Shuffle
Tranmission Terminated
Glancing Blow
Tunnel Vision x2
Nabrun Leids
Shocking Information
The Signal

Effects(7)
Mantellian Savrip x2
Bacta Tank
Revolution x2
Mechanical Failure
Order To Engage '

Strategy: '

It's easy to start, since this sort of deck has been done a few thousand times over. This one is kind of distinctive, in the exact makeup of it's character base.

What I was looking to do was take the strongest forces I could and throw it behind a good force activation engine to create a versatile mains deck. That's the reason why you've got 2 EPP Hans and two of the good Captain Solo, not because I'm playing some pain in the ass Don't Underestimate Our Chances deck, but because this way I have the Han I want, when I need it.  Leia was easy to figure out, since I definitely wanted easy access to Super Falcon, so 2 EPPs went in. Boushh just plain rocks, and anti-Hunt Down stuff was needed. 3 Lukes and 3 Obis round out the bulk of the fighting force, with Jeroen Webb giving more of the same spy goodness and Orrimaarko and Tawss being around because they're good for situations that don't justify a major beatdown strike and adding diversity into the character base.

Don't need to go over weapons. You can figure that out.

Starships include two Falcons, for the basic fighting duty. Redemption's in there because the Bacta Tank is too and together they let me re-use mains without having to deploy from hand. The last ship is a fork in the road--- go with the Spiral for react capability, or the Tantive to get into Ralltiir, Death Star, Coruscant, etc.? I decided with all the Imperial Barrier stuff going around and Ralltiir being big, with no other way to get into the system without my opponent's help, Tantive edges out the Spiral. Not that Spiral wouldn't be a bad idea, it's just that Tantive is huge right now. Without it, I'd have to use Fly Casual, which means I lose a member of my thin air force.


Interrupts are nothing huge, but 5 Senses works better since I desperately want to keep my Savrip on the table. A couple of key destiny adders hang around, along with some recyclables, especially important with no Traffic Control. Only 1 Leids because IAO and Court are popular. I hate to see my stuff get captured because I was a moron and forgot that AWU lets Oo-ta Goo-ta play for free. 1 TT is around since I can back it with S/A and it's quick and easy against Visage. The one card I was heavily debating here was GiTM, but I decided that if things go as planned, Obi and Luke won't be together all that often and the other destiny adders are more important (I Know for Super Falcon, Skywalkers also cancels Barrier). SATM wouldn't be bad either, I suppose, but it's all about room, isn't it? This seems to work all right.


In the effects department, Mechanical Failure is wonderful against RallOps, especially if you can lay a quick beatdown on a lone scout and Sense any reacts. Probably won't happen, but a lot of decks like Igar in Tempest 1 as well and this can seriously afflict that strategy. 2 Savrips rather than 1 because I've got so many mains in here, so I'm able to keep my stuff on the board that much easier, which is essential for success against RallOps. OtE is around in case I do amass a beatdown crew (against TIEs and stuff like that), and injures your opponent if he's got nothing to answer your attacks on his characters with. The 2 Revos are questionable, since Crush is a likely start (notice no Clashes in the deck), but I figure once they see you're not looking to Revo the hell out of their locations, they'll ditch Evader. Revo is beautiful towards crunch time, as it lets me get into the Executor with, say, Tawss or Orrimaarko, and against Ralltiir a Revo on the system or either Swamp or Forest can severely afflict your opponent.


Strategies against specific decks

Hunt Down If they duel, might be in trouble, but I don't see that around here too often. 1 Glancing Blow is in here, other than that gotta rely on Senses and hopefully some recyclables to set up for when you deploy Obi or Luke. Canceling Visage in this situation is important, against Hunt Down/Balanced it may not be necessary immediately. In this case, fight where you need to. I consider this to be by far the most difficult matchup.

RallOps This deck has plenty of ways to deal with various methods of RallOps. Revo if they're expecting the fake and you can back it up, otherwise get something onto the planet and fight it out. With Savrip out, the crew should stick around for the most part, and that's a huge part of the battle against Ralliir.


Court They'll probably deploy first, since they love to get Scum set up and need to establish strong control of the chamber early on. When they do, be ready and kill them fast, then cancel Scum once you've gained control. Once you get in, do not give up control of the chamber, and send Falcon after anything they deploy in space. On that note, be very careful when deploying Han, don't want to strand him on Tatooine when you need him on the Falcon. Not a difficult matchup.


Rumors/TIEs/Assorted Space Against Rumors, get onto Endor as fast as possible, and hold the ground, send the Falcon after what comes down, and S/A anything that could cause problems. TIEs, just start draining at the Farm and Swamp, forget the Nudjs. Send the Super Falcon after them, Sense APTW, and you should smash them easily enough. Adding another Alter has been a strong thought for me, primarily because of these decks and the problems that SFS and Lateral Damage can cause.

Ops Drop Obi onto the planet ASAP and fight around a bit, Revo the Forest and hold it. Boushh is around to knock out the -1 and nullifies a drain. With Savrip/Tank out, you can send characters on joyrides all over the place and probably win through sheer attrition. Don't see this too often, either, so while the strategy against it doesn't concern me too much, I think I could hold my own.

Numbers I'd probably lose, but I never see it played by anybody who can play worth a damn here.
So, I'd feel fairly confident I could win against those decks, at least in the local meta.

Thanks for reading and reviewing, and have fun with it, demolish it in review, spit on your screen at the poor quality, etc. The power of the Savrip here is unbelievable, not that it ever wasn't.  '