---
layout: post
author: ! Scott "CRingwell" Lingrell
title: ! "Anktopot 2000"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-22
description: ! "Vader goes on missions of destruction while Visage, Counter Assaults and EJP IG and Dengar take out the rest of their life force."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi

Epic Events (1)
Epic Duel

Locations (5)
Executor Meditation Chamber
Executor Holotheatre
Executor Docking Bay
Death Star
Death Star Docking Bay 94

Characters (7)
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, DLOTS x2
EPP Darth Vader x2
ECC IG-88
EJP Dengar

Starships (3)
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Boba Fett in Slave 1

Vehicles (3)
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 6
Flare-S Racing Swoop

Interrupts (27)
Twi'lek Advisor x4
Torture x2
Put All Sections On Alert x2
I Have You Now x2
Counter Assault x3
Evader x2
Trample x2
Sniper
Masterful Move
You Are Beaten
Res Luk Ra'auf
Unexpected Interruption
The Circle Is Now Complete
Jabba's Through With You
Shocking Revelation
Vader's Obsession
Focused Attack

Effects (13)
Visage of the Emperor x3
Reactor Terminal
First Strike
Imperial Arrest Order
Crush The Rebellion
Battle Order
Secret Plans
Come Here You Big Coward
Security Precautions
A Bright Center To The Universe
Lateral Damage '

Strategy: '

***Just a note, I have had Darth Vader OOC'd 3 times against good players, and pow won all three.  Plus Evader can cause him not to go to the lost pile.  Bam

Starting Info-
Ops- Battle Order
Yavin IV Throne Tech- Crush
Tatooine Drain- Crush
Against mostly everything else- Start IAO

The idea is to get Vader down to a battleground with I Have You Now in hand waiting for characters to come down.  Let Visage do the damage whenever possible.  When you get Put All Sections in hand, Drop a Tempest Scout at the D*DB and just drain for one until they come at you.	When they do, Trample who you can and then let IG and Dengar come down and beat on who ever is left.  Duel when you feel confident with your destinies. Against speeder beatdown Ops (ala Clint Hays style)  Wait for the right moment to strike with Vader, Dengar (to pick off 2 speeders at a time) and a swoop.  Against HB X Wing, drop Vader to the D*DB, flip Hunt Down then move to the Med Chamber for Space.  With the Bus and Res Luk Ra'auf defending a battle you can draw 4 destinies and subtract 2 from each of the opponents  If need be you can drop a Bounty Hunter Ship on the ground because they can still draw destiny (Zuckuss-4 ability) normally or with help.  The Counter Assaults are for late game weenie drains for large losses or with ground drains with 5+ characters.  When playing against Revos, do not play an Evader unless they have out 2 revo's or the opponent has <3 force saved up and no Wise Advice out to prevent grabbers.  Don't forget that Put All Section lost can let you retrieve into hand the Death Star locations if you lose them.  Good Luck

Scott Lingrell

'