---
layout: post
author: ! Cat "CatLoneRogue" Ceder
title: ! "Hidden Mains"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-17
description: ! 'This is a Hidden Base fake out deck w/Fallen Portals and Mains for Force Drain and a little more...'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'-Starting-
Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip Through Your Fingers
Rendezvous Point
-Endor- Hidden Base
Heading For The Medcial Frigate
Strike Planning
Insurrection
Staging Areas

-Sites-
Home One Docking Bay
Tatooine Docking Bay
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Endor Back Door
Endor

-Characters-
Ben Kenobi x2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x2
Han With Heavy Blaster
Captain Han Solo
Leia With Blaster
Boushh
Orrimaarko
General Crix Madine
Lando With Vibro Axe
General Calrissian
Tycho Celchu
Lt. Blount
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Colonel Cracken
Tawss Khaa
Melas
Ketwol
Ishi Tib

-Weapons-
Luke’s Lightsaber x2
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber

-Ships-
Home One
Spiral
Millennium Falcon

-Interrupts/Effects-
Sense x5
Traffic Control
Weapon Levitation
Rebel Barrier x2
Lost In The Wilderness x2
Draw Their Fire
Menace Fades
Fallen Portal x2
Transmission Terminated
Out Of Commission
The Bith Shuffle
The Signal x2
Frozen Assets
Battle Plan
'

Strategy: '

Greetings and welcome to another of my decks...

This is the deck that I have been striving to make...sitting there for countless hours trying to design a freakin light side deck like most of the people out there... As well all know Dark Side is easy to make a deck... Light Side however isn’t. So at long last here is a lightside deck that I am pleased with and will make slight modifications to as I go along...

First off you will notice that there is NO Nien Nunb, the reason being is that I am using the Old Falcon which is Immune <5 w/Lando piloting which is better than a 4 and gives me more access to another character in space if need be. Say......a Spy on the Falcon first, then deploy Gen. Calrissian afterwards...sneaky but non the less...

Also you will notice that there is one double of each Han, Leia and Lando - Now your probably saying to yourself what a waste of space of why not 2 of each, well the reason being after a few turns of seeing what my opponent is doing I can then decide if I want to go space w/the gang or go ground. More often then no I go space w/Home One, Wedge, Tycho and the Spiral and save the Falcon for something else if I still need to.

Now your probably saying...only 3 ships, that’s stupid this and that will kill you, well I find that when your sitting at Endor draining for 1 w/power or Home One, Wedge, Tycho, and Spiral that’s pretty Impressive and you can cancel a destiny, that’s always nice. And yes, What if I Lateral Damage your ship...well then you Lateral Damage it big whoop. I usually don’t deploy to space first, and when I do it’s at my time, not my opponents.

Now as for match ups and stuff I can’t really say. This deck has played 4 games, of which it won all 4 of them - 1)BHBM, 2)Tatooine Mains and FD’s, 3)Court Of The Vile Gangster and 4)Carbonite Testing deck. And suffice to say it’s average (in tournament is 25) out of tournament (28) so it’s well rounded.

Against most any deck deploy Home One Docking Bay first w/Crix there and some scrub (if you can Ishi Tib or Ketwol are perfect) and start using Ishi Tib’s ability as soon as you can, granted he’s not Janus but he’ll do in a pinch. Don’t worry about your oppoenent coming to you, it’s gonna cost him and arm and a leg to get there...of course there is Mara, but then that’s what the Fallen Portals and Rebel Barriers are for right. After you concencrate Home OneDB get out TatooineDB and drop ole Ben there...then from there it should be pretty simple what to do start amassing people and then go for the Force Drain and then battle when you must. But don’t rely on intiating battles to much cause your Fallen Portal won’t work. Remember Sense’s are there for TCINIC, Vader’s Obesession and other myriads of cards that you don’t want your opponent to use. Personally I love Sensing a Twi’lex Advisor....hehe...

Other than that once you make the deck see how it meta’s for your area and add what you think will make it work... and please let me know what you added and reoved and why cause I love to makeshift my decks for others local metas...that way I can understand other areas better.

Well thanks for reading...and enjoy

Cat "The Garindan/Ezri Collector" Ceder '