---
author: J.D. "Talz" LaCure
title: 'Train, Drain, and Smack'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-03-21
description: 'Train Leia to two and drain in space, then lay the smack with Obi and Luke.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Starting(4)
MWYHL/SYIC
Dagobah
The Signal
Wise Advice

Characters(6)
Yoda
Obi Wan Kenobi
Obi Wan With Lightsaber
Luke With Lightsaber
Luke Skywalker
Daughter of Skywalker

Weapons(2)
Anakins Lightsaber
Obi Wans Lightsaber

Starships(7)
Lando in Millenium Falcon
x3 Red Squadron X-Wing
x3 Gold Squadron Y-Wing

Locations(5)
Yoda's Hut
Training Area
Courscant
Kiffex
Kessel

Effects(9)
Yoda's Hope
Lightsaber Proficiency
Goo Nee Tay
Draw Their Fire
Uncontrollable Fury
Battle Plan
Traffic Control
x2 Projection of a Skywalker

Interrupts(25)
Armed and Dangerous
Noble Sacrifice
Gift of the Mentor
Star Destroyer!
Blaster Deflection
Smoke Screen
x2 Clash of Sabers
x2 Weapon Levitation
x2 Don't forget the Droids
x2 Glancing Blow
x3 Tunnel Vision
x4 The Signal
x4 Organized Attack



Strategy: 

Sorry, forgot to add...
Jedi Tests(2)
Jedi Test 1
Jedi Test 2

Your first objective is to train Daughter of Skywalker to Jedi Test 2 by getting out Yoda, the sites, and Yoda's Hope.  You shouldn't have any trouble drawing the destinies for completion.	Your next priority is to get out the Projection of a Skywalkers and Battle Plan.  This should make them pay for drains and make them do minimal damage with them.

Then you have to make a choice...
If they have a large amount of space power (mass ties in particular) they can keep you from draining at your systems.  But unless they want to pay for drains they are going to have a few sites out, destroy their forces there, (it shouldn't be hard if they are space based) and drain at their sites, this will slow down their drains and their lack of force may turn the tides in the battles in space.  But because there are so few good DS drain systems you should win a drain race.  If they happen to be playing pure space you could be in trouble, but I have never seen one, and I rarely see a large amount of space power in any DS decks in my area.(Yavin 4, Knoxville, TN)

If they have no or minimal space power(I know many DS decks pack Executers and Hunter Ships for HB)you should control the skies and drain there.  I understand that with Battle Plan out you will have to pay for drains as well, but you will probably have less of them, and it will hurt you for much less. If they try to spread and drain on the ground you should attack with your forces.(you would be surprised at what these guys can do!) If they try to protect their drains you can Projection their sites and they should lose the drain race against you.  Try to keep in mind that although your smack forces are small and usually suicidal, the masses of interrupts and effects can keep them there and wanting more.

Now for weeknesses...
Against RalOps, a fast RalOps deck with many ships will probably beat you, but you should never make it easy for them, make them deploy practically everything so they won't win by much.(BTW, I didn't see a single RalOps deck at the last tourney.(two days ago)

Against Hunt Down, you can probably win a drain race, and I've included enough duel protection to keep your guys alive long enough to do some damage.

Against COTVG, I don't know how well this deck would do because I have yet to play against one.(BTW, there was one Court deck at the last tourney, though)

Against ISB, they won't be draining for much and you can apply the beat and win.


Considering the addition of...
x2 Grimtaash
Bacta Tank
Redemtion
Some Pilots
Docking and Repair Facilities

any recommendations on what to take out?

Thank you,
Talz 