---
layout: post
author: Carson "Artoo316" Bell
title: 'Your Prayers Havent Been Answered-The Deal Has Been Altered Much FurtherFurther'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-19
description: ! 'A Dark Deal Deck which uses TIEs and Dreadnaughts to control Bespin and Cloud City while use some generals and commanders with Were in Attack Position Now.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'starting(7)
This Deal is getting Worse All the Time
Cloud City Port Town District
Secret Plans
Prepared defenses
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
Crush the Rebellion

Locations(7)
Bespin
Bespin Cloud City
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Cloud City West Gallery
Cloud City Upper Walkway
Cloud City East Platform(docking bay)
Executor Docking Bay

Characters(18)
General Veers
General Tagge
Admiral Motti
Admiral Piett
Admiral Chiraneau
Admiral Ozzel
Emperor Palpatine x2
Darth Vader w/lightsaber x2
Mara Jade x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Commander Igar
OS-72-10
Navy Trooper Fenson

Starships(12)
Executor
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser x4
The Emperor’s Sword
The Emperor’s Shield
Black 11
Obsidian 7
Obsidian 8
Obsidian 10
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Vehicles(2)
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 6

Effects(6)
Dark Deal
Cloud City Occupation
Overseeing It Personally
Search and Destroy
Resistance
Security Precautions

Interrupts(6)
All Power to Weapons x2
Imperial Command x3
Twi’Lek Advisor

Admiral’s Orders(2)
We’re in Attack Position Now x2
'

Strategy: '

*there shouldn’t be 2 furthers in the title I just messed up and didn’t check

The objective stops opponent from modifying your drains when it is flipped.

Drains are the story of this deck.  I use Dark deal, overseeing it, cloud city occupation, and we’re in attack position now to cause big force loses.  I use the docking bays to get force and be able to get a fast start.  I never put down bespin cloud city until I am ready to play dark deal.  i pull the Executor using Mobilization Points.  I use imperial commands to get out my generals and admirals and use Piett to get Commadner Igar usualy.

vs Hidden Base-Hidden base is the main weakness of this deck because they cancel drains and it is hard to control the system to use occupation and We’re in Attack position now.	Try to probe fast and stop them from canceling drains.	A good hidden base should win but with luck you can probe and get in some huge drains late.  I f you win it won’t be by much.

vs Training-use CC occupation to make them loses force and pump up that loses with we’re in attack position now.	If you get going fast this game should be no problem.

vs Profit- out drain them  If they go to try a beatdown on cloud city use imperial command. To either add a destiny to get rid of charcters or limit them to 1 to keep your characters around.

vs TIGIH- get out dark deal and get +4 in battles on cloud city and crush the rebellian will limit their destinies.  Stop them from winning battles and drain to death.

'