---
author: Justin "H2O" Desai
title: Huntdown 2k--By H2O
side: Dark
date: 2000-10-29
description: Every one’s been waiting for it, Heres the deck that everyone will soon be playing.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Start(8)
HDDTJ
2x Ex Sites
visage
prepared defences
m points
IAO
No escape

Locations(3)
carida
DS docking bay
CC docking bay


Characters(20)
5x Epp vader(you’ll see why)
2x Dr Eveazan(that’s why)
2x GMT
2x Emp
2x janus
sim
2x mara
sarkili
evax
cabel
fett w gun

vehicles(2)
blizzard 2
tempist 1

weapons(1)
mara’s saber

Ships(6)
fett in slave 1
executor
zuckuss in pill
bossk in bus
chimera
dengar in PO

effects(5)
2x disarmed
search and destroy
visage
l damage

Interupts(15)
3x masterful move(mainly for janus abuse)
3x operational as planned(ditto)
2x put all sections on alert
2x sniper
3x YAB
2x barrier



Strategy: 

Ok, so it’s huntdown, it’s also bad ass.  Why was huntdown good before DS2?  Because it ran high destiny and played mains and also had direct damage.  Why is this huntdow good??  Because it does the same thing the old huntdow did nbut with less card slots.  Example, in the old days, you’d have to run tons of high destiny(mainly useless cards) in your huntdown just to get good destiny draws.  But now with janus and operational as planned, you can track like a madman and always draw a 5 or 6, and i’m only using 8 slots(2x janus, 3x masterful move, 3x o as planned).
Activation is the same way, in the old days good hunt down decks ran lots of twixs to get high activation.  But with mobilaztion points all you need are three locations to get the activatio going.  You’ll be activating 10-12 by turn 3 every game you play.  So I save card slots, what do i use those card slots for?? Well i added in the whole disramed dr e package w/epp vader and lemme tell you, it’s freaking sick.  Ok, example, say the opponent has ben, jedi luke and epp han at a site, both jedis with their sabers, the ls player is thinking he’s got the site pretty secure.  Wrong, down come epp vader and dr e.	Jedi luke gets disarmed and operated. Ben gets Yab’d, now it’s you against their one measley han, you hit him and draw a tracked 6(janus anyone?).  You’re 13 to his 4, he loses 9 to a battle he should ahve won.
Against any type of deck that runs mains just battle them off.	Profit, TRM, RST, just kill their mains.  You’ll be able to.  Against HB space just consolidate your forces and probe around.   And against EBO,(the hardest matchup, here’s what you do, Deploy 1 docking bay(not both!) get vader to the docking bay, and get a walker to the 4th marker, set up search and destroy, unless they drop a character, they’ll be losing 2 force per turn, if they do drop someone, drop mara and dr e and operate to knock them off.  If you see the oportunity to battle them in space take it.

So against:
HB: search and destroy, visage, probe in space.  Easy win most of the time.

Ebo: search and destroy, visage, battle in space selectively, kill their guys if they try to come down.
Profit: auto win, start Fett and mara, drop vader down, disarm and YAb their mains, kill their other guys.

MWYHL: tough but just set up search and a bunch of ships at carida.  Get dengar in PO out asap to stop the superfalcon.
It will be close but the only force you’ll lose from them is their afas, they’ll be losing alot more.

TRM: same thing against all mains deck.  Kill their dudes, let direct damegeeat away.

So it’s a solid deck.  Plays well.  And is hella lot of fun to play!! 