---
author: Nick "JediBrain" Stefanko
title: 'The Ewok Drain v2.0'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-01-27
description: 'This is the best all-around Ewok deck.  With the ability to beat down anyone who steps on Endor, and the ability to take the hurt to them on their own planet, the losses add up bigtime.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

LOCATIONS
Endor: Back Door
Endor: Dense Forest
Endor: Rebel Landing Side (Forest)
Farm
Jungle

CHARACTERS
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Commander Wedge Antilles
Daughter Of Skywalker
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Luke With Lightsaber
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Ewok Spearman (x13)
Figrin D'an
Graak
Ithorian (x3)
Kal'Falnl C'ndros
Kazak (x2)
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Threepio

STARSHIP
Red Leader In Red 1

EFFECTS
Anger, Fear, Aggression (x2)
Bargaining Table
Lightsaber Proficiency
Mechanical Failure
Scramble
Traffic Control

INTERRUPTS
Careful Planning
Endor Celebration
Ewok Rescue
Krayt Dragon Howl
Lost In The Wilderness
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes (x3)
Rug Hug
Sorry About The Mess
Sound The Attack (x2)
Surprise Assault (x4)
The Signal
Transmission Terminated


Strategy: 

Starting stuff:
Endor: Dense Forest, Careful Planning for Farm and Jungle

Object of deck:
Spread out early (starting at the Jungle) and begin draining with any Ewok and an Ewok Spearman at each site, while getting Ithorians and Kazak out fast to make the drains hurt more; Graak adds to this much more.
If your opponent decides to take Endor, Ewok Rescue and Sound The Attack will help change your opponent's mind; Anger, Fear, Aggression presses the issue and should provide the big hurt to them.
The mains are reinforcements to the Ewoks, and can attack off-Endor.
Surprise Assault the drains of your opponent, hopefully making big losses for him/her.
Rug Hug can be used for a little extra defensive power, or you can surprise your opponent by pulling it off!
Krayt Dragon Howl is good to protect a surviving lone main from a battle you initiated.
Mechanical Failure takes care of damn Walkers.
Lightsaber Proficiency buffs up EPP Luke and EPP Obi and adds 1 to drains if they're left at a site w/o DS presence.
Commander Wedge Antilles and KFC are for forfeit sacking, and keep the mains from dying off from attrition.

Force retrieval engine is Figrin D'an and Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes on the Spearman for a big one-time retrieval.
