---
author: Norman "Norman" Horn
title: 'Off the Deep End'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-24
description: 'The LS deck I brought to states, the title is a tribute to Weird Al Yankovic.  A Throne Room Revo deck that is built to counter everything.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 


Unknown Type:
Dagobah: Yoda's Hut
Farm
Hoth: Echo Command Center (War Room)
Jabba's Palace: Entrance Cavern
Rendezvous Point
Swamp
Tatooine: Jundland Wastes
Yavin 4: Massassi Throne Room

Characters (13)
Ben Kenobi  x2
Chewbacca
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2
Luke With Lightsaber
Master Luke  x2
Obi-Wan Kenobi	x2
Orrimaarko

Creatures (2)
Nudj  x2

Starships (2)
Millennium Falcon  x2

Interrupts (19)
Alter
Careful Planning
Courage Of A Skywalker
Effective Repairs  x2
Glancing Blow
Nabrun Leids  x2
Sense  x6
Smoke Screen  x2
The Signal  x3

Effects (12)
Mantellian Savrip
Order To Engage
Revolution  x7
Traffic Control
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?  x2

Weapons (4)
Anakin's Lightsaber  x2
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber  x2


Strategy: 

So you say this looks like Matt Lush's deck?  Well you're partially right -- except that this version is better.  It is more versatile, with better space power and ground support, plus it balances its own strategies better with more Signals and Grabbers.  Plus the Effective Repairs act like extra Revolutions.  'Oh boy, you Evadered that one single Revo, I guess I'll play my Effective Repairs and retrieve it.  Big whoop don't you think???'  I took this deck to states and went 2-1, the only loss being to Hunt Down by 5.

The basic strategy is force choke while countering Evader.  You do this by using What're You Trying to Push On Us to grab it.	This deck is able to stop decks with multiple Evaders, and if the opponent is only using 1 they're generally toast.  This has been proven in tournament play, beating decks by 39 and 27 while only losing to a great Hunt Down deck by only 5, and even then it was because of bad shuffling and no Revos in the starting hand.

You play with Ben Kenobi and Masta Luke because they just rock, get out one of your Tatooine locations, then Ben of course.  You usually don't have a problem doing this.  If you need Obi-Wan very quickly, like if you're playing Operatives or Ralltir Ops, then you still have the Premiere Obi-Wans for back-up.

Operatives -- Get out Obi-Wan Kenobi and Masta Luke pronto.  Beat the snot out of them while dealing them damage to Order to Engage.  Revo all important locations -- their system, Swamp, Jungle.  Be careful not to be lured into the Desert, a Sandwhirl could end this deck's power real quick.  Masta Luke bounces an Op, Premiere Obi moves one, you shouldn't have a problem preventing lots of destinies.  Your superior activation and power potential should seize the day.

Hunt Down -- Ahh, it is these games we live for.  You should have an exciting game, because you will definitely need to move fast to disrupt them.  They'll definitely start Crush, so having a Grabber is a must.  Get Orrimaarko to the Holotheatre to cancel Visage if you can, or just Nabrun around to it.  if they don't start Crush, just laugh.  Sense duels or Focused Attacks if you've set the destinies well.  Try to get the duel cards if you can.

Ralltir Ops -- Shouldn't be a bad game.  Give them no force save your Tatooine locations (but only if you get a Ben quickly), grab Evader, Revo the 2-0's, swarm the planet with your superior power and use Order to Engage to deal any damage that the battles won't.  If you don't let them flip you should have it easy.  If not then hey, just be careful.

ISB -- Same method as Ralltir Ops, except you probably will have to worry about a flip, especially if they use tons of Docking Bays.  Don't worry about the Falcons, save everything for ground assault.  Trust me, if they can't get there Coruscant un-revoed then you have a great advantage.  This type of game shouldn't even be as hard as Ralltir Ops.  It shows cuz my first win in tournament play with this deck was against ISB by 39.  You just pound them into submission.

Court -- Revo the Dungeon, kill everything with BK, baby!  Don't worry about space until you have to, just drain away and keep your guys from being captured.	It's not really popular around here, but you can beat it.

Big Space Decks -- Drain at EC and JW and use the Falcon with Han + Chewie or Han + Leia for 2 destiny.  Run around revoeing and damaging them from drains and OTE.

Tatooine + Jabba's Palace + Occupation -- Revo Tatooine and go right at them.	Again, you shouldn't have a huge problem, just blow everything away while revoing for advantages.

Against ANY OTHER DECK revo everything you possibly can after grabbing the Evader (if a Crush start) and pound whatever they put out, while draining at the Entrance Cavern and Jundland Wastes.  Props to Matt Lush for all the help and tips.  This deck is here with his blessing.

Until next time, God bless,
~Norman
