---
layout: post
author: Justin "H2O" Desai
title: 'The SCREWdriver'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-03
description: 'This Deck beats any deck that relys on mains and toys to win games.This deck is also very solid against the other popular decks out there.This deck is anti tech.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Start(6)
CCt
console
CC prison
carbonite chamber
Twilek
oppresive enforcement

Characters(9)
3x DVDLOTS
EPP Vader
2x Mara Jade
jabba the Hutt
Bane Malar
Igar

Vehicles(2)
Tempist 1
Blizzard 2

Weapons(3)
2x vaders saber
Jade's saber

Starships(6)
Executor
Avenger
2x ZiMH
Bossk in Ht
Fett in S1

Locations(4)
Death Star
Audience chamber
cantina
kashyyyk

Effects(8)
2x they'll be hell to pay
s. precautions(start vs HB)
battle order(start vs opps)
Ability, Ability, ability
resistance
come here you...
search and destroy

Interupts(21)
Twilek
12x scanning crews(that's right, twelve!!)
2x frustration(used for girard's trick)
2x Masterful move
2x monnok
ghhhk
You are beaten

creatures(1)
bubo



Strategy: 

first of all, props to Bossk Hogg for telling me the name of this deck was created by someone else.  To whoever created the deck name, dude I'm sorry i didn't know, If i could change it i would.  Shoulda known this deck name was already taken, again sorry.

<< Second of all, the deck list is screwed up, i should have 2x Jodo Kast and Brangus glee.  And this deck should not have the walkers and Igar.>>

Now the Srtatagy:
Ok, first off when you see this you'll scream, only 11 characters??!?!?
But believe me thats enough, the 12 screws will guarentee that a main will never hit the table, and the characters you have will be plenty to take out the likes of twass khaa melas and eloms.
for my stratagy I'll first tell you the tech in this deck and then i'll run over how to play it, and the how to play it against speciphic deck types.
On to the tech:
CCt itself: elliminates one rebel at the start of the game.

scanning crew: elliminates many rebels during the game.  In all the games I've played with this deck, only twice has a rebel hit the table, and both times it was Luke from reserve deck with MWYHL (i won those games anyway)

ability abilty, abilty:  since his characters rebels will never be in his hand, he will have a hard time deploying cards with ability(except if he's playing space or non-uniques, more on that later) this will mean he will lose 2 force every turn, this can be a game breaker vs. many decks, most notably MWYHL.

Search and destroy; same as A,A,A.  these two cards work awesome with screws.

Frustration: gets rid of his potential grabbers, this is big.

Audience chamber: deploys from reserve deck, Mara and her saber come from RD as well, drain of 2 the whole game. also revolution proof.

Ships:	why so many?  Need this many to probe against HB, has enough space battling power too.

Jodo Kast:  why 2?  Anti super falcon, just in case he gets out super falcon, i can drop him as a passanger abourd one of my ships and take out the falcon.

Ok, thats it for the tech, now for the anti tech:

Shocking Info:	The screw killer, my anti tech for this is the two grabbers, grab only this card, most LS decks play with max 2 shocking infos, that means max i'll have to lose 8 force all game from this card, a small price to pay.  SHOCKING INFO IS NOT A PROBLEM FOR THIS DECK!!

SAC:  Not a problem, his high ability rebels never reach the table so he can't play SAC.

Revolutions: not a problem, main drain site is revo proof, carbonite chamber, if he wants to revo that fine, more drain potentail for me.  massive activation is not that neccearary for this deck to function.

Ok onto the stratagy:
Basic plan is very simple, scan there hand constantly so they never get mains out.  Drain at the audience chamber and carbonite chamber with mara and Vader with sabers(both interior sites so don't worry about speeder beats.)
your drains and AAA and search and destroy shouldbe enough to win you the game against most varients of mains and toys.  against mains and toys decks that start with obis hut, just drop jade and drain for 4 the whole game.

Ok, onto the matchups:
TRM(or other mains varients):  If they get a main out first turn don't worry about it, just drop vader and kill him, the rest of his mains will never hit the table. His revos will be useless.  He might be able to sac a few screws but they'll just go to used pile.
AAA and his inabilty to get out mass mains will kill him.  TRM=easy win.

Profit: Start with Jabba and Jade, convert his audience cahmeber, and screw him outta his mind.  Battle off his aliens and play search and destroy and AAA.  Most likely he'll never free han.
Most important is to screw Masta Luke and Ben.

HB:  hardest matchup by far.
start security precautions, drain on land with sabers and play search and destroy.  Move you armada of ships around while probing.  eventually you'll probe right and that will give you the advantage.  Tough matchup but you should be able to out drain him, his inabilty to drain for alot early on will give you the adavntage.  Also a well timed monnok will give you a boost.

Opps:  Another hard matchup.  start battle plan, play your monnoks wisely, screw his mains and battle his opps.  just drop mains on his planet, most likely he won't have enough battleing power to compete.

MWYHL:	easy win, your drains will be minamized, and uncontroable fury will hurt, but screwing his mains and the effects of search and destroy and AAA will win you this game.	Get out YAB to cancel uncontaoable fury, or just don't deploy vader at all.

Ok, so thats about it, I think this deck is awesome, can't wait to play it at the regionals.  any questions send me a message, And also, if you don't understand any of my stratagy, please don't rate my deck until you find out what I'm talking about.  Peace--H2O
