---
layout: post
author: ! Alfred "ThaBraHmaBuL" Dong
title: ! "This is The Rock/s show......"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-06-13
description: ! 'Ral Ops that can cripple almost any deck out there in a zip....'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start (4)

Raltiir Jobberations/In the Hands of the J.O.B.
Raltiir
Twilek Advisor
Imperial Arrest Order

Locations (11)

 Swamp
 Forest
 Jungle
 Docking Bay
Kashyyyk
Courscant
Death Star
Hoth Ice Plains
Hoth Wampa Cave
Death Star War Room
Dagobah Cave

Characters(16)

Darth Vader, DLOTS
EPP Vader
Grand Moff Tarkin
Liuetenant Arnet
Liuetenant Cabbel
Officer Evax
Admiral Ozzel
DS-61-2
Navy Trooper Vesden
Seargent Torrent
Mara Jade, The Emporer's Ho
IG-88 w/ gun
AT-ST Pilot x4

Starships (5)

Bossk in Schooler's Bus for Pimps
Devastator
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Vader's Personal Shuttle
Zuckuss in Mist Sprayer

Vehicles (6)

Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6

Effects(8)

Crush the Rebellion
Oppressive Enforcement
Therell be Hell to Pay x2
Battle Order
Imperial Decree
Bad Feelings Have I
Search and Destroy

Interrupts (10)

Trample x2
Alter x2
Evader
Shocking Revalation
Shut Em Up or Shut Em Down
Masterful Move
Monnok
Point Man


'

Strategy: '

Were all sick of Raltiir Ops, but hey, I promised a new deck, and here it is.... This deck can counter and adjust against anything, and open a can of whoop @$$ on any deck willing to get in its way.

Set up on Raltiir as you please, but make sure your walkers are there at at least 2 of the sites. As long as youve got a walker at each site you occupy, Romas and Beezer will either get Trampled, or do less damage against you than had a lone guy had been there.

Set up in space, and get out Battle Order/Decree via the objective, which will win alot of your games.....should they come battle you anywhere, theyd better be prepared for heavy casualties, since you at least 3 to all your total destiny(you can get up to 5, so by all means, max it out).

Point Man is there to knock off OTE, Scramble, Asteroid Sanct, etc, Shocking Rev for tracked 5 and Oola, and SEUOSED is for the annoying Bacta Tank and Death Star Plans.......the rest is pretty self-explanatory.


What to do vs...


Profit Set up on Raltiir fast, but make sure your sites are beatdown-proof. Set up Decree to kill off all thier drains, beat up his ships should he try and take you out in space. After Decree is set, all youve got to worry about is Profit damage....which you have IG and Vader to do the job and kill Han or any main to cause damage.

MWYHL I dont know why people bother.....use Search and Destroy to knock them for Visage-type damage every turn.....drain on Raltiir and Kashyyyk(for one....it does damage). Start Bad Feelings to slow them to a worm, invade dagobah if you get the chance.

Hidden Base Search and Destroy will smack them for alot here, and just send you ships up and probe after they flip, because theyd kill them off before if they didnt. Theres no Security Precautions, I know....but 99% of the time, theres no beat down that cant be avoided if youre smart.

EBO Well, since its on its way back, all you ever need is Decree. Let them set up, you can speed setup if you need to as well. Set up Battle Order and Search and Detroy as well, thats game... back your ships up with junky Imperials if you need it, make sure they stay alive.

RTP Hahahahaha this is a joke....they give you lots of force to start the game, so just use it....set Search and Destroy, Battle Order, and drain them out.....out of play means crap when all your guys are jobbers.


Thats all.....for numbers youve got Vesden(Demotion can kiss my @$$ because hes a trooper), everything else is included. This is the Rocks show, so rate it seriously.


The Brahma Bull

'