---
layout: post
author: Jamie "JEEBS" Giberti
title: 'This Deal Is Getting Expensive'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-06-06
description: 'Drains, beats, bit of sabacc. Wish I had taken this to my regional instead of Skrillings!'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting:

This Deal is getting worse....
Cloud City: Carbonite Chamber
Secret Plans
All Wrapped Up
Twi*Lek Advisor
Oppressive Enforcement (6)

Locations:

Cloud City: Interrogation Room
Cloud City: Downtown plaza
Cloud City: Port Town
Cloud City: Casino
Cloud City: East Platform
Bespin
Bespin: Cloud City (7)

Effects:

Expand The Empire
Dark Deal
Cloud City Occupation
All Too Easy
Reactor Terminal
Security precautions (6)

Starships/Vehicles/Big Blue Stuff

Executor
Conquest
Devastator
Bossk in Bus
Zuckuss in MH
Dengar in P1
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1 (8)

Weapons/Devices

Vader*s Lightsabre
Mara*s Lightsabre
Interrogation Array (3)

Characters:

2 x Mara Jade, The Emperor*s Hand
2 x Darth Vader
Grand Moff Tarkin
Boba Fett (CC)
Jabba (SE)
2 x Lando Calrissian
Brangus Glee
Ig-88 with Riot Gun
Jodo Kast
4-Lom with concussion rifle
Lobot
U-3P0
Djas Phur
Ree-Yees (17)

Interrupts:

4 x Cloud City Sabacc
2 x Elis Helrot
2 x Alter
2 x Sense
It*s Worse
Evader
Aiiii Aaaa Agggggg! (13)

NB: If you don*t want to use torture stuff, take out:

CC: interrogation room
interrogation array
Aiiii aaaaa agggg

and put in:

Control
Bad Feeling have I
CC: Lower corridor


Strategy: 

NBB: Take out djas phur for a real hero to help protect Lando!

This is a quite fun this deal deck which has also been very competitive. Despite what some people say, it isn*t that hard to flip it, especially cos
you can take the crucial stuff into hand from reserve deck.
It has no problem going to battle the opponent wherever they are, but it is quite happy to sit and drain. Sabacc is there for whenever you need it, and with 2 lando*s and brangus, should be quite easy to do. Leave Mara or DV at the carbonite chamber with stick, and all too easy is a nice bonus for you. 8 force can really hurt. The light s/a package is there if you need it, it*s good for stopping narrow escape during profit games, even if they have Do, or do not out.
Big blue is there to maintain bespin, if they*re playing HB and you park the executor at bespin and probe, they*ll never get rid of you!

Here*s some specifics:

VS MWYHL Proper

Try and drain like hell before they get great warrior out. Once that happens, pile Vader, mara, Tarkin, and Iggy on the bus and go and pay them a visit. Once you kill Luke/Leia, JT*s are suspended (or lost if you get there before they flip) so go back to draining. Sabacc can really help your differential if they are playing things like surprise assault. Control bespin so if they play battle plan it doesn*t matter.

VS Fake MWYHL/Fake HB

Don*t spread out too much as you know they will come to get you. try and get at least one weapon in every group of characters you have to wittle their mains away. Try and keep iggy alive as he will screw them! Sabacc is an effective way of seeing how many copies of mains they*re packing.
Keep your characters in groups, and let them make the first move. You should beat them down!

real HB

Drain on the ground and maybe get dd set up, but land the ship! Until they flip, they won*t be able to keep up with your drains, and when they flip, probe bespin and they*ll never stop you. Use the BH ships to probe everywhere else, and you should do well!

Profit:

Start Mara and Jabba. Jabba is an alien leader so he is immune to attrition so they will never get rid of you. Keep the ac relitively well guarded, but don*t forget CC. They may try to go there if they think they will never free han, so don*t over commit. There is always Elis Helrot, but never use if they have 2 force!

Throne room:

Basically the same as Fake HB/ training. Don*t spread too thin, and be careful. Watch out for destiny adders. Sabacc could pull these games back for you, so keep lando and brangus well guarded!

Numbers:

Sware loudly! Seriously, use people like 4-lom and ree-yees and brangus, but watch for mains beats. If they don*t have mains, so long as you keep to the destiny 3 people, you should be fine!	