---
layout: post
author: ! Eric "bounty22" Hunter
title: ! "mass stae winner. rumors"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-30
description: ! 'this deck is something i came up with after ejp came out. my brother played it though cause i already had a deck.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'11
Corulag
Coruscant
Death Star
Death Star War Room
Endor
Endor Bunker
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Fondor
Kashyyyk
Kessel
Kiffex

16
Admiral Ozzel
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Commander Igar	x2
Darth Vader With Lightsaber  x3
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Ephant Mon
Grand Moff Tarkin
Lieutenant Cabbel
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand	x2
Officer Evax

4
Blizzard 2
Dune Walker
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 3

9
Avenger
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Death Squadron Star Destroyer
Dengar In Punishing One
Devastator
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
Executor
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

10
Boring Conversation Anyway
Evader
Masterful Move
Monnok	x2
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
Surface Defense
Surprise
Those Rebels Won't Escape Us
You Are Beaten

7
Battle Order
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Lateral Damage
Ominous Rumors
Resistance
There Is No Try

2
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Homing Beacon

1
Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost
'

Strategy: '

always surface defense for resistance and their is no try.

this is the mass winning dark deck.it is a basic rumors that has more tech then the (atempt yogi bear acent)average deck. well i will tell some of the tech. when you play this remember you have 8 locations floating in the deck. so search your deck after you get your rumors so you can decide to draw or not. this way you will get your locations. now that you have tasted tech i will tell about my deck.
this is very basic. try to get some guys at the bunker to start off with a early drain wit rumors. then if you get elaphant man or some anti revo you can leave a guy alone as you build up on the db. however unless necassary do not play mara or vader. they are for suicide runs,anti nudj, and anti revo on the bunker. do your thing in space. fondor for easy executer and to hamper corvettes(if they play spiral it will take 3 force to react with). kashyyyk drain, kiffex drain. curlag to help executer move around. kessel to get capitals out quick.

against mwyhl- invade degabah, take out tests, game. also if you can't invade degabah you will be able to get a ok drain. this is easily won.

against tr- they wil try some funk by putting a nudj to your db or to your bunker. mara is in there to take out the nudj's. also your space will beat theirs. hide inside the bunker cause you will get smacked hard otherwise. beware superfalcon. you can win this.

against revolver- try thee normal gameplan. however try to pile onto the db as soon as you can. this will prevent a smack on the guys inside your bunker. the revos won't hurt that much exspeialy since you can find your locations easy.

against speeder ops- this will be a drain race. use decree or batle order to which you can get by doing the tech i had already mentchiond(sp).control both sites to get a huge drain going.do suicide attacks or build up on the farm. this can/will be won.

against hidden base-security percautions won't matter much cause they damage won't mater that much. i think you can win in space easy. however if canons or super falcon are big in your area put in overload and more lateral damages to take care of both. this will be won.

against anything else- play smart and use tech. this deck and hunt down are the best types of decks out there. that fact alone will win you many a game.

some aded cards. you may want twi'lek so you can start decree or batle order against ops. another surprise or imperial justice to anti revo. that's about it.
later all. '