---
layout: post
author: John "Parn12" Digiovanni
title: 'How'd This Thing Win?'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-21
description: 'Bring Him Before Me with more than enough power to wipe out the rebellion three times over and still have enough for lunch.  Can do some nice drains too!'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Objective:
Bring Him Before Me

Locations(7)
Kashyyyk
Endor
Sullust
Death Star II: Throne Room
Death Star II: Docking Bay
Cloud City: East Platform (Docking Bay)
Spaceport Docking Bay

Characters(17)
Sim Aloo
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x2
Lord Vader x2
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand x2
Emperor Palpitine
General Veers
General Tagge
Admiral Motti
Admiral Piett
Admiral Ozzel
Commander Igar
Admiral Chiraneau
Grand Moff Tarkin
Colonel Davod Jon

Weapons(3)
Vader's Lightsaber x2
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Starships(8)
Avenger
Devastator
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser x2
Flagship Executor
Vengeance

Combat Vehicles(4)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2

Interrupts(6)
Prepared Defenses
Twi'Lek Advisor
Imperial Command x2
I Have You Now x2

Effects(14)
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
Crush The Rebellion
Battle Order
Reactor Terminal
I Am Your Father
Leave Them To Me
You Cannot Hide Forever
Emperor's Power
Your Destiny
Insignificant Rebellion
Presense of the Force x2
Oppressive Enforcement

Strategy: 

Well, I went into making this deck with the problem on my mind that the dark side, well, could stand to be just a tad quicker.  So, I'm sure everyone out there has already thought of this, but I put together Imperial Arrest Order (to get my docking bays) and Mobilization Points (to generate as much as 2 or 3 force per DB) to get my activation up as quickly as I can.  All the games that this deck has played have been won by sheer power and numbers (just kept coming at the light side), with only a couple of exceptions.
Light Side space decks, completely focused decks, could prove to be tricky, the key element to focus on here is to either stay away from them in space, or mass for one huge battle and crush them in one strong hit.  Most of the time I set up drains on the ground and go from there.  Things are exceptionally good when Luke hits a starship (though it'll be hard to lure your opponent into not giving Luke to you, but it can happen).  Simply toss Vader out and let Your Destiny take him for a ride.  Most of the sites in the deck are also Mobile sites, which means Crush the Rebellion is your best friend from now on.  Also, between Emperor's Power, Imperial Command, and I Have You Now, you should have no problem with destiny... just the flaw of the deck is its generally low destiny draw.	Track Battle Order, Flagship Executor, and the Dreadnaughts for nice destiny draws (don't forget Oppressive Enforcement).  If (which is a general occurance) your opponent decides to come chase you with Luke, sacrifice the fact that Your Destiny is working and get Vader on a Combat Vehicle... Luke'll come running into a squad of Tempest Scouts led by Igar on Tempest 1 and Vader on Scout 2 packing a I Have You Now just for Luke.  The only other way to deal with Luke is to duel him (track the big destiny draws, win a few, stack Insignicant Rebellion, make him lose 4 each time) and then go for the turn once you get about 3 or 4 stacked.  Most of the time though you'll be the one hunting down your opponent, so happy hunting!  Don't forget that if your opponent isn't worth going after to set your system drains up (each one is a starting 2, 3 if Chiraneau is lurking out there, 4 if you drop a pres, lure him out to fight you!).  Feedback'll be lovely, suggestions too!  Yes, I know Rise My Friend and Force Lightnings'll help, but supply and demand, and I don't have the supply.  I'll just have to update it later :)