---
layout: post
author: Andrew "Gadget" Ledwith
title: 'In Time Of War The Law Falls Silent'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-01-03
description: ! 'This deck is a big blue variant. Dominates in space and does well on the ground.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (9)
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Cloud City Port Town District
Death Star
Endor
Endor Back Door
Endor Forest Clearing
Kashyyyk
Kessel
Kiffex

Characters (17)
Admiral Ozzel
Chief Bast
Commander Igar
Commander Nemet
Darth Vader  x2
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Grand Moff Tarkin  x2
Lieutenant Arnet
Lieutenant Cabbel
Lieutenant Grond
Officer Evax
U-3PO (Yoo-Threepio)
Warrant Officer M'Kae

Vehicles (5)
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 6

Starships (10)
Boba Fett in Slave I  x2
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Devastator
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser  x3
Executor
Vader's Personal Shuttle

Interrupts (6)
Masterful Move
Monnok
Shocking Revelation
Twi'lek Advisor  x3

Effects (12)
A Bright Center To The Universe
Battle Order
Broken Concentration
First Strike
Imperial Arrest Order
Lateral Damage
Oppressive Enforcement
Reactor Terminal
Resistance
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay

Devices (1)
Homing Beacon  '

Strategy: '

Your starting location is the Death Star, along with Twi'lek Advisor. Here's the rundown of starting Effects

vs. Profit I've been doing some thinking (no really) and I think that a start of Secret Plans is your best bet. Since you start Death Star you're letting him go first, and this will allow him the option of releasing his first turn (you have no aliens to give him, so there's no potential for a first turn beatdown). A start of Secret Plans will either slow down his rescue attempt or prevent him from retrieving 5-10 force. Put most of your characters on the ground and try to control 2 or so systems. Kill off the mains as best you can. Don't fall into a Bo Shuda + Worrt + Rennek + OTE trap at the AC, since this will cost you 3 per turn. If they also play Tatooine Celebration kill them in space and cancel it.

vs. Other Forms Of Mains & Toys Always start IAO. Get your forfeits up from the beginning. Try to dominate space with an iron fist. They will probably throw a Landing Claw at you, so cancel it with Homing Beacon. I would probably deploy one site (preferably the Forest Clearing) and set up a drain of 2 and fulfill Battle Order. This will force him into space or make him pay for his drains.

vs. Hidden Base Start Security Precautions. You'll be activating 5 to start with and will get even more with all the systems he puts down. Twi'lek for IAO asap. Don't deploy any of your systems if you can avoid it (only to convert), so that the force loss for Security Precautions is around 7-8. Once you probe his HB system you can deploy more if you really need to, but most of his systems will probably be drain-2 systems for you, so it shouldn't be necessary. You have a lot of power in here, so go right for him. Grapple his Organized Attack. If it's got #s, set up Resistance to make the force loss only 2.

vs. Ops Start Battle Order. Again, try to get IAO out asap. Set up ABC2Uni to kill the modifiers. Even Resistance can help here in some cases. Try to get a task force on the planet. With your high forfeit you shouldn't have to lose much from reserve. Again, watch out for Landing Claw.

vs. MWYHL Testing Start Broken Concentration. This should slow down, or even hault his training. Try to get IAO down. Most MWYHL decks won't come for you until at least Test 1 in complete, so even wait for Test 2, so you should have plenty of time to set up.

vs. MWYHL non-Testing If you know that it's a fake-out, then start IAO. Most of these decks are either mass activation Mains decks or X-wing swarm. For the former use the Mains & Toys strategy and for the latter use the HB strategy (except don't start Security Precautions of course).

vs. Quiet Mining Colony Start IAO. I just played (and beat by 45) one of these so I'll tell you what to do. He'll be giving you a good 4+ force for sure. Unless he's spread really thin don't go on the ground. Put the low riders and Vader's Personal Shuttle in the clouds and keep the caps at the system so he can't flip until he goes up there with you. After you apply a swift beatdown there, you may also want to play another system (except Kiffex) so that you can go between the two for draining purposes. If he never comes up there with you don't worry. You'll be draining for 4 and he'd have to control 4 sites of his own to equal your drains. He tries to pull that off then pound him when he spreads thin.

vs. anything else Start IAO. I don't know what else you'll see but this should be your default start in that case.

A few final notes on cards you may have questions about.

You may be wondering why I'm using two of Fett In Slave 1. Let me put it his way. Fett in Slave 1 in space is the equivalent to what Vader is on the ground. Two of him is just my personal preference, but if you don't like it you may take it out for something else.

I'm using two premiere Vaders instead of a different mix because in many games he's in space. He can't choke people in space, nor can his saber hit anyone. His +1 to destiny draws guarantees you attrition in most cases.

Oppressive Enforcement will give me SAC protection for the few cards that need it, but it will also make my Imperial capital starships destiny +1. That combine with Vader makes a Dreadnaught destiny 5 () and the Devastator and the Executor destiny 3.

The Shocking Rev is for Oola protection, which is always a pain. It can also be pulled out with Secret Plans. It's destiny 5 makes it a great destiny to track as well.

You may wonder why I'm using a Masterful Move and only 1 Monnok. The Masterful Move is mostly to cancel Savrip and I put in a Monnok just to keep the destiny 6 cycling.

That's it. LMK what you think of it. '