---
layout: post
author: steve "stevie B" baroni
title: 'Local Uprising With a Big Twist'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-07-23
description: ! ' This is a deck that uses Local Uprising and creates a deck very similar to Throne Room Mains.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Local Uprising With a Big Twist.deck - Sun Jul 23 093926 2000


Unknown Type
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Endor
Farm
Home One War Room
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Kessel
Rendezvous Point
Swamp
Yavin 4 Massassi Headquarters

Characters (18)
Captain Han Solo  x2
Colonel Cracken
General Calrissian  x2
Jeroen Webb
Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2
Lieutenant Blount
Luke Skywalker
Luke With Lightsaber
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x3
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Tycho Celchu
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader

Creatures (2)
Nudj  x2

Starships (7)
Artoo-Detoo In Red 5
Green Squadron 3
Home One
Millennium Falcon  x2
Red Squadron 1
Tantive IV

Interrupts (12)
Alter  x3
Darklighter Spin  x2
Heading For The Medical Frigate
I Know
Sense  x4
The Signal

Effects (11)
Bacta Tank
Honor Of The Jedi
Legendary Starfighter
Mantellian Savrip
Order To Engage
Squadron Assignments
Strike Planning
Traffic Control
Undercover  x2
Your Insight Serves Yo'

Strategy: '

 I played this deck in the Kashyyk Regionals and it went 2-1 Loosing only to Steve Brentsons deck because he was generating way too much force and just beat me down.

 The Start for this deck is Local uprising and endor and the farm. You then use the new starting interrupt to pull out Strike planning, Your Insight Serves You Well and Squadron Assignments. The effect Strike Planning makes it so your opponent can not genrate any force on endor unless they are playing endor operations. You can then pull out the swamp and nudj so they generate no force from your locations, same thing as throne room mains did. Another interesting part of strike planning is the ability to pull out a general from your hand. Thus meaning on your opponents turn you can pull out general calrissian and then on your tuen get out the falcon with squad assignments. I have a kessel in the deck so when you buil up the super falcon you have a steady drain of three for the rest of your game.

 The way I like to play this deck is to just react to whatever my opponent is playing. IF he is playing a strait space deck then i battle him with the super falcon and my other rouge squadron pilots, like wedge and tycho. IF i play a strait ground deck then i just make suicide runs to get ridd of their big drains, while cancelling others with my undercover spies. I also use the four spies i have in the deck to get to twix sites.

  Against the new objective deck i just give them luke as soon as I can and just play very conservative with my battles. I only do suicide runs if I am traking destiny and I know I will out power them, and i just load up all of my ships at kessel so i have a steady drain of three plus the one force they are loosing from their objective should out do their drains on the ground since i have spies.

  Well like i said the deck is pretty self explanitory, all you really do is just play it you would play throne room mains and youll do fine.

Steve Baorni'