---
layout: post
author: ! Kevin "KevOfCrofton" Elia
title: ! "Chocolate Starfish And The Hotdog Flavored Water"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-01
description: ! 'This is version 2 of my My Scum deck.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
My Kind Of Scum/ Fearless And Inventive

Locations (11)
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace
Tatooine Desert Heart
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Lar’s Moisture Farm
Tatooine Tusken Canyon
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba’s Palace Lower Passages
Tatooine x2
Jabba’s Sail Barge Passenger Deck

Characters(22)
Jabba The Hutt
Jabba
Ephant Mon x2
Bib Fortuna
Boelo
Barada
Myo x3
Abyssin x8
Chall Bekan
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
Cloud City Engineer x2

Starships(6)
Boba Fett In Slave 1x2
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth x2
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
IG-88 In IG-2000

Vehicles(1)
Jabba’s Sail Barge

Interrupts(11)
Abyssian Ornament x2
Prepared Defenses
Twi’lek Advisor x2
Hutt Smooch x2
Ghhhk
Imperial Barrier x3

Effects(8)
Power Of The Hutt
Imperial Arrest Order
Hutt Influence
Scum And Villainy x2
Tatooine Occupation
Search And Destroy
Resistance

'

Strategy: '

This deck takes full advantage of the new DS objective, activating huge amounts of force very quickly and dominating Tatooine. Start with the Desert Heart, Jabba’s Palace, reveal Myo as your rep, and use Prepared Defenses to pull No Escape, Power Of The Hutt, and Imperial Arrest Order. On your first turn, you should deploy the Audience Chamber, the Docking Bay 94,  Jabba’s Sail Barge, and the Passenger Deck. That guarantees you 10 force on your second turn, plus any Force your opponent gives you or sites you get in your opening hand. On your second turn, play Boelo, either Jabba or Myo, depending on whether or not you get the other in your opening hand, and begin to set up your stuff. The Abyssians have little trouble holding their own ground, and with the help of your Bounty Hunters and +2 battle destinies from the objective, you should be able to kill anything the opponent throws at you. Once you get Scum And Villainy out, the retrieval and the fun begin. The Cloud City Engineers are to convert back your Jabba’s Palace sites against Profit. If you do play against Profit, I recommend starting with Dengar and Myo, to give you an early jump. Try to set up the Tatooine Occupation with your ships, but watch out for X-Wing swarm, because you don’t have many ships. EPP hit squads can pose a threat, but just make sure to keep your sites well covered. I wanted to add some Imperial Barriers and maybe a Ghhhk or 2, but I couldn’t find the space.  Any opinions will be helpful.

Update
Decided to drop both Mara’s and the Lightsaber, just not worth the space. Added Search & Destroy, since I forgot about it, Resistance, and another Twi’Lek Advisor. Ended up taking out No Escape, because only Tatooine Occupation is affected by Honor. Ended up adding the Barriers and Ghhhk. Like someone said, EBO can seriously hurt you, so try to take over Hoth and cancel it if you get the chance. Otherwise, you may be on the losing end of a big drain race.


'