---
layout: post
author: ! Jim "Stimmed Jim" Li
title: ! "Stimmed Jim s Hidden Base Uprising"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-06
description: ! "Force denial with Strike Planning, this deck will beat rops most of the time, an older version of this went 3-0 at Bespin Regionals."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'


Locations
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Endor
Home One Docking Bay
Home One War Room
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Kessel
Rendezvous Point
Spaceport Docking Bay
Yavin 4 Massassi Headquarters

Characters (19)
Captain Han Solo
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk
Corporal Beezer
General Crix Madine
General Solo
H'nemthe
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2
Lieutenant Blount
Luke With Lightsaber  x2
Melas
Obi-Wan Kenobi	x3
Talz
Tawss Khaa
Wedge Antilles

Starships (5)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Millennium Falcon  x2
Red Leader In Red 1
Spiral

Interrupts (8)
Control
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes
Sense  x2
Shocking Information
The Signal
Weapon Levitation

Effects (14)
Bacta Tank
Draw Their Fire
Frozen Assets
Honor Of The Jedi
I Hope She's All Right
Insurrection
Mantellian Savrip
Mechanical Failure
Order To Engage
Revolution
Strike Planning
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?  x2
Wise Advice

Weapons (2)
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber  x2

Devices (1)
Landing Claw

Unknown Type
Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip Through Your Fingers
'

Strategy: '

Update (in response to dengar 7 and ThaBraHmaBuL)
geez, i hate having to explain everything in my deck to people just because they can't figure it out on their own, the Kessel is in the deck as the Hidden Base marker.  and yes i do know the errata on hidden base and the only thing i use it for is to pull out Endor and thats it, i will never flip, the deck is not supposed to.  BTW, just before some idiot asks me, Strike Planning makes it so that they don't have any activation from endor system so it's like pulling a twix site from your reserve deck.  And I don't need more space in this deck because this isn't a hidden base deck, it just uses the start to pull out endor.

ready my tournament report on how this deck plays, the only difference is that deck started with local uprising on endor, but other than it is almost identical.


Okay, this deck isn't that hard to figure out.  start hidden base with kessel as the HB marker and strike planning, wise advice, and insurrection.  pull gen. han and madine into your hand before you activate, and on your first turn pull out home one docking bay and endor system, and play any sites you draw in your opening hand. after that what you do depends on your opponent.

Rops  you should be activating enough force second turn to throw down madine and chewie of kashyyyk to home one db, third turn pull out your non-unique db from reserve, throw down Gen. Han, and move them all over to raltiir.  they'll have a hard time beating you off now 'cos you get to cancel their battle destiny every battle.  get a ship or two to raltiir and revolve either raltiir or a nice twix site.  If they do the mob. point crap, pull blont second or third turn with luke or obi and beat them down for some nice force loss.  usually you can set up an early beat down with blount that will cost them 5+ force off the top, and then during the mid game mech. failure and beezer/frozen ass. will cause them another 10 force off the top.  you should win this game fairly easily.

BHBM  give them luke, go after vader with savrip and bacta tank, maybe go after empy if the time is right and you can track some destiny to chop him up.

Big Blue Space  this will be an interesting game.  savrip and tank will go a long way here, get out some form of the superfalcon out in space pestering the opponent, try to landing claw somewhere (i know godhert is out there, but you can try to play around him, kill him with superfalcon first, or just hope they don't have him), and set up some people at the carbo chamber and the non-unique db and drain + i hope she's all right.

card choices

Hnemth and Talz
These two go a long way when going against BHBM and rops.  talz is so good right now it's not even funny, have him take a hit for obi and then send him to the bacta tank so he can return next turn.	hnemth will slow down rops even more and make it so that you can spread out a little more raltiir than you normally would.  Rops have only a few ways to break out of the gen. han / chewie combo, draw more than one destiny, hit han, or trample someone.  sense can take care of trample, and now talz will stop epp vader from killing the combo, so it works very well.

control
many times rops players count on recycling their alters infinitly, well, with grabbers and control that's not going to happen, control their alter when they try to alter bacta tank or something, then just track the altered card until you can draw it into your hand.

savrip/bacta tank
Maybe its just me, but i've seen a decline of SHUOSHD and MM after DSII, so these two cards that have huge impacts on the game got added back in.  if they do have the magic bullet, you can at least try to sense them.

Narshadda
this card is just good luck, it showed up at all the right times during my games at the regional    -)    even if you don't have anymore aliens, at least you have a nice recycleable 5

I Hope She is Not Ready
Everyone expects Search and Destroy, but no one expects this LS counterpart, and with the force denial aspect of the deck and hnemth this card rocks.

hope that covers all the important stuff -)
'