---
layout: post
author: ! Phillip "Karrdeshark" Aasen
title: ! "EBO’s The Way To Go"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-29
description: ! "A different EBO Deck."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Characters16
Commander Luke Skywalker x2
Admiral Ackbar x2
Wedge Antilles, RSL
First Officer Thaneespi
Major Haash’n
Tycho Celchu
Zev Senesca
Derek ’Hobbie’ Klivian
EB Trooper x6

Starships16
Home One
Defiance
Independence
Liberty
Mon Calamari Star Cruiser x2
Art00-Detoo In Red 5 x2
Red Squadron 1
Green Squadron 3
Blue Squadron B-wing x3
Red Squadron X-wing x3

Effects10
EBO
A New Secret Base
Launching The Assault
Haven
Docking And Repair Facilities
Mantellian Savrip
Traffic Control
Echo Base Garrison
Entrenchment
Do, Or Do Not
Squadron Assignments

Interrupts6
Rapid Deployment
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes x2
The Signal x3

Locations11
Yavin 4
Hoth
Mon Calamari
Sullust
Kessel
HothEcho Command Center(War Room)
HothEcho Corridor
HothEcho Med Lab
HothEcho Docking Bay
HothMain Power Generators
HothNorth Ridge(4th Marker) '

Strategy: '

What your trying to do is deploy EBO second turn and then begin the draining. Your not strong at other sites so Entrenchment can help against the likes of Jabba’s Palace/Gailid and Light sabers.
EBG and Rapid Deployment will get people down quickly so you can deploy EBO. Don’t Try to control every system because you’ll get beat down by a star destroyer deck that way. Control Kessel, Mon Calamari and the system where Haven is and you’ll drain for 11 each turn. You don’t have to worry about the ground because of the Hoth Energy Shield Rules. Use The Signals To deploy Launching the Assault, EBG, and Mantellian Savrip quickly. Because of Mantellian Savrip, you don’t have to worry about attrition. Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes are the force retrivers in the deck and with 6 EBTs it could be the difference in the game.

Strategies
Against BHBM and HDADTJ
Don’t deploy Luke. Keep him in your hand to use with Mantellian Savrip, but don’t deploy him unless EBO depends on it. Unless they got an awesome space force, which is doubtful, you should win.

Against COTVG/ISEWYD
No way they’re going to have a space game better then yours. Should be a piece o’ cake.

Against SYCFA
Could be trouble. The’ll have space for sure so it’s going to be a race to see if you can drain they’re reserve deck away before they attempt to blow up hoth. If you don’t make a mistake, you should win.

Against Ralltir Ops
With a deck like that, not enough space to stop your drains. Chalk up a win for yourself.

Against CCT/MFD
Give ’em Derek. Don’t attempt to rescue him. Play deck as usual and you should win.

Remember, like all decks this is not invincible and I’m not trying to say it is, but if it’s played right, then you’ll always be in the game even if you don’t win.
Thanks for reading this and good luck playing it.  '