---
author: Michael "rayc" Hawley
title: 'Echo Base Operations -- my first'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-06-13
description: 'This deck takes advantage of the A3 effects to create a fast, balanced EBO.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations (9):
Hoth: Echo Corridor
Hoth: Echo Command Center (War Room)
Hoth: Echo Med Lab
Hoth: Main Power Generators (start)
Hoth: North Ridge (start)
Kashyyyk
Raithal
Kiffex
Anoat

Characters (18)
Han With Heavy Blaster x2
General Reikan
Mon Mothma
Princess Organa x2
Luke Skywalker x3
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber x2
Orrimaarko
Commander Wedge Antilles
Hobbie
Bren Quersey
Hol Okand
Lieutenant Lepira
Toryn Farr

Vehicles (3)
Rogue 1
Rogue 3
Rogue 4

Starships (8)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Lando in Millennium Falcon
R2 in Red 5
Red Leader In Red 1
Correllian Corvette
Spiral
Tantive IV
Redemption

Interrupts (10)
Noble Sacrifice
Out of Commission x2
Shocking Information
The Signal x2 (1 starting)
Tunnel Vision x4

Effects (12)
A New Secret Base (start)
Echo Base Operations
Echo Base Garrison
Dantooine, They're on Dantooine
Mechanical Failure
Goo Nee Tay
Wise Advice
Reflection
There is no Try
Legendary Starfighter
Insurrection
Bacta Tank



Strategy: 

Note: I forgot to add Dantooine. Take out a character for that or just get rid of They're on Dantooine and add another destiny 5 or 6 recycler.

Response to reviews:
Come on guys, give me specifics. I want advice on how to make the deck better. I deleted the review that said I was trying to do too much. It is hardly a review and I disagree with it. This deck is balanced. You are not supposed to try to do everything. You are supposed to size up your opponent and size up your starting hand. Then come up with the best approach for the situation.	The components of the deck fit together rather nicely. All of the Locations, Echo Base Garrison and Echo Base Operations can be pulled from your reserve deck with A New Secret Base -- That is huge.  Bacta Tank, Hobbie and Commander Wedge can be taken from your reserve deck with Echo Base Garrison. You use your quick activation along with your Signal and Tunnel Visions to customize your hand to the situation.  The Insurrection makes the Noble Sacrifice very versatile it adds to the forfeit of General Reikan, Commander Wedge Antilles, Hobbie, Bren Quersey, Hol Okand, Lieutenant Lepira, and Toryn Farr. These characters are all relatively cheap deploys too and so they are good candidates for the Bacta Tank. Princess Organa keeps you from being killed by drains on Hoth and she pulls Reflection from your reserve deck.  Most of the effects and interrupts have high destinies so, if you don't need to play them, they will serve another purpose.  Mon Mothma is a great candidate for Noble Sac and  when she is at the War Room, she helps you at systems too.

Matt, the review was very helpful, thanks. But, why can't I pull Raithal? It has 2 LS icons and it is a planet system. I went back and checked to see if I was missing something. Anyway, it's a small point and you are right about Hoth and Haven.

End responses.

This is my first ever EBO deck, so please be as constructive as possible. What I tried to do was make a decent mains deck with a basic underpinning of EBO. If the EBO thing doesn't fly, you can play it as a straight balanced mains deck with a slight leaning toward space. The idea is to take advantage of the quick activation to set up the EBO. Ideally, you want Princess Organa, General Reikan, and Mon Mothma at the War Room. As long as you keep General Reikan alive, it will be very difficult for your opponent to cancel EBO without blowing up the Generators. Princess Organa keeps him from hurting you too much with Drains. She can also retreive with Reflection if you feel you have enough force.

The systems are chosen for drain potential,  Bren Quersey adds to drains at Raithal, Hol Okand adds to drains at Kashyyyk, Lieutenant Lepira adds to drains at Anoat and Kiffex has two dark side icons . Add this to the EBO bonus and you have a very nasty force loss that you can get going rather quickly. Since you pull all of the systems from the reserve deck, you can choose which ones to deploy or hold back based on the situation.

Insurrection, Bacta Tank, and Redemption are a natural combo. You can pull Bacta Tank with Echo Base Garrison (which you can pull with New Hidden Base). You can use the Signal or Tunnel vision to get Insurrection. Redemption is not as critical but it fits in well for the space element. So, why not use it?

Against S/A/C: You have Wise Advice and Do Or Do Not. The interrupts and Alterable effects in here are not that crucial to the deck. As long as you get Wise Advice down to send the high destinies back to your reserve deck, you should be good. If you get the Do or Do Not down as well, it will not be worth it to your opponent to lose three force just to send the Out Of Commission back to your used pile (probably why you were playing it anyway).

Against Odds: Well you have a few characters with decent destiny and the means of shuffling your reserve deck every turn. If you fear odds, try to get Toryn Farr, Wedge and Hobbie to Echo Base locations to set up EBO. That will give you destiny 9. Enough to handle most odds decks. Then get them into Rogue 3 and 4 to defend the shields. Use a destiny 1 or 2 guy to feed the Bacta Tank and use your starships with permanent pilots to drain at the systems. If you are very afraid, take some Don't Forget The Droids and Drop the Out of Commissions or the Shock.

Against Operatives: You will have to go fight them while trying to get the EBO set up quickly with a thin Hoth Crew. Once you get the drains going at the systems, you can give them a run for their money. If operatives are popular where you are, consider adding a Battle Plan (maybe switch out the Goo Nee Tay). You control the North Ridge and a system to satisfy plus you will out-activate them by a lot.

Against Hunt Down: Luke in Rogue 1 (or any speeder) at your North Ridge keeps the objective flipped and can not be dueled. If your opponent plays the Ice Plains or Wampa Cave, then you have a problem with this but many dueling decks do not do this and, if he gives you any external battleground (like a docking bay) you can put Luke or Obi in a speeder there. You don't have the means to cancel Visage. But if you can keep the objective from flipping, your opponent will find himself wishing he had a Transmission Terminated.	Again, if you are not comfortable with this, add a Bothan Spy or Jeroen Webb for one of the lesser characters -- maybe Mon Mothma or one of the SE Pilots. If you add a Bothan Spy, consider replacing the Shocks or Out of Commissions with Nar Shaada Wind Chimes.

Against Raltiir Ops: Drain -1 is not going to hurt you a lot and you will start with a significant force advantage. You can do some serious mischief with a speeder or 2 on Raltiir and Tantive 4 at the Raltiir system. I think this would be a fun game.

Against the new Death Star Objective, He has to blow up Alderaan first. So, just before he attempts it you play Dantooine + They're on Dantooine. By the time he gets around to Hoth, you will be draining him dry and ready to fight.

I think this deck would be weak against Dark Deal or Sabbacc decks. Ominous Rumors would be an interesting matchup.

Cards I would like to Add:
Ice Storm
What Are You Trying To Push On Us?
Houjix

Let me know what you think.




