---
author: Yit Fun "turboinsan" Yap
title: 'Come Out And Play 2.0 (Ralltiir Ops)'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-10
description: 'Second version of COAP.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

COAP 2.0.deck - Fri Mar 10 18:56:37 2000


Unknown Type:
Cloud City: Downtown Plaza
Coruscant: Imperial Square
Dagobah: Cave
Death Star
Endor
Forest
Hoth: Ice Plains
Hoth: Wampa Cave
Jungle
Ralltiir
Spaceport Docking Bay
Swamp

Characters (15)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
AT-ST Pilot  x3
DS-61-3
IG-88 With Riot Gun
U-3PO (Yoo-Threepio)
DS-61-2
Lieutenant Cabbel
Commander Igar
Officer Evax
Grand Moff Tarkin
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
Darth Vader

Creatures (1)
Bubo

Vehicles (7)
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6
Blizzard Scout 1
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Starships (5)
Executor
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Devastator

Interrupts (7)
Alter  x2
Monnok
Ommni Box
Shocking Revelation
Trample
Twi'lek Advisor

Effects (12)
A Bright Center To The Universe
Bad Feeling Have I
Battle Order
Imperial Arrest Order
Lateral Damage
Oppressive Enforcement
Reactor Terminal
Search And Destroy
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay  x2

Unknown Type:
Ralltiir Operations/In The Hands Of The Empire


Strategy: 

[Read this before reviewing]

This is the second version of Come Out And Play. It has been refitted to include a tad more AT-STs, a bit more interrupts, and some locations have been switched around.

The sites have different purposes. Timing is crucial in putting them down. Twix/D* should be put down early for force generation. Generic sites increase your battle bonus with Ralltiir. The 2/2 locations are placed in there for drain potential. Pull them out in the mid to late game, where you've got a formidable force amassed in your hand to defend these sites.

AT-STs are meant for Ralltiir. However, due to the increasing popularity of Sense, Romas, and other things which cancel reacts, I still retained 2 AT-ATs. These provide ground power, and can be used on Ralltiir if faced with serious problems.

Search and Destroy is very useful. It stops the power of inserts, makes the opponent deploy to the ground, and overall complements the deck. If your opponent's playing in space and refuses to come down, put this Visage wannabe out to dish out some damage.

Hell to Pay stops abusive interrupts. Grab Rebel Barrier, Sense, and other nasty stuff. Shock and Omni Box are really easy to track recyclers. Use them if you want to. If you don't have the skill needed to track then take them out and put in some stuff of your own.

The other stuff should be self explainatory.

Default start is BFHI.

Against Ops - Battle Order start. Play it out, don't let them get too much force, then move in for the kill.

Against Speeder Ops - Frankly, I think this is the strongest LS deck out there right now. It will be difficult to play this game. Battle Order start, flip quick, start draining. Be very careful, and use your resources carefully.

Against Ralltiir Liberation - Get out twix and such. Choke them. Beat them down. Get Ralltiir back, then they don't stand a chance.

Against Profit - Start Secret Plans. Don't give them an alien. Flip, but don't drain for much in the process. Your opponent will be pressured into difficult decisions - whether to flip or not. Start beefing up your hand with power. Eventually if they want to play they have to flip. Then you either battle them off Tatooine or you start a drain race. If they're playing stuff like OTE, Bacta Tank, Alter them.

Against HB - Start BFHI. If they're going space then get SecPrec. If not then just start whacking them.

Against MWYHL - Search and Destroy will help in this game. So will Secret Plans. Grab Endor, go to Dagobah, start messing with their training. Drain for lots on Dagobah. If possible, kill Yoda.

Can't really think of anything else.

Oh yes, there's the matter of combos.

Combo for the DS Super Falcon:
ZiMH + 4-LOM + Iggy = 3 destiny and none for your opponent.

Beatdown (Interior)
Vader + Tarkin + 4-LOM + Iggy = 2 destiny, a swing, a concussion, a capture, and a cancel.

Beatdown (Exterior)
Tempest 1 + Commander Igar + Trample = you know.

If there're any questions drop me a msg and I'll be happy to answer them.

[Review] 