---
layout: post
author: ! Daniel "Shadow865" Blackford
title: ! 'Shaft-(Yah D@mn Right)'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-03-07
description: ! 'Balanced Harvest...you'll like it, I guaran-damn-tee.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations(9)
Obis Hut (S)
Mos Eisley (S)
Cantina x2
Jabba's Palace
Yoda's Hut
RPoint
Lars Farm x2

Characters(18)
Ben Kenobi x2
Master Luke
EPP Luke x2
EPP Han x2
Boushh
EPP Leia
Owen x2
Beru x2
Yoxgit
Tawss
Harc Seff
Hnemth x2

Blue/Green(5)
RLR1
GLG1
Lando
Landing Claw
Obis Saber

Interrupts(20)
SATM
Shock x2
Nabrun x2
Harvest x4
Quite a Merc
Reb Barrier x2
Signal x2
Gift of the Mentor
Courage
Swing and a Miss
Grimtaash
Careful Planning
TTerminated

Effects(8)
Battle Plan
Gimer
Bacta
DTF
Order to Engage
TControl
DoDN
Wise Advice
'

Strategy: '

*Addendum 2 Card Switch*------------------------------------
Yoxgit goes out for Ultimatum...this will cover numbers AND the problems I was experiencing against Ominous Rumors AND against Dark Deal (5 a turn is much better than 9). There are only 2 green cards and I have harvest to retrieve them already so it should'nt make too big an impact.


*Addendum 1 for 1st Review (Mike Fitz)*---------------------
I don't need battle interrupts...when I need to battle I draw 2 destinys with a swing and a shot. When I dont need to battle I revive someone or make them lose 3 force. Read the whole Plan A and B thing carefully... I don't need battle interrupts because I only go to them in extreme circumstances. As for #'s protection you said yourself there's virtually none in the area and you only play em cause of the destiny 6 =P Only deck I've seen around anyway is the Hays or Holman (Not sure of originator) Raithal Ops deck.
------------------------------------------------------------


Harvest is such a cool card...I didn't even begin to grasp the power until trying a rudimentary version at the FL GS. I revamped it, changed a little for the meta here (State Champ. in less than a month) and decided to produce the Beta version here on DTech.

Because of such a diversity in Dark Decks these days (I think it's wonderful)I'm not gonna write deck by deck strat but am gonna deliver the way to play the deck as an alternative.

Steps->
1) Start Hut and Mos Eisley, the shuffle will come in handle later when you get the Cantina (your main drain site) out.

2) Take what you get but draw specifically for a Farm/Owen/Beru and play any signals you get for SAC effects first if you suspect and Traffic/Bacta/Gimer as needed.

3) There are basically 2 ways the opponent will approach this deck A) Attempt to thwart MY strategy by coming in to beat me down or B) Ignor my strategy and try to just get set up in theirs hoping for better speed. Heres what you do for each A) Sit your mains down on Tatooine, you can Nabrun other places later in the game after you;ve fought them off. Gimer Stick,Reb Barriers, and ORDER TO ENGAGE (Ben Kenobi is huge too) will literally tear them apart and you can retrieve any lost stuff with your harvests (Even if grappled it's still like a minimum of 16 force retrieved). After you fight them off get the Cantina/Mos Eisley going with Ben/Saber and some forfeit and just sit like Luke/Han and some other characters at farm with Beru and Owen...Harvest becomes a destiny adder in this situation. B) Your gonna sit Ben/Lars/A Hnemthe/ and like Wedge at the Farm...your gonna need Bacta Tank(Just in case) and Gimer Stick w/OTEngage...just sit drain and Harvest. Use Boushh to block a drain then Battle with Han and Luke repeatedly while retrieving them over and over.

ROps was giving it particular trouble...go with set up B and go for Battle Plan ASAP.

Endor Ops COULD give it problems with an early grappler...claw asap and retrieve it if canceled. go with plan B and just try to battle them off Endor. Use EPP Leia over Boushh and get a Hnemthe down with your mains.

This deck is solid folks...	'