---
author: Blake "Zurai" Senn
title: 'Raiding Jabba's Palace'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-01-18
description: 'You Can Either Profit... Mains deck with Harvest for retrieval.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective (1):
YCEPBT...

Locations (9):
Tatooine: Jabba's Palace
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace: Entrance Cavern
Tatooine: Obi's Hut
Tatooine: Tosche Station
Tatooine: Lars' Moisture Farm x2
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Jundland Wastes

Characters (24):
TK-422
Han w/ Blaster
Leia w/ Blaster x2
Chewie w/ Blaster x2
Ben Kenobi x2
Master Luke
Luke w/ Lightsaber
Orrimaarko
Owen Lars x2
Beru Lars x2
Lando w/ Blaster
Tawss Khaa
B'omarr Monk x3
Artoo x2
Threepio x2

Effects (8):
A Gift x2
DODN
Traffic Control
Goo Nee Tay
Ultimatum
Projection of a Skywalker x2

Interrupts (18):
Harvest x5
The Signal
Don't Tread On Me
Were You Looking For Me?
Don't Forget The Droids x2
This Is Absolutely Right x2
I Know x2
Someone Who Loves You x3

Weapons (1):
Obi's Saber


Strategy: 

Use Don't Tread for your starting, grabbing Ultimatum and DODN. If they start with Hunt Down, you might want to use a Signal for Goo Nee Tay instead. Build up your forces in hand until A) you get Leia and Someone Who Loves You, or B) you're positive you have enough ground power to take out the AC with one fell swoop. Proceed to rescue Han, then treat as a mains and Toys deck. Use Harvests only when neccessary, to avoid a Hell 2 Pay for as long as possible. Your destinies are excellent, and A Gift and keeping R2 and 3PO together will ruin your opponent's draws. This Is Absolutely Right is an underused card which can eliminate your opponent's drains or act as a temporary saber. Threepio is in the deck for forfeit fodder, A Gift, and destiny adding with Were You Looking For Me? and Chewie. The Bens will resist non-epic dueling, and your destinies will help to a degree with the Epic kind, but duel decks aren't popular where I play. If they are more prevalent around your area, try taking out the monks for duel protection. I use TK-422 for the Hansicle because of his high defense value (and you *can* deploy him at the start, according to Decipher, because the Objective tells you to deploy Han, and as such, implies negation of deployment restrictions. A similar circumstance is Daughter of Skywalker deploying to Dagobah w/o a test or MWYHL). If Han ever is hit or otherwise lost, play Someone Who Loves You to put him in the used pile.

Against Hunt Down:
Not likely to have a strong alien contingent at the AC, so you should be able to flip early, setting up your own Visage-type effect. Keep the weapons plentiful, and try to draw multiple destinies JIC of a vader-tarkin duo. Harvest back anything important that gets lost to the Visage or other damage.

Against EJP obj:
This is likely to be a tough (but fun) game. Your best bet is to wait for Someone Who Loves You to free Han, since the AC will be crowded. Do your best to avoid letting the opponent capture any of the mains, since the rancor will make short work of them. If they make the mistake of capturing Han, just Someone Who Loves You again ;-)

Against ECC obj:
Likely to be massive drains against you, so try and flip early so you can drain back. Harvest will help tremendously until they Hell 2 Pay it. If they don't try and come to you, spread your mains out to get maximum effect from the flipped obj. Lando and Tawss Khaa make an excellent team for Cloud City clean up.

Against DS space / Rumors:
Probably the best thing would be to limit their ground drains and hope to out-run them. Get a strong squad to the Landing Platform ASAP, and attack anything that tries to extend on Endor. Wait to free Han until you have 10 force to retrieve, then spread and drain on Tatooine. If they have only a small amount of ground forces, spread thin, with monks draining at their own sites, and try to get your mains to separate sites to maximize their potential. Otherwise, stay interior (Audience Chamber and Cantina) with weak characters and maybe a weaker main (Lando / Chewie) and bunch your other mains at the Moisture Farm and Hut or Tosche Station. The Farm will be essential to the Harvests, so protect it and Owen / Beru as much as you can. 