---
layout: post
author: Scott "Maverick" Shepherd
title: 'Raaltir Ops...yet again...'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-07
description: 'A Raaltiir Ops deck that stresses defencive play and countering what the opponent does.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective
Raaltiir Ops/ In The Hands Of The Empire

Locations(9)
Raaltiir
Forest
Jungle
Desert
Spaceport Docking Bay
Executor Docking Bay
Coruscant Docking Bay
Coruscant
Death Star

Characters(14)
Darth Vader x2
Grand Moff TArkin
Mara Jade
Com. Igar
AT-ST Pilot x2
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Lt. Cabbel
Capt. Lennox
Officer Evax
Lt.Arnet

Vehicles(6)
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 5

Starships(6)
Devastator
Dreadnaught x2
Dengar/Punishing One
Zuckass/Mist Hunter
Boba Fett/Slave One

Interrupts(10)
Its Worse
Masterful Move
Shut Him Up/Shut Him Down
Nevar Yalnal
Torture x2
Twi-Lek Advisor
Evader
Trample
Monnok

Effects(11)
Imperial Arrest Order
Come Her You Big Coward
Bright Center To The Universe
Lateral Damage
Blast Door Controls
Bad Feeling Have I
Presence Of The Force x2
Battle Order
Security Precautions
Reactor Terminal

Weapons(2)
Vaders Sabre
Mara Jades Sabre

Creatures(1)
Bubo



Strategy: 

I know, I know...Yet another in the seemingly endless parade of Raaltiir Ops decks, please bear with me.

The basic jist of this deck is simple, and the start is pretty standard.  Starting effect should always be Imperial Arrest Order.  It is key for this deck.  First turn I usually pull the Spaceport Docking Bay and another Raaltiir Site for activation.  The next couple of turns get out the executor docking bay and the coruscant docking bay aswell as your third Raaltiir site.  Drawing as you need to to get a couple of walkers into your hand.  Then pull the At-St pilots to drive 'em around...flip as soon as its safe.  The deck is designed to either drain on Raaltiir with the presences or to battle the opponent whereever they are.

vs. Hidden Base
This is a pretty simple win if they are playing dedicated space, and can be tricky if they are not.  Against X-Wing swarm use your presences to boost your drains on Raaltiir...if they've flipped Hidden Base go probing with Fett as your primary prober.  With his immunity to attrition and Security Precautions he has the most durability in space.  If X-Wing is popular in your meta...add search and destroy as a fun way to add hurt to those players.

vs. MWYHL
If they test up to number 5 you could have trouble...again drain on Raaltiir using the Presences to enhance.  Remember to keep At-St pilots around for destiny past test 2.  The Nevar, Bubo, and Trample should take care of all spies.  The trample is your best friend if they make it to test five...track a 6 destiny(thereare enough in here) and keep it on the top of your reserve deck waiting for the drop down.  This saved my bacon in a tournament game recently...the look on my opponents face was worth the close victory as Daughter got Trampled by an unpiloted Blizzard Scout.

vs. Ops
Once you've flipped your objective protect Bright Center...the game should be yours.  Try to flip fast here as a quick start for your opponent could really hurt.  Again boost your drains on Raaltiir with the presences and the sabres.

vs. Speeder Ops
See above...only watch out for speeder beatdown.  THERE IS NO PENALTY FOR SPEEDERS DEPLOYING TO RAALTIIR!!!  A well timed Monnok when the opponent is unwary can be the difference here.  Battle Order is also nice.  Under no circumstances should you ever engage on his planet...too risky...you will get killed with a mechanical failure and a it's a trap.

vs. Profit
This game can be tricky.  Try to get Han obviously.  The occupation damage is really the only damage you will suffer once you've flipped.  Trample him if you can, otherwise send in MAra or Vader with their respective sabres and come out swinging.  Watch out for those annoying weapon levs and buddy cards...Monnok him before you come for him to ensure you stand a good chance of killing him.

Overall this deck can go toe to toe with any good light side deck.  The CHYBC protects your docking bays from the drain, and with a healthy array of destiny 6 cards, a well tracked destiny nets 9-10 total attrition and battle destiny.  A nice little trick I do when setting up for battle is activating all but 2-3 of my force in the mid-end game and then search my deck for a card...hopefully you've been stacking the 6's or 5's ...pull any low destiny card out and you have a good idea of what the destiny may be.

There are some cards which may seem curious to some here...It's Worse is in because It Could Be Worse is huge around here,also 6 destiny +4 is never bad.  Nevar Yalnal works really well with Mara and spies when she is draining for 2-3 on Raaltiir(again nice destiny).  Bacta Tank and Mantellian Savrip are also crowd Favourites around my area so I included Shut Him Up/ Shut Him Down and the Masterful Move, and again they are nice and destiny 6.  SAC is not really prevelent so there is really no protection.	I played against 1 or 2 SAC heavy decks though and won each game.  They cannot really hurt the meat of this deck, just the toys so save your 6 for battle destiny and come after Ben and Luke to rid yourself of them being able to successfully draw for the SA's.  Revo decks are not really a problem either.  They have to burn so many revos early getting all your docking bays plus the system that by the time they do that you've flipped and are pulling your evader.  If its SAC revo its trickier but not impossible. One of the SAC decks this beat was a revo deck...use Bubo to eat the Nudjs and you should do just fine.  They will not be able to drain anywhere except Raaltiir and you should be ready for them to come.	Numbers should be pretty straight forward.  Don't expose yourself to Elom beatdown,  there are 2 Tortures here.  Drain away on Raaltiir with the presences and the sabres to enhance and the game should be yours.

The best advice I can give is don't panic with this deck.  You have all the tools to win here...plus the ability to pull them when you flip your objective.  Be patient and let you opponent come to you.  When he does make him pay.	This deck really does play itself once you get to know it.  Have fun.
