---
layout: post
author: ! Ryan "heinekin" Hase
title: ! "The Best Ral Ops v2 0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-30
description: ! 'Beat your opponent wherever he may go with huge activation and Raltiir operations benefits.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Ralltiir Operations/ In The Hands Of The Empire

Locations (10)
Wakeelemui
Khasyyyk
Ralltiir
Forest
Swamp
Desert
Spaceport Docking Bay
Executor Docking Bay
Hoth Ice Plains
Hoth Wampa Cave

Characters (17)
Emperor Palpatine x2
Darth Vader
Mara Jade
Mosep
Officer Evax
Colonel Davod Jon
Lieutenant Watts
Lieutenant Arnet
Lieutenant Cmndr Arden
Major Marquand
AT-ST Pilot x3
Admiral Ozzel
Sim Aloo
DS-61-2

Vehicles (7)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6

Starships (5)
Zuckus in Mist Hunter
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Dreadnaught
Chimaera

Effects (10)
Snadwhirl
Battle Order
Imperial Decree
Oppressive Enforcement
There'll Be Hell to Pay
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
Come Here You Big Coward
Security Percautions
Overseeing It Personally

Interrupts (10)
Prepared Defenses
Imperial Barrier x2
Masterful Move
Monnok
Trample x2
Alter x3'

Strategy: '

What's Different About v2.0?
It's more versatile.

Yanked Cards and why

Secret Plans I still have CHYBC
Blast Door Controls  It's only anti-profit and you can still beat profit without this card
Shut Him Up  I can use one of 3 alters instead to the same extent
There Is No Try  Oppressive is already in there and now it could actually hurt me too
Reactor Terminal  Since no more of the cards in the deck are meta, every card is useful
Endor	The parsec was too far away from Raltiir and half of the ships couldn't make the hyperspace jump
Dengar In Punishing One  Only works well against X-Wing swarm decks, which are slowly leaving the play field, I found a much nicer replacement.

Replacement Cards

Alter x3   They're in here to cancel senses that cancel my reacts.  As long as I'm free to react all over my planet, I won't be losing very many battles.
Trample  One was not enuff, this card is just too convenient with all the walkers in the deck, especially with the popularity of Bothan Spies slowly spreading, just squish 'em.
Khasyyyk  Replacement system for endor.  I give the opponent one less icon, and it's parsec range is within Raltiir if I need to go defend my system and keep my objective flipped.
Mosep	He speeds along the opponents death big time, he is HUGE late game.
Chimaera  Replaces Dengar in ship.  Has immunity <4, pilot ability 2, and can't be shot by X-Wing Laser Cannon.

The Set-Up

Start Prepared Defenses and grab Imperial Arrest Order, Mobilization Points, and Oppressive Enforcement.  Before you activate on turn 1, use the Mobilization points game text and search for Wakeelmui.  Activate, deploy Wakeelmui, deploy the swamp from your reserve deck, and deploy Executor Docking Bay from reserve deck as well.  Deploy whatever ability 2 character you may have drawn to the docking bay, and draw up the rest.
Let's look at the board now  you have raltiir, wakeelmui, spaceport docking bay, and executor docking bay. You activate 5 force from your sites, and you get an extra 2 force for controlling the executor dbay  (mobilization points text).
After you activate, deploy the desert with your objective, and deploy spaceport docking bay with Imperial Arrest Order.  If you have the character you can flip right now, otherwise, just make sure you deploy another character to the spaceport docking bay so that you can activate 11 on turn 3.
Once you have all the force you need, get your four raltiir sites stalked up with walkers, and get out Palpatine along with Overseeing it personally on him.  This is made easy since you can search for them after you have flipped.  Now your drains are +1 at every other Raltiir site with an imperial outside a walker. (Overseeing It Personally text).  As long as you have a few walkers ready to react, this isn't a problem at all leaving them outside as well.  Now that you are draining for 7 at the raltiir sites alone, you can just drain out the opponent until he comes to you.  Since you are also activating 10-15 force by yourself, you can deal with about any threat as well.
This deck is just a machine, make it and see for yourself.

Why it's in there

Sandwhirl  This card wins games.  I set up the sites Forest, Swamp, Desert, D-Bay  You basically isolate your opponent to one side of the planet.

Come Here You Big Coward  Further destroys training retrieval, as well as retrieval under the shields of hoth	(baragwins).  Also stops drains on your twix sites.

Imperial Barrier  Stop beatdowns in their tracks.  This card is especially crucial if someone is playing I'm With You Too to make battle damage insane.  Barrier Luke and stop the foursome from laying out a beatdown.  Also plays great after your opponent spends 20+ force to deploy to Raltiir.	This card wins games people.

Masterful Move  Savrip wins games, stop it with ease.	You can also grab monnok from your reserve.  The best use is tracking a destiny 6 with no problem of course.

Alters  They are not so crucial for getting rid of your opponents effects, as they are for cancelling his senses when he senses your chicken walkers reacting.

Mosep	If you can drain for 6, why not drain for 6 off the top.  In the late game, mosep can be crucial when they won't have enough force left to deploy anything.

Wampa Cave / Ice Plains  Crucial to help enforce the decree against EBO, also serves well for extra activation.

*******

And now for a breakdown of certain match-ups

Profit  Profit goes down quick as you can outdrain them quite easily.	Once you have Raltiir setup you can drain for 7 a turn, and they will be draining -1.  Use the At-At walkers to keep those rebels indoors.  They will have to stay in the Audience Chamber and drain for 1, and make you lose 1 with the objective, or come out and battle.  Either way you should win no problem.  Try to keep away from Master Luke and Ben Kenobi team unless you tracked a 6.  If you can draw destiny 10 it will hit hard and knock em both out.  You should win this game without a sweat.

Throne Room Mains  This match will become very battle oriented and Ral Ops has the edge there.  Use huge ammounts of attrition to take out their mains and keep using the imperial barriers to stop major beatdowns.  Since they will have to beat you off of Raltiir, you should have the advantage from turn 1.  Make sure you are reacting with all of your chicken walkers and keeping his senses at bay with those alters.  This will be the toughest match-up so keep on your toes, you should squeeze out a win anyway.

Echo Base Operations  Use Inperial Decree as your third starting effect in place of Oppressive Enforcement.  Later in the game it's easier to enforce the decree using two rebel base locations.  I've also thrown in Wampa Cave and Ice Plains to help enforce the decree.	Arden and Colonel Davod Jon both do an excellent job of holding a site alone.  You'll quickly drain them to death without a problem once you get decree into effect.  You shouldn't have a problem beating their ships out of the air either.

MWYHL	Training has been made a fairly solid theme with the way of things, but it sets up too slow still.  I've playtested numerous matches with these two decks and Ral Ops just comes out too fast, especially with the extra two force on turn 1.	Quick drains along with effects like Come Here You Big Coward and Secret Plans just destroy the deck.

Hidden Base  If Hidden Base is even out there anymore, security precautions along with -1 draining from Ral Ops just about finishes off HB.

There's Good in Him  Simple, just don't deploy an imperial to Luke's site.	If he should happen to wander over to Raltiir, then go ahead and deploy Vader.	The only way he is going to complete the objective is if he wins battles to add cards to I Feel the Conflict.  Too bad he won't be winning very many battles unless he comes to Raltiir... even then it doesn't look so good.  Just make sure you have force ready to react to the battles with your walkers.

Thanks to everyone for their help with revisions, especially Charlie Herren.  Hope ya like it. '