---
layout: post
author: ! Paul "lbmyers1" Myers
title: ! "Paul s Endor TRM---A K A  ENDUP    Version 1 0"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-07-29
description: ! 'Super Falcon first turn GUARANTEED for 3 force only.  Mains on a site.  Drop Battle Plan and Menace Fades; Check this out'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(6)
Local Uprising/Liberation
Endor
Farm
Heading for The Medical Frigate
Strike Planning
Squadron Assignments
Last Effect Changes

Locations(10)
Swamp
Rendezvous Point
Yoda's Hutt
Home Onewar Room
Chief Chirpa's Hutt
Hoth Echo War Room
Kessel x2
Back Door x2

Characters(16)
Obi-Wan Kenobi
EPP Obi
EPP Luke
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
EPP Leia x2
EPP Han
General Solo
Orrimaarko
General Calrissian x2
Nien Numb x2
Wedge Antilles from DS2
Tycho Celchu
Kin Kian

Starships/Creatures/Admiral's Ord.(10)
Gold Squadron 1 x2(Billy Dee)
Red Squadron 1(Wedge)
Gray Squadron 1(Kin Kian)
Green Squadron 3(Tycho)
Home One(Solo)
Nudj x2
I'll Take The Leader x2

Interrupts(5)
Tunnel Vision x2
Glancing Blow
Nabrun Leids
Quite a Mercenary

Effects(13)
Projection of a Skywalker x2
Goo Nee Tay
Legendary Starfighter
Traffic Control
Civil DisOrder
Draw Their Fire
Wise Advice
Your Insight Serves You Well(Get's you)
Battle Plan
Menace Fades
Honor of the Jedi
I Feel the Conflict'

Strategy: '

First Off, This deck mostly adapts to your opponent's play style and what they do.  Your third starting Effect should be Your Insight Serves You Well unless you suspect SAC.  Let's go thru the first couple turns and then talk about playing against the other DS popular decks.

1st Turn
Strike Planning get's you General Calrissian(before Activation)who uses Squadron Assignments to get Gold Squadron 1.  Deploy both to the Endor system for a total of 3 force.	Get the Swamp and pay 1 force to get a Nudge out and make sure to move it to farm.  Opponent has no generation at Endor Sysytem so don't let him activate and the choke begins.  Drop all 2/0s in hand.  You have 1 force left(assuming they gave you none) and if you got Kessel drop it and move over.  If no Kessel, you should probably drop it.

2nd Turn
Get out a Nudge and drop it.  If Nien Numb is on Falcon go ahead and search for General Solo.  If not, don't get a second General because they may assault Falcon in which case you need to redeploy General Calrissian.  Hopefully, drop Back Door or Tunnel Vision for it and get some mains there.	Otherwise, go to their planet in full force.

3rd Turn
From here on out you got your force choke and adapt to them.  And always play smart

Popular Archetypes of the DS

ROps  Here's a nice match-up.  Go through your usual steps and try to fish for Projection of a Skywalker's by drawing/Tunnel Visioning.  MAKE SURE to move that mighty 1st turn Falcon to Raltiir to slow the flip.	and 2nd Turn Drop the mains.  Prevent the flip and play smart.	Drop Insights Serve You Well for either Battle Plan(if you can cover it) or I Feel the Conflict if you are about to beat them on Raltiir.

Hunt Down Dueling or Without  Go get Honor of the Jedi with Insights Serve You Well and get Kessel Running.  Be smart and don't lose duels.  Tunnel Vision for Glancing Blow if you have to.	Get Activation going strong and you should have no problem here.  P.S. I find that Civil Disorder can be a large difference in this match-up.

Bring Him Before Me  Let them take Luke and drop Luke to Endor for 3 force from reserve.  It's cool to lose Jedi Luke to a drain and drop him from the lost pile next turn using their Objective.  Start draining and use Civil Disorder, etc.  Try to get off Legendary Starfighter, the good thing about this card is that when they fight, you can lose the character Pilot and that leaves an empty ship with Legendary Starfighter on it.  Try that in most games.  If they try to drain on Endor, move Nudges around absorbing DS Icons to keep the sites from being BattleGrounds and drop Honor of The Jedi.	You should easily win this.

SFS/Ties  This will be a really hard match-up if it's in the hands of a good player.	Drop out Battle Plan if you can satisfy it.  Get the Super Falcon going and make sure to get Nien Numb on it too.  Send it out to drain/beatdown.  A Tie Laser Cannon tracked a five and payed 3 force to kill my falcon, and that gave me trouble so I need some suggestions there even though I redployed Falcon.  Go get Tycho/Wedge/Kin and make sure TO GET THAT ADMIRAL'S ORDERS  Good luck here and hope the don't play that Den of Thieves on your one big drain but you'll do fine.

Endor Ops  You lose the choke effect or some of it.  Out Activate them and beat them in battles with Draw Their Fire/Feel Conflict.  This should be easy also.

Good Luck and I have no idea for version 2.0 so give me ideas and constructive reviews.  THANKS '