---
layout: post
author: Ted "Defel-nator" Hansen
title: 'The Dark Sides Most Desperate Hour'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-07
description: ! 'Set up space power while gathering your ground forces in you hand.  Then deploy and crush on the ground while retrieving mad force.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting

Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip Through Your Fingers
Rendezvous Point
Indicator  Tattooine
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Squadron Assignments

Characters

Ben Kenobi x2
Master Luke
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Lando w/ Vibro-Ax
Twas Khaa
Orrimaarko
Boushh
Leia w/ Blaster
Captian Han x2
Tycho Celchu
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Melas
BoShek

Weapons

Lukes Lightsaber
Obi-Wans Lightsaber

Locations

Tatooine
Tibrin
Alderaan
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jabbaa Palace

Effects

Menace Fades
Order To Engage
Projection of a Skywalker x2
Whatre You Tryin To Push On Us?
Our Most Desperate Hour x3
Wise Advice
Do Or Do Not
Your Insight Serves You Well
Legendary Starfighter
Aim High
Revolution

Starships

Millennium Falcon x2
Red Squadron 1
Green Squadron 3
Home One
Spiral

Interrupts

Sorry About The Mess
Transmission Terminated
Grimtaash
The Signal
Weapon Levitation
Hyper Escape
Narrow Escape
Clash of Sabers
Courage of a Skywalker
Run Luke, Run
Glancing Blow
Rebel Barrier



'

Strategy: '

Strategy

Starting Effects are as follows

Hunt Down  Start Wise Advise and Do Or Do Not for SAC protection (protect the retrieval and other Interrupts that you will want to play)

Court Aim High is a must (Scum and First Strike Killer) and YISYW for Menace Fades - Menace will help against Galid once you are sure they are not playing numbers.

BHBM  Wise Advice is good in case they have SAC.(better than DODN because you will not lose what you need but add DODN later when you can)  Also YISYW to get Battle Plan or Menace Fades or Honor of the Jedi(if added  some people still like this card a lot and I am sure they could work it into this deck.)

TIEs  Aim High (SFS Killer) and Wise Advise (for free grabber) or Your Insight Serves You Well.

ISB Menace Fades(stops ISB bonuses), Aim High (slows retrieval of agents)

Overall   This deck was designed to beat Court, Hunt Down and BHBM.

Court	 Start by getting some starfighters at the Rendezvous Point with Squadron Assignments early on in the game.  Do not deploy or move to Tatooine until you have enough to take out Zuckuss In Mist Hunter and another bounty hunter ship.

You will need to get someone down on Tatooine quick if they get Search and Destroy out (3 a turn to S&D plus Court) This sucks so deploy Luke or Obi to an empty site until there is enough back-up to move in and fight. Also look for Projections early and put in the Audience Chamber.  Begin to run OMDH once you get started on the ground.  Should be able to get 7-8 back on first trip.

Look for a tough battle in Space because DS has lots of ships when they need them. (And will retrieve some of them back with Scum- so you must have aim high to make that as hard as possible) Once you get your team out on Tatooine move in and crush the aliens with Obi, Luke, Twas and new Lando.	The new Lando is important because of DS ability to cancel destiny.  Also you probably will not need your Tatooine Locations for force and you will have to go to Jabbas Palace to fight the DS so I just lose those to force drains.  Also make DS lose force when you deploy Jabbas Palace if they do not occupy sites during mid or late game(If there are 3 or 4 JP sites hold until you can hit them for 2 or 3 before deploying unless you really, really need the force, which you shouldnt.)

Hunt Down -  Start with the maximum SAC protection.  Can be a little more aggressive in space early.  Especially if you get an early girmtaasch and do not see any blue.  Do not deploy Obi or Luke until you have your dueling cards or sabers for them.  Should be able to get some strong characters to the Cantina and Mos Eisley.	Then just do the shuffle between the two until the DS comes.  Continue to run OMDH as much as possible to make up for any force that you have to lose to visage.

Never deploy Leia on the Falcon against this deck Use BoShek or Melas

BHBM -	Do not hang people out where they can get ambushed and you will start to lose battles.	Take a little more time to move out from Rendezvous Point because there is no sense stacking a card on the second or third turn to a lucky opening hand Zuckuss and good destiny draw against any one ship with out 7 ability.	No matter how much force you have if you lose battles the DS will cross Luke and that is bad.  Stick to one big group in the Cantina and then Mos Eisley and do the Shuffle.  Keep your starfighters together in space and do not get split up.  It is easy to get lots of power in space and draw multiple destinies so space should be ok by the third or fourth turn usually.  It is important to stay together on the ground.  Remember, safety in numbers against this deck

TIEs  It should not be hard to get control of Wakelemui.  Between expensive TIEs and Aim High DS will really have a tough time.  Only 1 catcher so use on all power to weapons probably.

ISB  This could be a long game. Your ground drains will be slowed if they get out a Tattooine site that is not the Cantina or Mos Eisley.  You can shuffle and kill them on your turn to keep the drains going unless they get a third site out.  Therefore, do not deploy Jabbas Palace  You will have to go and battle them on the ground but that should be ok because you will get lots of characters back to keep coming with.	If you can keep them off of Tatooine that will help because that is where you will drain for the most and battle the best.  Dont deploy extra sights to Tatooine to let them hang out on.  Save sorry about the mess for 5D6 or an undercover, and then get it back to your hand as soon as possible.  The shuffle will help with the undercover spy.





'