---
author: Nick "JediBrain" Stefanko
title: 'Why Ewoks Care About Hansicles v2.1'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-14
description: 'With free retrieval from your objective, and a safe haven for Tessek to boost your drains, you will drain your opponent to a rather quick death.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

LOCATIONS - 6
Endor: Back Door
Endor: Dense Forest
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Endor: Rebel Landing Site (Forest)
Jabba’s Palace: Audience Chamber
Tatooine: Jabba’s Palace

CHARACTERS - 28
Daughter Of Skywalker
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Ewok Spearman (x10)
Figrin D’an
Graak (x2)
Han
Ithorian (x3)
Kazak
Lando With Vibro-Ax (x2)
Rennek
Tawss Khaa
Tessek
Artoo
Threepio

WEAPON - 1
Anakin’s Lightsaber

OBJECTIVE - 1
You Can Either Profit By This/Or Be Destroyed

EFFECTS - 8
A Gift
Bargaining Table
Beggar
Bo Shuda
Do, Or Do Not
Insurrection
Order To Engage
Uh-oh!

INTERRUPTS - 17
Choke (x2)
Endor Celebration
Ewok Rescue
Fallen Portal (x2)
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Lost In The Wilderness (x2)
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes (x3)
Out Of Commission (x2)
Sound The Attack (x2)
You Will Take Me To Jabba Now 

Strategy: 

Starting stuff:
You Can Either Profit By This/OBD, Tatooine: Jabba’s Palace, Jabba’s Palace: Audience Chamber, Heading For The Medical Frigate for Do, Or Do Not, Insurrection, and Uh-oh!

Object of deck:
1st turn, pull Bo Shuda and Endor: Landing Platform.  Deploy an Ithorian and 2 Ewoks at each site you can; at others, a few Ewoks.  Use Ewok Rescue, Sound The Attack, and Fallen Portal to aid in your defense.  With the Ithorians, Kazak, and Tessek out, you’ll be able to drain for at least 4 at every Endor site.
Anakin’s Lightsaber is great for use in defending Endor and enhancing drains with DOS, or giving to Jedi Luke for some off-Endor battling.  Lando With Vibro-Ax can stave off some off-Endor forces for a turn; giving the popularity of DS Tatooine decks thanks to My Kind Of Scum, running two of him provides for lethal battling.
Bo Shuda and Order To Engage should keep the Audience Chamber clear (unless opponent wants to lose 3 per turn), and should lend a hand in being able to free Han at your leisure.
Beggar is nice for when your opponent is saving big or just to get around some untimely Barriers or whatnot.
Rennek is to protect the AC from Bubo; later can be used in pair with Lando for double destiny.
Choke is a great card.	You can either cancel an important alien’s gametext prior to battling them, or in a battle, let’s say on Endor, and you have some major attrition, you can forfeit 1 Ewok, then Choke to cancel the rest!
With all your modifiers and ability to pound any DS forces coming to the Forest Moon, you should be able to win the drain race.

