---
layout: post
author: ! John "Parn12" Digiovanni
title: ! "Where’s The Court?"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-13
description: ! 'Jabba’s best pals in his favorite court... just no court involved (why?  Because I didn’t feel like it).'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (3)
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace
Tatooine Cantina (most of the time)
Careful Planning

Locations (6)
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Tatooine Tusken Canyon
Jabba’s Palace Dungeon
Jabba’s Palace Driod Workshop
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine Lar’s Moisture Farm

Characters (20)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
Chall Bekan
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Jabba
Tonnika Sisters
J’Quille
Mosep
Ree-Yees
Brangus Glee
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Judo Kast
Dr. Evazan
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Gailid
Boelo
Kithaba
Ephant Mon
Djas Puhr
Bane Malar

Interrupts (19)
None Shall Pass x3
Sniper x3
Ommni Box x2
Imperial Barrier x3
Elis Helrot x2
It’s Worse
Limited Resources
Nevar Yalnal x2
Twi’lek Advisor x2

Effects (9)
Search And Destroy
Reactor Terminal
Oppressive Enforcement
Disarmed x2
Expand The Empire
Presence Of The Force x2
Scum And Villainy

Weapons (3)
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
Blaster Rifle x2 '

Strategy: '

Well, my light side is running no objective, let’s see if I can run a dark side without one too.  So far its looking pretty tough.  Most of the time I open up with Jabba’s Palace and Combat Readiness my Cantina out, but with all of the locations in the deck, it is pretty much up to you.	I origionally started to set out the Palace and the Chamber, but I figured if I wanted the chamber that bad I’d fetch it early with the Palace text, so I decided to get a site I couldn’t get with the palace.  Other than that this deck runs pretty much plain Court of the Vile Gangster, heavy on the power aliens for a good solid whoop down fast.  Of course, in all my wanderings abroad and in my own meta I’ve come up with some pretty good countering cards.

There’s always Imperial Barrier, good for knocking out nasty Lukes, Obis, and other power characters.  The None Shall Pass, which not only serves almost the same purpose as Imperial Barrier (good if you Barrier one then Pass the next...) but it also does away with pesky TK-422 and Boussh (they’re popular down here in any non-power deck).  Nevar Yalnal is a strong card, wicked destiny 6 in my reserve deck, easy undercover killer, but also people here love to play Cracken/Blount and Double Agent on poor little Mara Jade, well, turn the tables, I get an action right after he deploys... so Nevar Cracken and laugh as his trick is turned around on him.  Sniper is for lurker (Arcona and spies and profit with Bo) characters, or once again for those spies.  As you can tell, spies are popular with the crowd I keep, gotta break them of that habbit.

Tracking is really annoying, especially when your opponent is doing it against you.  When you smell a battle or tracking going on hopefully you’ll get lucky and have an Ommni Box, make them reshuffle and get those destiny draws off the top, make him work to draw those 7’s.  Elis is hurt by Insurrection, but not killed, it may serve you well to be able to travel out to him and chase him down with your alien troupe.  It’s Worse, no brainer there, destiny of 6 in the deck, game winner if he’s silly enough to play It Could Be Worse (also fairly popular down here, I’ll chance it).

My site selection is pretty much straight forward, Jabba’s sites for early gen/deprival (though that concept is hurt with the opening cards).  But then after that all the typical Tat draining sites.  Get down and drain, expand one of the +1 sites, perhaps the moisture farm?  Drop preses on a few sites.. hit him for nasty drains while keeping his characters from beating up on you too bad with barriers, none shall pass, and disarm any who stay around.  My character selections are pretty much straight forward.. mostly the power aliens (your choice on the Jabba, I like the SPED one for the deploy -1), plus a few overshadowed ones that just spice things up a little.  Brangus helps in the docking bay game, Tonnika Sisters eat up weapons and devices (make Luke’s Saber go bye bye), Chall gives me deploy -1 at same and adjacent sites.. mostly a typical draw.  Blaster Rifles are mainly for Judo, he can use them well... fire for free at destiny +3, not bad, but the rifles also work well with anyone else too, so don’t be stingy... they’re either just hit, or they’re immediately lost thanks to Dr. E...

The effects are pretty much a standard mix too, Disarmed is a nice destiny 5, but could also be really useful, so many permanent weapons around, and then the two rifles... if Luke sticks around too long with you he’s probably either going to get snipered or disarmed, or both if it helps.  Scum, deploy minus... retrieve when you battle, can’t beat that.  But that’s pretty much how to run the deck, get sites out, set up for a drain, hey, pull Gailid with the Chamber... hey, a lot of draining +1 going on there.  Don’t always have to run it just that way, some times playing it different gives you an edge on an opponent you’ve played a good bit.  But Let me run through a few of the strategies against certain decks for the light side.

HB S&D, hit them fast and hard before they flip... watch what they’re playing and then gauge if you can spread out or if you need to watch for the beating.  Like I said, get on the ground and hit them with search and destroy... let the game go from there... pleanty of ways to kill their spies, so no need to worry there... I had a guy retrieve about 13 in one turn (All Wings and Nar Shaada), cancel 4 of my drains and still come out losing half of what he retrieved, so I’m not too intimidated by this deck.  Hey, hit them where they’re not... on the ground )

Training This deck has lost its flare out in this area... don’t know why, but I’ll take it.	Search and Destroy again, suck up the AFA, sucks doesn’t it?  But then wait for him to get tired of S&D and then trounce him good, if he tries to come down early cower behind None Shall Pass and Barrier, maybe you’ll get lucky and get him good for one battle, that’s all it really takes.	If you’re confident try spreading a little to hit him with drains around, make him lose force quick, and don’t count on the big drain mods, because typically they’re gone before turn 4.  Training makes anything a grueling match, but hopefully you’ll see it through until the end and make the best of it.

TIGIH Kill Luke, simple enough... keep Mara as a trump card elsewhere, you kill this objective before its even going.	Though be watchful for power, its certainly going to be played.  Elis’ll probably help, plus all the other fun tricks the deck packs.

Throne Room Long, tough, bloody... hang on to your overalls, and may the sneakiest player with the biggest muscles win.

Profit *snicker* I hate profit.  Just play the deck, deploy your aliens... have fun.

New OTSD Obj Never played it or against it.

EBO Well, get out fast, drop S&D, should be a FAST game, hehehe... hopefully your 20 characters can spread further and drain faster than matching pilots or non-uniques.  Draw him down to you or (god forbid) the 4th marker.  When he gets to a battle ground... trounce him

That’s about all I can think of, its past midnight... hehe, if I forget something, blame it on that.  Suggestions are nice, ratings are nice too, just let me know what you think.

PS Mara in Jabba’s Palace is NOT good for None Shall Pass... just thought I’d make you aware of that.  Hehe, don’t fall into that trap. '