---
layout: post
author: Nick "JediBrain" Stefanko
title: 'Ewok Rescue - Two Films Early'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-07
description: ! 'After freeing Leia, instead of keeping her safe, throw her into the fray on Endor, where youll have Ewoks draining for as much as possible.'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'LOCATIONS - 8
Death Star Detention Block Corridor
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Endor Back Door
Endor Dense Forest
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Endor Rebel Landing Site (Forest)
Yavin 4 Docking Bay
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room

CHARACTERS - 27
Daughter Of Skywalker (x2)
General Crix Madine
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Prisoner 2187
Sergeant Brooks Carlson
TK-422
Ewok Spearman (x11)
Graak
Ithorian (x3)
Kazak (x2)
Wuta
8D8

WEAPONS - 2
Anakin’s Lightsaber
Luke’s Lightsaber

OBJECTIVE - 1
Rescue The Princess/Sometimes I Amaze Even Myself

EFFECTS - 8
Bargaining Table
Cell 2187
Death Star Plans
Goo Nee Tay
Insurrection
Lightsaber Proficiency
Staging Areas
Strike Planning

INTERRUPTS - 14
Endor Celebration
Ewok Rescue (x2)
Fallen Portal
Gift Of The Mentor
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes (x3)
Rebel Barrier
Sound The Attack (x2)
The Signal (x2)
'

Strategy: '

Starting Stuff
Rescue The Princess, Prisoner 2187, Death Star Detention Block Corridor, Death Star Docking Bay 327, Yavin 4 Docking Bay, Yavin 4 War Room, Heading For The Medical Frigate for Stike Planning, Insurrection, and Staging Areas

Basic Start
Prior to activating, if you didn’t get him in opening hand, use Strike Planning to pull Crix.  After activating, use Insurrection to pull the Endor DB (also use this opportunity to see if Sgt. Carlson is in there).  Deploy Crix to the Yavin 4 DB and Sgt. Carlson there.

Strategy
Now, you should have a decent amount of activation.  Use The Signal to get out Cell 2187 and free P2187 fast.  Use Crix to pull Wuta, and get him out with backup to the Endor DB and start pulling Endor sites out.
Once P2187 is freed, replace her with DOS and get to Endor.  Set up your Ewoks, Kazak, and Ithorians, and drain.  With your flipped objective, your opponent will reconsider making a direct assault.  Use EPP Obi and Jedi Luke to go after your opponent off-Endor and/or support your Ewoks on Endor.  Use Gift Of The Mentor to pull whichever saber you need.  With the consisent amount of damage you’ll be doing to your opponent, victory should be yours, but always be careful.	The one Rebel Barrier is in to prevent a large beatdown and to stay alive a turn longer.
Force retrieval engine is Nar Shaddaa on the Ewok Spearman and Death Star Plans on 8D8 if necessary.
'