---
layout: post
author: ! Christoffer "Thedit" Niska
title: ! "the Firebase (DS2 Booster Ralltiir Ops)"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-09
description: ! "A Ralltiir Ops deck boosted with the DS2 goodies. NOTE: If you don't know what some cards do, check on the card list I included to the deck strategy below. (BE SURE YOU READ THE CARD SPOILER IF YOU DON'T KNOW THE NEW CARDS BEFORE YOU RATE THIS DECK, thank"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start  ( 6 )
Ralltiir Operations
Ralltiir
Prepared Defenses
Imperial Arrest Order
Oppressive Enforcement
You Cannot Hide Forever

Locations  ( 11 )
 Desert
 Forest
 Jungle
 Spaceport Docking Bay
Dagobah Cave
Hoth Ice Plains
Hoth Wampa Cave
Death Star War Room
Death Star
Coruscant
Kashyyyk

Characters  ( 15 )
DLOTS
Vader w/ Saber
Mara Jade
Grand Moff Tarkin
Admiral Ozzel
Colonel Davod Jon
Officer Evax
Major Marquand
Lieutenant Watts
Lieutenant Arnet
AT-ST Pilot  x4
4-LOM w/ Rifle

Blue  ( 11 )
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6
Blizzard Scout 1
Chimaera
Devastator
Bossk In HT
Fett In S1
Z-Man In MH

Effects  ( 8 )
Battle Order
Bad Feeling Have I
Come Here You Big Coward
Crush The Rebellion
Imperial Decree
Search And Destroy
Something Special Planned For Them
There'll Be Hell To Pay

Interrupts  ( 7 )
Alter  x2
Trample x2
Evader x2
You Are Beaten

Admiral's Orders  ( 2 )
Battle Deployment  x2'

Strategy: '

NOTE Don't review this deck if you don't know how ROps works, thx a lot.

Updates --

I took out an AT-ST Pilot for Endor so I have 2 battleground systems for the Admiral's Order.

Answers to reviewers --

I can pull Kashyyyk from deck so no more BG systems is needed, I'm not either affetced of Landing Claw. About the SAC I just use Alter and plan to grab the sense when it's played and I need 4 AT-ST Pilots because they're just so damn good in AT-STs. Also I really don't need more Drain locations because this deck shuts down all the opponents drains and drain anyways more than opponent, also it has the firepower to beat the opponent if you need to. Just drain on Ralltiir and Kashyyyk / Endor if you really need to.

--

Here is the new boost for Ralltiir Ops from DS2 expansion, the deck is called 'the Firebase'. It's mainly like the pre-DS2 ROps but much stronger thanks to the new boost, Admiral's Orders and Starting Interrupt. I start Prepared Defences to pull out Imperial Arrest Order (anti-nabrun, also a good forfeit boost), Oppressive Enforcement (anti-SAC) and You Cannot Hide Forever (anti-Never Tell Me The Odds -- also you can throw it away at anytime to pull Battle Order, Search & Destroy or Something Special Planned For Them.) If opponent starts Throne Room I take Crush The Rebellion instead of Oppressive Enforcement. I start deploying out my locations and flip when I have enough force. Hold the control of Ralltiir is the key to this deck, it shouldn't be hard when you have Battle Deployment out because opponent can't draw more than one battle destiny if you occupy Ralltiir, also you may deploy a Walker from reserve every deploy phase. Next I'll tell in more detail how to face different popular Lightside decks.

How to play --

-- vs. Profit  Start with IAO, OE and YCHF. Don't deploy aliens to AC, they'll just get hammered. When you've set up pull Battle Order with YCHF and set up Decree to stop the drain on Tatooine. Drain on Ralltiir, at Kashyyyk and Coruscant you will win this game for sure, you drain more than you lose from his objective + drains. 4-LOM cancels Ben's gametext so that shouldn't be a problem either. Anyhow this is the worst opponent to ROps so if you counter be sure to think before you set up your gameplan.

-- vs. Mains / FChoke  Start with IAO, CTR and YCHF. Don't deploy before you have enough so you can flip on the same turn. The 2 Evaders and Crush should take care of the Revos. If they play a character who prevents 'reacts' Trample him and then react. However you have 8 or more forfeit / At-St so you shouldn't get hammered by mains who all deploy +2, if you have Bad Feeling out +4 to Ralltiir. Alters are in for annoying effects like Frozen Assets, Mechanical Failure and Order to Engage. This is one of the toughest decks you can run into but if you play the deck right it will win.

-- vs. EBO  -- vs. Hidden Base  Start with IAO, Decree and YCHF. Flip as soon as you can to lower his drains to almost nothing. Pull out the Hoth sites and set up Decree. Now get S&D with YCHF and make him lost every draw phase, this should + your drains should kill the opponent really quickly. Not a too hard win.

-- vs. Hidden Base  Start with IAO, Decree and YCHF. Flip as soon as you can and get out the Hoth sites to set up Decree so they drain like 1 if even that. If you need to put toghter a fleet and go probe his Hidden Base if you don't just drain on Ralltiir and pull S&D with YCHF, now he loses 1 force every draw phase which will hurt him so bad that he'll run out of life force and the game will end in your victory.

-- Other wicked decks  Odds are dead because of YCHF and the retrieve engines are dead because of SSPFT, this shouldn't be a hard match.

Shorts (Just to easy up reading the strategy). --

-- IAO = Imperial Arrest Order
-- OE = Oppressive Enforcement
-- YCHF = You Cannot Hide Forever (DS2)
-- CTR = Crush The Rebellion
-- S&D = Search And Destroy
-- SSPFT = Something Special Planned For Them (DS2)

--

DS2 Cards spoilers to the card used in this deck (Read this if you don't know the gametext of the new cards). 

* Colonel Davod Jon (2)
Character - Imperial - [Scout] [leader]
P3, A2 {W}
While at an exterior planet site, power +2, immune to attrition < 3 and draws one battle destiny if not able to otherwise. When present with a Scomplink, cancels Surpise Assault at a related site where you have a spy or scout.
D4, F5

* Chimaera (1)
Capital Imperial-Class Star Destroyer
P8, Ar6, H3 {P} {A} {SL}
May add 6 pilots, 8 passengers, 2 vehicles and 4 TIEs. Has ship-docking capability. Permanent pilot provides ability of 2. Immune to attrition < 4 (< 5 if Imperial leader aboard, < 6 if Thrawn aboard).
D9, F10

* Something Special Planned For Them (5)
Effect
Deploy on table. For opponent to move a starship from same location as your Star Destroyer requires +2 Force. Also, when opponent has just retrieved Force using an Interrupt or Utinni Effect card, that card is placed out of play. (Immune to Alter.)

* You Cannot Hide Forever (5)
Effect
Deploy on table. Opponent's Jedi are defense value -1. Never Tell Me The Odds is canceled. You may place Effect in Lost Pile to take one {Endor} or {DSII} Effect that deploys for free into hand from Reserve Deck; reshuffle. (Immune to Alter.)

* Prepared Defences (3)
Used Or Starting Interrupt
USED Add 1 to your battle destiny just drawn.
STARTING Deploy up to three Effects if each of them deploys for free, is always immune to Alter and has "deploy on table" (or "deploy on your side of table") in its game text. Place Interrupt in Lost Pile.

* Battle Deployment (6)
Admiral's Order
At each system where any player does not have both a starfighter and a capital starship present, that player's starships there are power -2. At sites related to systems you occupy, during each battle opponent may draw no more than one battle destiny. Once during each of your deploy phases, you may deploy one combat vehicle from your Reserve Deck; reshuffle.

Thanks for reading, let me know what you think guys.

Chris / Thedit'83   '