---
layout: post
author: Carson "tarkinsaide" Swanek
title: 'The Way Hunt Down Was Supposed To Be v1.5'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-19
description: ! 'A killer Hunt Down deck that will devastate all other decks.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting9
Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi/TFHGOOTU
Executor Meditation Chamber
Executor Holotheater
Visage Of The Emperor
Epic Duel
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
Oppressive Enforcement

Locations5
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Rendili
Executor DB
Endor Landing Platform (DB)
Endor Dark Forest

Characters15
Darth Vader x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Lord Vader
Darth Vader w/ Lightsaber
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Mara Jade, TEH
Iggy with gun
4-lom with gun
Zuckuss
Dr. Evazan
Miiyoom Onith
Commander Igar
Dengar w/ Blaster Carbine

Vehicles2
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2

Starships5
Executor
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Bossk in Bus
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Chimaera

Effects4
Reactor Terminal
Lateral Damage
Visage Of The Emperor
Presence Of The Force

Interrupts16
Alter x2
Sense x2
The Circle Is Now Complete x2
Vaders Obsession x2
Focused Attack x2
Sniper
You Are Beaten
Ghhhk
Masterful Move
Put All Sections On Alert
Its Worse

Weapons 4
Vaders Lightsaber x2
Darth Vaders Lightsaber
Mara Jades Lightsaber '

Strategy: '

This is my second attemt at a Hunt Down deck.  HotJedi should not be a problem with 3 battleground locations That I can pull by turn 2, and I will be putting in the HotJedi killer in when it comes out.  The Iggy/ 4-lom/ Zuckuss combo is killer.	3 destinies and no elom power bonus.  Speaking of eloms,  This deck combats them well, only giving them 4 different characters that makes them power 4.  Flipping should not be a problem with all the Vaders.	Dueling is easy, too.  2 Senses and 2 Focused Attacks, as well of GMT, should insure a win.  Now for the general strategies

TIGIH	Capture Luke ASAP.  He will actually help you in the fact that your opponent doesnt have him.  Once you get him to vader, move vader to the executor db where nobody can move to him.	Be careful where you battle, and use Onith to see whats in their hand.	Shouldnt be too hard.

Profit  Start Mara and Zuckuss, then reinforce with Vader and Tarkin ASAP.  Try to pull a Sniper in case if they dont try to battle and free Han with Leia instead.  With Luke and Obi so easy to kill, it should be an easy win.

Hidden Base This will be a tough matchup, seeing as I only have 5 starships in my deck.  Try to drain on the ground ASAP, make them lose to Visage, and probe with the few ships you have.  I wish I had security precautions, but I dont.

EBO  Dont try to out-space them.  Start Decree and invade Hoth.  You should have enough ground power to push them out.  Drain at their former locations, but dont get too @#$%y.

RTP  Draw until you get Iggy.	Use Iggy to capture her and leave him alone at a site.	Game.

TRM  Make them lose to visage until they put out a Jedi.  Duel, rinse, repeat.  Beat down on any other characters they get out.  New Effect will kill this, too.

RST  Invade Endor.  If they try to blow up the bunker, keep it well guarded.  Kill Madine ASAP.  Alter Close Air Support if they use it.  Shouldnt be much of a problem.

MWYHL	Drain and make them lose to visage.  Might be a tough matchup.	I wish I had some retrieval protection in here, but I dont have room.

Thats about it.  I know what I want to put in, just not what to take out.  LMK both, please.  Happy Reviewing
---Carson '