---
layout: post
author: ! Yit Fun "turboinsan" Yap
title: ! 'Hit and Run for the DS'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-11
description: ! 'Probe Droid + Self Destruct Mechanism + First Strike + Scum and Villiany.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'e^x.deck - Tue Apr 11 201142 2000

Unknown Type
Coruscant
Coruscant Imperial Square
Endor Back Door
Hoth Defensive Perimeter
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber  x2
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jabba's Palace  x3

Characters (14)
EV-9D9
Jabba  x2
Outer Rim Scout  x3
Probe Droid  x8

Starships (4)
Boba Fett in Slave I  x2
Jabba's Space Cruiser	x2

Interrupts (20)
Ghhhk  x2
Look Sir, Droids
Main Course
Monnok
None Shall Pass  x2
Projective Telepathy  x2
Self-Destruct Mechanism  x4
Slip Sliding Away
Torture  x3
Twi'lek Advisor  x3

Effects (10)
A Bright Center To The Universe
Broken Concentration
First Strike
Oppressive Enforcement
Scum And Villainy  x2
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay  x2
Well Guarded

Devices (1)
Restraining Bolt

Unknown Type
ISB Operations/Empire's Sinister Agents
'

Strategy: '

Update After playtesting this deck once or twice I think it*s good. Why? Order to Engage can*t hurt you. Think about it, if you were playing Outer Rim Scouts or some stuff like that you*d die with OTE. Your retrieval won*t be able to handle that. Try to keep that in mind. Also this deck is pretty flexible, swap out cards if you need for your local meta. I love probots. )

Error in decklist Drop the EV9D9 for Search and Destroy.

This deck is merely a draft; it is the seed of an deck idea. I do believe it is new, though the concept of Hit and Run is not It*s just something for people to try out instead of moaning about the umpteen HDADTJ or Throne Room mains deck.

Start with Well Guarded always. There is bound to be someone who plays heavy Grim in your place. ( If there isn*t you can take the risk of starting ABC against Ops. You start with ISB and Coruscant, or Imperial Square if your area is heavy with HB.

Before you rate this deck take a look at this strategy section. I will now describe the card combo this deck revolves around -

Probe Droid + Self Destruct Mechanism + Scum and Villiany + First Strike

The combination of Scum and Villiany with First Strike allows for a 4 Force swing every time you initiate battle. In order to initiate a battle and intentionally lose the character, I have utilized the ubiquitous Probe Droid along with a card to lose it, Self Destruct Mechanism.

You initiate battle for a 4 Force swing, then you play the Boom card and lose your droid. Coupled with ISB, you get to retrieve back your probe droid.

Now, for the defense against space decks -

If you*re going up against HB decks, drain with the probe droids. The heavy drain locations will become killer as you can just deploy Probe Droids there to drain for 3 a turn. Search and Destroy forces them to commit to ground or suffer a 2 a turn loss. If they play with their funky R-3PO then either Restraining Bolt the guy, or just destroy him with Look Sir, Droids. )

Against HB As described before, you drain them out. If they go to ground, get the combo cycling and drain them at other places.

Against Ops ABCTTU should handle the jacked up drains. Your drains should win. If possible get your guys over and battle them for the 3 / 1 thing.

I*m not sure of other matchups. If you actually build this thing and play against other decks let me know I*m trying to figure in other matchups.

Thanks go out to TJ Holman for giving advice.	'