---
layout: post
author: ! Adam "General Solo" Prosak
title: ! 'Yoda'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-07-28
description: ! 'what good is a short description if you're gonna give a long description later on?  If you must know, this is a jedi Testing deck.   it's got Yoda in it too.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objectives (1)
Mind What you Have Learned

Locations (8)
Dagobah
Dagobah Swamp
Dagobah Jungle
Dagobah Yoda's hut
Dagobah Bog Clearing
Dagobah Training Area
Hoth War Room
RendezVous Point

Characters (12)
Yoda
DoSkywalker
Jedi Knight Luke x3
Premiere Obi x2
General Calrissan
DSII Wedge
Tawss Khaa
Orinmaarko
Captain Han (you and the c'apn make it happen)

Cards that are colored like yoda (9)
Obi's Stick
Anakin's Stick x2
Luke's Backpack
Electocheaters x2
Ewok Catapult
Bionic hand
Intruder Missile

Ships (4)
Home One
Red Squadron 1
Falcon
R2 in R5

Interupts (9)
Heading for the medical frigate
Signal
Gift of the mentor
Alter (find this and get Broken Concentration, PotF, or unprotected CHYBC, they wont expect it, use electros for destiny draw)
Star Destroyer (make sure everyone in the tourney can hear you when you use this)
Strangle
On the Edge

Effects (11)
The Way of Things
Wise Advice
Battle plan
YOur Insight Serves You well
honor of the Jedi
Push On Us? x2
Projection of a Skywalker x2
Traffic Control
Squadron Assignments
'

Strategy: '

For all of those who assume that Jedi Testing is too slow, you're right.  But did any of you anti-Yoda people consider that there are some really good ways to slow the game down to a crawl so you have time to setup.  Pre DSII, Testing was risky because it was possible to get crushed before you could test all the way to 5.  And because everyone started Twi-leks, putting in a Broken Concentration was a one card solution to any Jedi Testing.  Before i start with my deck, I'll explain the cards that make Jedi Testing unbelievable.

The new starting interupts- not only can the testing player start with both Wise Advice and Battle Plan (and another effect too, keep your pants on), but they decrease the possibility of the DS starting Broken Concentration (and if they do, they can't use their 3 effect start).  Really important.

The Way of Things- um, cool.  The only way this gets better is if it says "Broken Concentration is cancelled".  In an smooth testing, this saves you 2 turns (one to deploy the test and another to test).  it also makes failure of the cave less good.

Honor of the Jedi/Your insight serves you well.  These go together because they stop non-battle/drain ways of killing you.  The latter will often be used to search for the former against big DS decks like Hunt Down, BHFM, Court.  This has limited use however against ROps Search and Destroy because ROps can get three battlegrounds easily.

You Must Confront Vader- plain and simple.  When combined with honor of the Jedi, this gives you a way to win under CHYBC.  Don't rate this deck poorly because I don't have battlegrounds or spies.	They really can't do anything at non-battlegrounds to hurt this deck and I can win with JT#6.	Basically, Test 6 takes away the best DS character and makes everyone of your characters a complete machine.

Jedi Knight Luke- hmm a main that you want to see on JT#5.  nuff said.

Ok, when you play my deck, start 3 effects out of Wise Advice, Insight, Battle Plan, and The Way of Things.  I usually leave out Battle Plan or Insight cause I can search for either of them.

First turn, try and get Daughter to yoda's Hut.  Depending on how much you need Great Warrior, decide whether or not you need the sack.  Usually I just use it as another 6 to draw for destiny.  Second turn get out the Yoda and the training area and deploy test 1 (I'd tell you to get test 2 on the opponent's turn, but if you've read any other deck on Decktech, you'd know to do that)
3rd turn get the jungle and test 2 out and see if they want to move before you move over.  4th turn get the Swamp or Clearing next to the Jungle and swing on by to get test 3 with the way of things on the way to test 4.  After 4 turns, Dagobah should look like this

Swamp--Jungle--yoda's hut---training area


During the early turns, lose higher jedi tests you have in your hand (you can exchange them later), dig for an electobinoculars so you can setup battles/On the Edge.  Don't battle unless the DS either fulfills Battle Plan or nullifies honor of the Jedi and hurts you directly.  In that case, battle to ensure that those two effects slow their damage dealing capacity.  Those two effects are crucial in buying time so you can test.  You can take a decent amount from early drains because you will retrieve 10 of it from flipping.  tests 2 and 3 are excellent at preventing the opponent from spreading out and electros help get some decent attrition.  Basically while you're testing, pick either ground or space and kick the DS off of it so they have to pay for battle plan.

The fighting force is amazing under the jedi tests.  Yoda and test 3 help boost the immunity of everyone (everyone is immune to some attrition or pilots an immune ship).  All of your ships w/matching pilots get a destiny and immunity <5 (more with the test 3).  yes General Calrissan mathces with the falcon (read the glossary entry matching ships) so you can use Squad Assignments to fetch them.  3 Luke's cause he's destiny 6 (makes the 8 deploy worth it).  Anakin's stick (not Luke's) so that DoS can use it should the need arise to take Daughter off planet.

Odd card choices-  no Tank, Claws, or Fury.  All three of these cards are low destiny and easily cancelled.  While the effect is more powerful than something like a squad assignments, I liked the destiny and non-cancel ability of the assignments (and other cards).  All the 7's have some use (extremely limited for the green 7's, but nonetheless, still there)

Final thoughts- abuse electros to go through tests quickly (turn 7-10), set a destiny 5 or better on test 5 (there are 16 cards that could possibly go on test 5 that are 5 or higher), flip and retrieve 10, use On the Edge to make the lost pile smaller, then use the insane global effects of the tests to win lots of battles.  And if you're lucky, you'll have 4 Jedi on the table at once It's about time I take that old muppet out of my binder and give him some exercise.  He looked like he didn't want to come out and exercise his 900 year old bones, but then I sang his favorite song to him.

(music to Lola begins)
I met him in a swamp down in Dagobah
Where it bubbles all the time
Like a giant carbonated soda
S-O-D-A, soda

I saw the little runt sitting there on a log
I asked him his name
And in a raspy voice he said Yoda
Y-O-D-A, Yoda
Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda

Well, I've been around but I ain't never seen
A guy who looks like a muppet
But he's wrinkled and green
Oh my Yoda
Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda
Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda

Well, I'm not dumb but I can't understand
How he can lift me in the air just by raising his hand
Oh my Yoda
Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda
Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda
Now, I left home just a week before
And I never ever been a Jedi before
But Obi-Wan he set me straight of course
He said, "Go to Yoda and he'll show you the Force"

Now, I'm not the kind that'll argue with Ben
So it looks I'm gonna start all over again
With my Yoda
Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda
Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda

So I used the force
I picked up a box
I lifted some rocks
And I stood on my head
But I won't forget what Yoda said, he said
"Luke, stay away from the darker side
And if you start to go astray let the Force be your guide"
Oh my Yoda
Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda

I know Darth Vader's really got you annoyed
But, remember if you kill him then you'll be unemployed
Oh my Yoda
Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda

Well, I heard my friends really got in a mess
So I'm gonna have to leave Yoda, I guess
But I know that I'll be coming back some day
I'll be playing this part till I'm old and grey

The long-term contract I had to sign
Says I'll be making these movies till the end of time
With my Yoda
Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda
Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda

Yo-Yo-Yo-Yo Yoda

hmmm, Weird Al like I hmmm
'