---
layout: post
author: Alex "george3785" George
title: 'Flexible HDADTJ Mains and Toys Ver. 2.0'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-27
description: 'A good version of a huntdown deck that I have been using that works well and causes some surprises. Please dont rate it bad because it is a Huntdown Deck.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective:
Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out of the Universe

Locations (9)
Executor Meditation Chamber
Executor HoloTheator
Endor Backdoor
Death Star
Endor
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Endor Landing Platform
Endor Forest cLearing
Endor Dark Forest

Characters (19)
Darth Vader Dark Lord of the Sith
Darth Vader x2
EPP Vader x2
Mara Jade x2
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
IG-88 with Riot Gun x2
4-Lom with Concussion Rifle
Admiral Ozzel
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle
Dengar with Concussion Rifle
Dr. Evason
Commander Igar

Weapons (3)
Vaders Lightsaber x2
Mara Jades Lightsaber

Vehicles (2)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2

Creatures (1)
Bubo

Starships (6)
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Dreadnaught x2
Executor

Interrupts (10)
Twilek Advisor x2
Alter x2
Sniper x2
Evader x2
Torture

Effects (7)
Security Precautions
Secret Plans
Visage of the Emperor x2
Come Here You Big Coward
Imperial Arrest Order
Battle Order
Crush the Rebellion
Presence of the force x2 

Strategy: 

Strategy
edit This is a very powerful version of Huntdown that is very effective against most decktypes out right now. It is very strong and there are not many holes in its strategy. With the sites I have enough battle grounds to flip the objective, but I dont give too much force to the opponent with all my non battle ground sites. If they deploy to a nonbattle ground site they might not be able to force drain due to CHYBC and I'll be getting enough force to send a massive beatdown down. It has many weapons to make Dr. Evazon very effective for major force loss. The Imperial Arrest Order is very powerful due to the number of ability 2 imps in my deck and to stop a Nabrun Lieds beatdown crew. Sense and Alter will mess up the opponents plans and sniper can cause for opponents characters and spies to be lost.

VS. Ops: Deploy Battle Order and go down on the Renegade Planet and crush them not letting them flip their obj.

VS. MWYHL: Start Broken Concentration to stop tracked destinies. Prepare for a beatdown so make sure you have enough power at one sites to stop an EPP party dead in its tracks.

VS. ECC obj: Go down on Cloud City and control enough sites to stop them from flipping. Force Drain therew and get out Downtown plaza for walkers.

VS EJP Obj: Start Mara and Boba Fett if you dont think there is going to be a huge beatdown right off the bat. That way the cant move or deploy Boushh or lando there. Then set up more characters there to back them up and force drain.

I hope you like this deck and I would Love some Constructive Feedback.	This is my second version. I hope you like it.

