---
layout: post
author: Danny "Skuff D" Rider
title: 'B-Wingers'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-03-27
description: 'Not your father's Hidden Base deck. This deck is designed to utilize HB concepts while making sure that the opponent regrets deploying to space.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective: Hidden Base

Locations: 9
Rendezvous Point
Kessel
Roche
Yavin 4
Chandrilla
Bothowaii
Kiffix
Coruscant
Hidden Base Marker (always changing)

Effects: 7
Yarna d'al' Gargan
Eject! Eject!
Traffic Control
Slayn & Korpil Facilities
S-Foils
Rebel Fleet
Wise Advice

Interrupts: 15
It Could Be worse
Slight Weapon Malfunction
Stay Sharp
Combined Attack x2
Power Pivot x2
All Wings Report In
Transmission Terminated
Hyper Escape x2
The Signal x3
Star Destroyer!

Weapons: 6
Proton Torpedoes x3
Intruder Missles x3

Starships: 17
B-Wing x10
Gold Squadron Y-wing x2
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Lando in Falcon
Spiral
Tantive IV

Characters: 5
R2-D2
Boushh
TK-422
Wedge Antilles
Lt. Tarn Mison




Strategy: 

Strategy: First off and foremost it must be remembered that this deck isn't supposed to flip as fast as most HB decks do. If your opponent is playing Security Precautions, don't flip until you've cleared out all of the starships he has. (I'm sure most of you already follow this policy.)
This is to assure that you get the most out of the deck.
First off and foremost, Slayn & korpil Facilities is the lynch pin of this deck. If you don't know what it does, go read the card and then come back and finish the review. I'll wait...

Once you get this card out, set up for any space battle. S-foils is for not just the added power bonus but it also adds to weapon targeting. Along with the B-wings game text, that's +2 weapon destiny! No ship is safe is safe with this deck.
The Executor is a sitting duck with one Combined attack of two intruder missles. First off both of those missles are already +5 (3 if ship is targeted by another weapon and 2 because of s--foils and bwing text)Not only will you hit the Executor, you'll retrieve 4 force for doing it. (Slayn & Korpil) There are only 7 cards besides systems that have destiny < 3 in this deck so rest assured you can hit anything.
This destiny factor also adds to the use of Eject! Eject!, which is sure to work 53 out of 60 times.
The interrupts are useful in making one battle a game winner and with Wise Addvice out, you don't have to worry about SAC too much.
Stay Sharp is a nice space sniper and it's second function comes in most useful if you just fired an Intruder Missle. Adding 7 to your total power is always sweet.
The only decks that might do decent against this are decks that focus on Big Blue. They still won't win,(unless they play tractor beams...ouch!) but they make the game much more interesting.

Once you've pummeled your opponent in space, flip your objective and play defensively. If you've played HB before you know exactly how to do this.

I have played with this deck constantly and have modified it to fit the needs of myself compared to what decks see play in my area. It has gone 4-2 (I blame the 2 losses on bad opening hands) And it is an unexpected twist to HB. The only thing that may slow someone down in making this deck is finding all the B-wings, but thanks to Reflections it won't be that hard.


