---
layout: post
author: ! michael "Deck" Gemme
title: ! "Mad 5's"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-06-12
description: ! 'This is a tosche mains deck with lots of 5's.  i dont need lots of characters to win.  you may think this just another tosche deck, and maybe it is but my 5's wreck house. so check it out.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations [8]
Tatooine Tosche Station 
Tatooine Obi's Hut 
Hoth Echo War Room
Yavin4 Mesassi HQ
Rendevoux Point
Yoda's Hut
Chief Chirpa's Hut
Yavin4 War Room

Characters [18]
Ben Kenobi x3
Obi Wan
EPP Luke x3
EPP Leia x2
EPP Han x2
ECC Chewie
Chewbacca
Wedge Antilles
Orrimarko
Melas
Tawss Khaa
R-3PO

Starships [5]
Tantiv4
Spiral
GLG1
RLR1
Lando in Falcone

Interrupts [25]
Gift of the Mentor x2 (5)
Dont Get Cocky (5)
Skywalkers (5)
Rug Hug
Life Debt
Protector
The Force is Strong with this one (5)
Transmission Terminated (5)
Bith Shuffle (5)
Shocking Information (5)
Out of Commission x4 (5)
Careful Planning (5)
Nabrun Leids x3
I Know (5)
Reber Barrier
Dont Forget the Droids (6)
Clash of Sabers
Sorry About the Mess

Effects [3]
Traffic Control
Uncontrollable Fury
Disarmed (5)

Weapons [2]
Obi Wan's Saber'

Strategy: '

First off let me say i dont know why the FUCK there are lines through all my stuff so i apologize for that first.

This Deck is ill beleive it or not
its got 15 fives and 9 fours and 1 six
Always start Obi's Hut with Tosche Using carefull planning
The first thing you should try and do is get obi to tosche for cheap and his saber on him.  Dont use Gift of the Mentor for a saber unless you have to.  Traffic control is usefull to get your destiny adders back in your deck if you dont think youll need them otherwise there are about 7 other cards that are automatic recyclables.  Out of Commission is the best card in this deck.  You never know when youll play a DS retreival deck like ISB, ROPS, or SFS.  and this card shuts them down.  I OOC'd 13 cards in an isb deck and 9 in an SFS deck.  I use Ben's because of the 3 nabruns you can nabrun him wherever your hitsquad is.  otherwise play it like a normal mains deck deploying wherever they are.	be sure to use clash when you have it because that just makes some battles sick in the head.
Against every deck you should be interacting.  if you play a SFS deck then get your epps piloting ships like the tantiv and spiral and falcone and GLG1 and keep using those adders.  The destinies will be ther for you.  It is especially nice to get more than one in your hand and drop em all at once to stack a bunch of 5's for your multiple destinies.  This deck only has problems against numbers but if you dont use the EPPs you can avoid numbers by using r3p0 wedge and tawss, but youre also not doing much damage.  play  how you feel.  you can probably take a bit of damage from numbers.  On the edge is in there to get a few back when you know you can draw a five or to kill a guy when he has Responsibility of Command on him.  I hope you enjoy this deck and dont treat it like a normal tosche it really does kick ass across kashyyyk for the most part. '