---
layout: post
author: Brandon "Jago257" Romano
title: 'Hunt Down- Luke Likes Being Evil 3.0'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-06
description: 'This is the re-revised version of my Hunt Down, now currently 8-1 in tournament play, the one loss was only by 11.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/ Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe
Executor: Holotheatre
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Visage Of The Emperor
Twi'lek Advisor
Crush The Rebellion
Epic Duel

Characters
3x Darth Vader
2x Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
3x Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
2x Grand Moff Tarkin
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
Bane Malar
Dannik Jerriko
IG-88 with Riot Gun

Vehicles
Blizzard 2

Starships
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Death Squadron Star Destroyer
Executor

Weapons
2x Vader's Lightsaber
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Locations
Cloud City: Port Town District

Interrupts
4x Vader's Obsession
3x The Circle Is Now Complete
2x Focussed Attack
4x Elis Helrot
2x You Are Beaten
3x I Have You Now
Lone Warrior
It's Worse

Effects
2x Reactor Terminal
3x Visage Of The Emperor
Security Precautions
Presence of the Force


Strategy: 

Don't mark me off because of my strategy, it is basically the same against all decks and is very simple.
I will explain some things that my be questionable.

VS most decks(land based, eg mains, PROFIT, OPS, etc...)

Get down Vader to an opponet's location(since they are so nice to usually put one out). Get down various other characters, drain, battle, and use nifty interrupts to destroy in battle. Duel with Mara and Vader, use the Vader Tarkin combo for duels and Foccussed Attack.

Profit
Start Mara + Dannik in Audience Chamber, pull her saber 1st turn, get Vader down second turn(or 1st if Vaders Obsession was in opening hand)
Draw up 1st turn to get a Vaders Obsession, since there are 4 it is easy to get. Duel Luke ASAP and make them hurt, it's very easy to win duels with these destinies.

HB
Start Presence in Chamber, put vader there flip. Use the -2 on their battle destinies, and the text of Chamber to win battles in space.
Get down those ships and S. Precautions. Deploy other characters on the ships for attrition fodder.
-Beats em every time.

EBO
Same strategy as HB minus S.precautions.
Plus, get down Mara and Walker to Hoth.

Vs most other decks
Start Crush, put down lots of characters, Elis around kill people and duel. Garrison one large squad against Rescue Princess and operatives at one site and kill them that way.

Only one location because of Presence in chamber vs space, and can deploy to opponets locations otherwise.

Sorry, I know this is lacking, but you know how it works, the only things I really needed to explain was profit start, 1 location, and the presence in chamber start.
I hope that if you are reviewing decks, then you do have some common sense on the cards.
Rate the deck, not the strategy notes.thanks a lot, God Bless.

