---
layout: post
author: ! Eddie "ISBop" Brown
title: ! 'That Hellhole They Call Ralitiir'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-10
description: ! 'This is basically a Ralitiir power deck.  It uses the awesome power of RallOps to crush the opposition.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations
Ralitiir
Forest
Spaceport Prefect's Office
Spaceport Street
Spaceport City
Kashyyyk
Kiffex

Characters
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Darth Vader with Lightsaber
Grand Moff Tarkin
Commander Igar
General Veers
General Tagge
Captain Piett
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral Motti
Mara Jade
Officer Evax
Corporal Derdram
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
IG-88 With Riot Gun

Creatures
Bubo

Starships
Executor
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Devestator
Thunderflare
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser

Vehicles
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1
Blizzard Walker x2
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6


Weapons/Devices
Vader's Lightsaber
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Interrupts
Trample x3
There'll Be Hell To Pay
Tentacle
Twi'Lek Advisor x2
Torture x2
Evader

Effects
Empire's New Order
Reactor Terminal
There Is No Try
Imperial Arrest Order
Batttle Order
Broken Concentration
Security Precautions

Objective
Ralitiir Operations/In The Hands Of The Empire
'

Strategy: '

Pretty easy to play.  Start RallOps, Ralitiir and Twi'lek for IAO.  IAO isn't vital, and that's for good reason.  It can be easily changed to counter your opponent.  Against Hidden Base, start Security Precautions.	Against MWYHL, start Broken Concentration.  Against ops, start Battle Order.  Against Mains and Toys, I would just leave it at IAO, so if the beatdown comes, all your guys arent wiped out ).  Try to grab the forest first to keep your guys alive.	Then just drop like crazy until the objective is flipped.  Stick low ability guys in the walkers so they don't get chopped up or shot.  The DS brothers are made for the walkers.  Non-unique walkers are power 9  Once you have plenty of ability at all your sites, turn toward the skies.	Watch out if your opponent has clouds, they can flip it back in a snap if youre not careful.  Use the battle destiny benifits to drain and battle in space, supplemening with steady drains on the ground.  If your opponent does not come after you, DO NOT chase after him.  Your guys are for Ralitiir.  If you do, your opponent will drop some guys and flip your objective back, and then you're in deep trouble.  Keep the Executor at Ralitiir so Light doesnt take it.  Torture for numbers, Twi'lek for your effects.  Not to difficult to play, just Don't Get Cocky P.	Comments and Suggestions are greatly appreciated. Thanks   '