---
author: Preston "Bravo 3" Stahley
title: 'Quiet X-Wing Colony'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-03-17
description: 'This decks combines the raw power of X-Wings with the manipulation and retrieval of Cloud City Sabacc.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 


Locations (4)
Bespin [S]
Cloud City: Casino [S]
Cloud City: Downtown Plaza
Bespin: Cloud City

Characters (19)
Incom Engineer x4
WED-9-M1 'Bantha' Droid x4
Devaronian x2
Lando with Blaster Pistol
Chewie with Blaster Rifle
Luke With Lightsaber
Obi With Lightsaber
Lobot
Han Solo
Figrin Dan
Sergeant Edian
Bron Burs

Starships (12)
Red Leader in Red 1
X-Wing x7
X-Wing Assault Squadron
Red Squadron X-wing x3

Interrupts (15)
The Signal x3 [S]
Cloud City Sabacc x7
Slight Weapons Malfunction x2
It's A Trap! x3

Effects (9)
Rebel Fleet
Traffic Control
S-Foils
Cloud City Celebration
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?
Revolution
Goo Nee Tay
Mantellian Savrip
Wise Advice [S]

Objective:
Quiet Mining Colony/Independent Operation 

Strategy: 

	  This deck is not terribly complicated but very fun.  I've spent a lot of time building and fine-tuneing it to playability.  Like I said it's fairly simple.  You start with the Casino and should be able to get a hold of it pretty fast with the amount of characters here.  Start your Sabacc with any gambler (preferably Lando) when ever you have a few cards in your lost pile.  If they forgot there There'll Be Hell To Pay they will soon be sorry!  You should be able to hold off any battles that should occur using a Slight Weapons Malfuction in combination with Lando's destiny adding text.  Lando is very important to the deck so defend him well.  If any trigger happy Snipers are on the lose you're sure to suprise them with It's A Trap.  If you have Figrin out you can also wager for retrieval especially if they've locked down your Sabacc.

    As this is happening on the ground you should also be gathering a sizable squad of X-Wings.  Use your first couple Signals to pull out Rebel Fleet/S-Foils/Mantellian Savrip.  As soon as you can.	These effects bost the usefullness of your X-Wings considerably.  Not to mention that when ever you have a Incom Engineer with a Bantha Droid at one of your sites you are able to add 2 to your battle destiny and all X-Wings are immune to atrittion < 5!!  Try to keep a pair of these guys on the ground at all times.

    Although this deck is designed to be able to flip the obj, don't think you have to flip to win.  In every game I won I did NOT flip!  However if the oppertunity is there go for it.  In some cases you may be forced to so be prepared.  Another final note -this deck is based on retrieval and therefore weak against certian other deck types.  Watch out for Secret Plans.  However if played correctly it can be a fun and suprisingly effective deck strategy! 