---
layout: post
author: Maarten "PIET" Rossou
title: 'Ryloth National co-winning deck'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-05-24
description: ! 'DO NOT PANIC yes this is an ewok deck, and yes, it has won 2 out of 3 on the national. It is called Maarten's terrible horrible fuzzy bear attack part II'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start 

Endor Chief chirpas hut
Rebel landing site


Other sites

Back door
Landing platform
Dense forest

Ewok sentry x 9
EPP obi x2
epp luke
Dos x2
General solo
General Crix madine
Chewbacca of kashyyyk
Corporal Kensaric
Graak
Teebo
Chief chirpa
Wicket
Logray
Romba
Wuta
Kazak x2
Hnemthe x2
Ithorian x 3
R3po
Threepio aka the God x2

Some reddish stuff

Uncontrollable Fury
Civil disorder x2
Mechanical Failure
Its a Trap x 3
Balanced attack x 3
Were you looking for me? x3
Fallen portal x3
Nar shadda wind chimes x2
The signal
Careful Planning	    '

Strategy: '

THE LOWRATINGISSUE at the end of the month

Damn, i have to update once more, if this continues, ill have more edits than ratings.
Because it is near the end of the month, the time for extremely low ratings has come. As you might have noticed, a guy named Space Man is giving all top 5 decks low ratings, with virually no comment. He gives my deck 5 stars. As you might have guessed, he is Dutch. I have mailed him, saying that this is wrong.
As you also might have noticed, i also rate the top-5 decks and i try to rate them as good as i can.
I dont wanne become the number one deck by any means necessary, it think its cool people are beginning to like ewoks, while my first ewokdeck was bashed down by some people, never to be taken seriously by others. By deleting Jfunkallstar's rating, my deck came in at number 1 and got the attention it deserved.


DO NOT give me a low rating because you dont want me to win or so, and DO NOT give other people a low rating because you think ewoks are cute. They are not. They kill you, especially if you have a dark facemask and breathe heavily on endor. It a horrible death...

thank you for reading.



EDITED I want to thank all people who reviewed my deck. On the sac aspect they can sense some, but with all the reacts and interrupts, some is bound to get through. Also, sense isn't played much in my area. But you can add some if you like. Cut back a bit on the interrupts. Monnok really doesn't hurt me; if they decide to play monnok, they maybe get 2 ewoks, but they don't have enough force left to block my drains, so they get some damage also. With this start, i get the speed i want to put my opponent under pressure.
I deleted Jfunkallstar's review, because it was a badly motivated review. I mailed him about that. Just try the deck and see what it does.

Edit number 2 About space. It's true, there isn't any space in there. The first version had, because I was afraid of ABCTTU. But, for ABCTTU, you've got to have Coruscant/Dstar and Endor. It is possible to do, but what am i going to do about it? I cant deploy to Endor or Coruscant (without Tantive), so red and gold aren't usefull. I deleted my space because i felt it would do me more bad than good. With ABCTTU, I still have 3 ithorians, and 5 icons. With ABCTTU and 5d6, i'm @#$%ed i have to admit that. But then the reason kicks in that ISB isn't played much in my area. If it is, put some anti-stuff in and cut back on the interrupts.
			Against Raltiir, it dependes. While it is a great deck, it has trouble setting up while it loses force fast. This is what you've got to do. With Raltiir AND decree (which i haven't encountered) you have to try and disrupt the decree. If you have a good hand, you can try and put a h'nemthe and ithorian or corporal kensaric at Raltiir FAST.
			Against numbers Against a good skrillings-deck, it can lose. Especially if it combines skrillings, occupation and court. Mare Tino has posted a deck like that. But if the numbers can't battle, you can try and outdrain them. Against undercover-numbers, use R-3po.
			Against Hunt down, it also depends. Try to lure him to endor with big drains. Uncontrollable might be handy, if it doesn't get cancelled.


Again, if you have any specific comments, feel free to mail me.
End of edit number 2. (i didn't delete any ratings this time, because they had their reasons to rate me like this. The Dutch comments given are almost all good, they were surprised i had the guts to play them furrballs at the nationals)

Edit3 The engine. Balanced attack can search for either General Solo, or Crix Madine. Crix Madine can search for a scout of ability <3. That is Corporal Kensaric, Wicket (aka mini-Tarkin), 9 ewok sentries, Chewbacca of Kashyyyk. Chewbacca can search for Wuta. Wuta searches for sites. You can also check your destiny with a searcher.

Edit4 About the deleted Jfunkallstar-rating. He mailed back to me, saying he was sorry for the low rating. He didn't see/get the ewok sentries. And as he said, and i agree, one of the deck's main strengths is the reacting power of the sentries. He wanted to rate the deck again with 4 1/2 stars, but the system wouldn't let him.

DECREE Decree doesn't kill me. As you can read in my tournament report, i won a game against decree. I can still drain with decree, for 3 on the back door for example. (ithorian) Civil disorder can do damage.
Against Ralops, it still depends. Against a skilled player, who exactly knows what to do, i'd say your chances are 40%.
So dont rate my deck low because you think it loses against decree or ralops, cuz in most cases, it doesnt.

I hope i have updated enough now.


Well this is it. A kickass Ewok deck. I'll explain.

Start Obvious, 5 force for me, 1 for you. I dont play yarna, because at most i will have 2-3 sentries in hand.

Characters Sentries are the @#$%, deploy as a react, move as a react. Threepio is awesome, especially with we're you looking for me?
Epp hitsquads do their thing with the high destiny. Dos for Ewokpower, and the sweet tech Crix Madine. Madine pulls chewie, chewie pulls wuta. Madine pulls Kensaric, for extra deploy. Add an hnemthe for big deploy costs.
Wicket is tarkin, graak is mosep, Kazak is the drainenhancer.

Interrupts
Great recyclable interrupts and 3 of the important ones, so you'll get them fast.

Effects
These are carefully chosen and add a finishing touch. Civil disorder is kickass damage, mechanical failure; cuz they think they are safe and uncontrollable fury for the damage, but more for the not-cancelling of destiny.

Against

EndorOps controlling three endor sites ain't so hard, invading the bunker is even easiers. Just remember to smile and be nice to your opponent whil wrecking him.

Musicians Still undefeated against it, even against its creator. Outdrain and outbattle them. Attrition works miracles against it.

Scum Outdrain. Civil disorder.

Raltiir this is harder. As you can read in my report, this depends on the player who is playing raltiirr and your draw. But it can win.

Hunt down Again, outdrain him and against high destiny, be carefull to get high powered characters to drain, for counter assault.

Third/Fifth marker/Mains Outdrain and outbattle them.


In practice this deck has proven to be both fun and good. Try it and if you have any questions Email me.

Maarten       '