---
layout: post
author: ! Danny "Skuff D" Rider
title: ! "Slayn  Korpil and What"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-03-14
description: ! "This deck is a revamped HB designed to deal with any DS starships the old fashioned way...hitting them."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (9)
Rendezvous Point
Roche x2
Chandrilla
Kiffex
Kessel
Coruscant
Bothuwaii
Yavin 4

Characters 6
TK-422
Boushh
Wedge Antilles
R2-D2
Lt. Tarn Mison
Elhyk Rue

Starships (16)
B-wing x7
Gold Squadron y-wing x3
Lando in Falcon
Red Leader in red 1
Gold Leader in gold 1
Spiral
Tantive IV
Red 7

Effects (7)
Slayn & Korpil Facilities
Yarna Del Gargan (starting)
Traffic Control
Eject Eject
S-Foils
Rebel Fleet
Weapon Display

Weapons (6)
Proton Torpedoes x3
Intruder Missle x3

Interrupts (15)
Signal x3
Hyper escape x2
Power Pivot x2
Combined Attack x2
Direct Asault
Star Destroyer
Stay Sharp
Transmission Terminated
It Could Be worse
All Wings Report in

Obj
Hidden Base

'

Strategy: '

In the viewing of many hidden base decks i came to a conclusion. While the X-wing swarm is a powerful tool, it must have destiny to kill key cards like Boba in Slave 1 and Zuckuss in Mist Hunter, should the opponent have Security Precautions out. Also a simple deployment of the Executor to a 'occupation' system and a quick probe protects the DS player from any attempt to stop the force loss.
     That is why this deck's primary focus is on weapons. You can hit anything with this deck (given the combined attack, even the executor is missle fodder) Along with S-foils, and b-wings who already add 1 to each weapon draw you can make space dust of anything. Along with power pivot, any starship loaded with forfiet fodder that's been hit can simply be lost. Direct assault gets rid of a ships immunity should you somehow not have weapons on the table.
Slayn and Korpil allows for the deployment of weapons from the reserve deck and anytime you hit a ship, you get back force. Along with Weapon display you can make sure all weapons stay out of the lost pile.
The spies follow the basic HB format of blocking drains which should give you a boost in the drain race that will eventually take place.
The destiny is almost all 3 and above so Eject Eject shouldn't be difficult pulling off and the 2 extra pilots serve purposes of power, drain bonus' and Tarn Mison's specialty is making any targeted ships passengers and pilots forfiet=0.
The power is sure to kill a player if they don't play security precautions as well.
Hidden base is nothing new and certainly hitting cards is not ground breaking but b-wings and weaponry cards may have an opponent thinking twice about deploying to a system where you have an armed starship. '