---
layout: post
author: Alex "george3785" George
title: 'The Swarm'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-14
description: 'An x-wing swarm for the post DS2 environment. It works very well.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting (7)
Hidden Base
Hidden base Modifier (pick one of the systems below)
HFTMF
Your Insight Serves you well
Superficial Damage
First Strike
Rendezvous point

Systems (7)
Coruscant
Kessel
Roche
Endor
Aquaris
Corulag
Ralltiir

Characters(7)
Luke Skywalker, JN
Boushh
TK-422
Lieutenant Blount
Tychu Celchu
Colonel Cracken
R2-D2

Starhips (13)
Red Leader in Red 1
X-Wing x12

Weapons (7)
X-Wing Laser Cannon x7

Effects (9)
HOTJedi
Undercover x3
S-Foils
Anger, Fear, Aggression x2
Projection of a Skywalker x2

Interrupts (8)
All Wings Report In x2
The Signal
Organized Attack x3
Out of Nowhere
Slight Weapons Malfuntion

Admirals Orders (2)
Concentrate all Fire x2 

Strategy: 

@@@@@@@@@ PLEASE READ @@@@@@@@@
First I don’t want you to review this bad because it is like other x-wing decks. This is my version and it is working well for me. Decktech is so people can know how good their decks are, not to know that it is a very common decktype and has already been done. In my area I am one of the only people that plays Hidden Base, as well as X-Wings. So please don’t review bad because of unoriginality, becuase it is original where I play.

Now on to the strategy:
First off this deck is very solid and has a good shot of winning against most decks. There are very few flaws in it and I would appreciate it if you would point anything that you see wrong, out to me.

On the first turn, You want to deploy any systems from your hand, and go and get Endor. You also want to deploy and X-Wings you get to R. Point for free. If you get an A,F,A in your opening hand deploy it in your opponents deck. Move all the X-Wings for free over to Endor and then draw your remainging cards. On your second turn you want to get out a system, I like Roche, and deploy any other X-Wings that you drew to R. Point. If you can get out RLIR1 and S-Foils for added power. If you have any cannons, those would be good to, as well as the admirals order. After the first few turns, you just follow the same steps, until you get out all of your systems. after they are all out, you should have about 8 X-Wings out, and maybe 4 will have cannons. You want to build up a force at Coruscant and Kessel. If they are not playing any space and you are sure of it then you can spread out. But most DS decks use atleast a little space, so i would not recomend it. You should just keep at this until the end of the game, while using AFA and retrieving once with All Wings, until they are out of force. This deck provides a whole lot of power, and there are easy ways to get 30 or more power out of 4 X-Wings. The cannons are also a help, because you can probably take out atlease one of their ships before they can even battle.

Why I Use Certain Cards:
Draw Their Fire: This card is a very valuable card. I am now thinking that i am going to take it our though, because of AFA, they are going to be starting the battles. But if now you can surprise them with a battle and retrieve a force.

Superficial Damage: This Card is amazing. I have a lot of weapons in here so it can be very helpful when they come down with a big beatdown or have a hig destiny.

R2-D2: I use R2 as a Spy, and because it has a very good destiny. It is also a good spy, because if you dont have an undercover, you can deploy it and not worry about being beatdown.

Anger, Fear, Aggresion: This is a great card. They are not going to want to battle you, because of your great power. And if they do you will destroy them.

Out of Nowhere: This is a great card for two reasons. It adds a destiny!!!!(DUH) and it is a recyclable destiny 5!!!!

Slight weapons Malfunction: Same applies as above. another great card.

Concentrate all fire: This is amazing with Xwing Cannons. If you miss for some reason, just retry and you will probably hit them the second time.

Why I dont use certain cards:
Yarna dal gargan: I dont use this because Monnok is almost absolete in my area. no one, and i repeat NO ONE USES MONNOK. I am the only one and it really helps me out, so i dont need Yarna.

More Xwings: This number has seemed rather good, and i have not seen a problem with it.

SAC or protection: I dont use this because i dont have any characters that can sit arounnd and cancel things. Again no one uses this in my area, for some stupid reason, and i dont need the protection, so dont say that i do.

Now onto the matchups:
Huntdown: This will be a tough game. Huntdown is very strong and may be able to beat this. But if you play smart you could pull out a win. You will just want to follow your strategy and not deploy luke. just hope that they cannot occupy 3 battlegounds.

BHBM: YOU WILL WIN AGAINST THIS DECK, unless they play all space. There is almost nothing they can do against it, and I know because I play BHBM, so dont think i am dissing the Objective. (please see The Dark Apocalypse) Just set up in space and drain them. If they battle you just get them out of space and they will be done for the game.

Ties: Ties are very good, but against this deck i think I could win. most ties dont have hyperspeed and they will get destroyed by my cannons. this will be a very interactive game, so dont spread your forces. this will be rather tough.

That is pretty much it. those are mainly all the decks i play against now a days. I hope you like it and please give me any suggestions on how to make it better.

Thanks
AL 