---
layout: post
author: ! Alex "cmykjr" Warshow
title: ! "Mains workin  like a good team should"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-03-13
description: ! 'Profit deck that allows your characters to spread out on Tatooine due to the many battle avoiding cards then battles and unleashes mass amounts of destiny with teamwork cards.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(6)
You can profit.../Or be Destroyed
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Han Solo
The signal
Goo Nee Tay

Locations(5)
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Kessel

Characters(14)
Han with Heavy Blaster Pistol
Luke with Lightsaber
Master Luke
Ben Kenobi
Obi Wan with Lightsaber
Lando with Blaster Pistol x2
Leia with Blaster Rifle x2
Artoo
Chewbacca with Blaster Rifle
R-3P0
See-Threepio
Tawss Khaa

Starships(4)
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Spiral
Tantive IV

Interrupts(21)
Gift of the Mentor
Skywalkers
Don't get Cocky
I Know
Protector
Rug Hug
Life Debt
Houjix
Sense
Blaster Deflection
Transmission Terminated
Dodge
Fallen Portal
Rebel Barrier
Sorry about the mess
The Force is Strong with this one
Alter
Grimtaash
It's a Trap
Glancing Blow
Courage of a Skywalker

Effects(8)
Lightsaber Proficiency
Meditation
Undercover
Traffic Control
Uncontrollable Fury
Bacta Tank
Eject Eject
A Gift

Weaopons(2)
Obi Wan's Lightsaber
Anakin's Lightsaber
'

Strategy: '

The main focus of this deck is obviously to free han and then control Tatooine. Once Han is freed spread you characters out and drain your opponent heavily. If they attempt to deploy something you should be able to handle it but if you can't use It's a trap, rebel barrier, fallen portal,dodge and blaster deflection to even the odds. I almost always play the same strategy and just ignore what my opponent is doing because this deck can beat almost anything in terms of draining and considering the objective makes them lose even more force they don't have much of a chance unless they come to you. I'm pretty sure I got all the teamwork cards in here, not only do these cause massive damage to your opponent but also have the nice side effect of stacking a few 5 destinies into the deck.

here are a couple specific card strategies

I know you think im crazy for actually playing see-threepio in this deck but he actually serves many purposes. When he's with chewbacca he adds a desitiny (or, rather chewie does but theres still a destiny being added)and when he's with artoo or R-3P0 in a battle he'll be adding another destiny plus subtracting one from all of your opponents draws if with Artoo. And last but not least he can be targeted by A Gift which is a serious weapon against many decks.

R-3P0's purpose is pretty obvious especially against ISB decks where he can cause massive force lossage. And now with the creation of Mara Jade he can be a good annoyance to almost any DS deck. Finally, he is yet another target for A Gift which is always good.

Artoos main job here is to be targeted by a gift or to go in undercover and prevent some drains. He can be replaced by Momaw Nadon if you feel trans terminated is not enough visage protection.

In response to the reviewer who asks why I only play one of each main and 2 lando and leia, i DO play 2 versions of all other mains, except i feel that 2 versions are better for some others and the only cards worthy of play are Leia epp and lando ecc. And as for the one who says i will never get the interrupts i need, i have played this deck many many times and i always have what i need when the situation comes up.

Thanks for reading the deck, hope you liked it.  '