---
layout: post
author: ! Nick "JediBrain" Stefanko
title: ! "Ewok Agents and Jedi Protectors"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-30
description: ! 'This is the 2nd version of my Unlikely Court Members deck, retitled and better equipped.The deck now works faster, better, and causes much more damage.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'LOCATIONS
Endor Back Door
Endor Dense Forest
Endor Hidden Forest Trail
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Endor Rebel Landing Site (Forest)
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine Hutt Trade Route (Desert)

CHARACTERS
Daughter Of Skywalker
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Ewok Spearman (x10)
Figrin D’an
Graak (x3)
Ithorian (x3)
Kazak (x2)
Tessek (x2)
Artoo
Threepio

WEAPON
Anakin’s Lightsaber

OBJECTIVE
Agents In The Court/No Love For The Empire

EFFECTS
A Gift
Bargaining Table
Bo Shuda
Do, Or Do Not
Insurrection
Order To Engage
Seeking An Audience
Traffic Control
Uh-oh

INTERRUPTS
Endor Celebration
Ewok Rescue (x2)
Fallen Portal
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Houjix
Lost In The Wilderness (x2)
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes (x3)
Out Of Commission (x2)
Sound The Attack (x2)
The Signal '

Strategy: '

***UPDATE***
Seeking An Audience has been removed from the deck.  Since the style of the deck is to draw for cards you need, SAA is just a waste to pull 2 cards that aren’t central to the deck.
In it’s place, I have put in a Beggar.  This will hopefully save me from large beatdowns, spoil my opponent’s plans, and speed up my setup.


Starting stuff
Agents In The Court/NLFTE (show Graak as Rep), Tatooine Hutt Trade Route, Jabbas Palace Audience Chamber, Heading For The Medical Frigate for Do, Or Do Not, Insurrection, and Uh-oh

Object of deck
1st turn, pull Bo Shuda and Endor Landing Platform.  Deploy an Ithorian and 2 Ewoks at each site you can; at others, a few Ewoks.  Use Ewok Rescue, Sound The Attack, and Fallen Portal to aid in your defense.  With the Ithorians, Kazak, and Tessek out, youll be able to drain for at least 4 at every Endor site.
Use Seeking An Audience to pull Artoo for A Gift, and to pull Threepio out for battle (since he forfeits to Used, he can come back almost every turn).  Anakins Lightsaber is great for use in defending Endor and enhancing drains, or giving to Jedi Luke for some off-Endor battling.
Bo Shuda and Order To Engage should keep the Audience Chamber clear (unless opponent wants to lose 3 per turn).  Bubo hurts, but not all that much.  Tessek is nice to have, but is not a cornerstone of the deck.
With all your modifiers and ability to pound any DS forces coming to the Forest Moon, you should be able to win the drain race.  '