---
layout: post
author: ! Derek "UnknownGlyph" Tessier
title: ! "If The Imperials Ran Yavin IV"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-16
description: ! "Play Imperial Occupation and Rebel Base Occupation."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (11)
Coruscant
Dagobah Cave
Desert
Forest
Hoth Ice Plains
Hoth Wampa Cave
Jungle
Swamp
Yavin 4
Yavin 4 Docking Bay
Yavin 4 Jungle

Characters (15)
Admiral Motti
AT-ST Pilot  x3
Commander Igar
Darth Vader With Lightsaber  x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
General Veers
Grand Moff Tarkin  x2
Lieutenant Commander Ardan
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand	x2
U-3PO (Yoo-Threepio)

Vehicles (5)
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 4
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6

Starships (6)
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Executor
IG-88 in IG-2000
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts (7)
Boring Conversation Anyway
Endor Occupation
Scruffy-Looking Nerf Herder
Shocking Revelation
Surface Defense
Twi'lek Advisor  x2

Effects (15)
Come Here You Big Coward
First Strike
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Organa's Ceremonial Necklace
Presence Of The Force  x2
Reactor Terminal
Rebel Base Occupation  x2
Resistance
Secret Plans
There Is No Try
There'll Be Hell To Pay  x2

Objective (1)
Imperial Occupation/Imperial Control  '

Strategy: '

***UMMM SWITCH A THERE'LL BE HELL TO PAY FOR A TRAMPLE.***


Well, I was looking through the binder and saw Rebel base occupation.  Decided it was time I used that card.


Ok basic start is the objective targeting yavin 4.  The LS will think somethings up just with that odd start.  Starting interrupt is Surface Defense and pull all the effects ( Resistance, Secret Plans and There Is No Try )

Basically the objective allows you to pull all the generic sites out so you can quickly set up for occupying.  The 2/0 sites are for extra force generation.

Now the drains aren't gross in here but if you get organa's necklace out cool, makes the drains bigger if not no biggy 'cause occupation should have them hurting pretty good.

Boring Conversation and Scruffy Looking Nerf Herder are in there to cancel the big destiny adders of the LS.

This deck only has restistance for numbers defense.  Mainly because it's not big in my area but you can easily substitute a torture in.

Now for against HB keep the ships together and you'll go far.

Profit deck.  If you need to deploy to him for beatdown.  Otherwise you should be able to do more to him than he to you.  Also endor occupation shuts down his tatooine celebration.

VS other objective decks just smart playing is called for.  If you stick to your game plan you should do good.

Against the EPP beat down just try to keep your power stacked if you fear it.  If it's really popular in your area put in wounded wookiee or 2.

I haven't play tested this deck too much because I haven't had much chance so i'm posting it here for suggestions.

Thanks for taking a look.

Glyph  '