---
layout: post
author: Clint "GameMaster" Hays
title: 'Steven Lewis is a Genius(worlds deck)'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-17
description: ! 'this deck went 5-1 at worlds losing only to rapheal asselin.  if we played the game over i think the outcome would be different.This isnt the exact version I played on either day of worlds but its probably the optimum version.  Thanks go to Steven Lew'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objectives(1)
Raltiir Operations/In The Hands Of The Empire

Locations(9)

Raltiir
Carida
Death Star II Docking Bay
Spaceport Docking Bay
Spaceport Prefects Office
Forest
Swamp
Desert
Jungle

Characters(17)

Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Lord Vader
Emperor Palpatine
Janus Greejatus
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Sergeant Barich
Corporal Drelosyn
Sergeant Irol
Corporal Elsek
Corporal Misik
Biker Scout Trooper x 7

Weapons(2)

Vader’s Lightsaber
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

Starships(5)

Executor
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Emperor’s Personal Shuttle

Vehicles(6)

Speeder Bike x 6

Interrupts(6)

Twi’lek Advisor
Prepared Defenses
High Speed Tactics x 2
Imperial Barrier
Projective Telepathy

Effects(14)

Presence Of The Force x 2
Overseeing It Personally
Imperial Decree
Search And Destroy
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
There Is No Try
Security Precautions
Crossfire
Relentless Tracking
Royal Escort
3720 to 1
Ability, Ability, Ability

'

Strategy: '

How bout I tell you what some of these cards are doing.  

Against most decks you will start IAO, mob. pts, and tint.  In fact...I cant think of a deck where you wouldnt. 

Crossfire lets you beat speeders.  They dont work too well without the bonus from flaps.

Relentless tracking is a great card.  If they put an undercover spy down to block your drain of 2 or 3 they are gonna lose 3 anyway.  Also, if they are trying to get you with order to engage...just drop this on one of their big characters and they’re losing too.  You can certainly handle that.  Also works to get rid of a guy you dont like.  Most people will battle and lose the guy with RT on him.  

Projective telepathy is absolutely great.  People dont expect it so you can stop battles if you need to.  Or you can use it to get around order to engage.

High speed tactics is huge.  Even if they stop your reacts you can still get a destiny.  Not only that but you can use it to surprise the opponent if they come to the death star docking bay early.  You can also use it like a tallon roll against speeders.  Wait til after they battle.  

the 6 sites is huge.  I was adding 7 to total destiny against john arendt on day 2 and i was gonna drain steve brentson for 15 the turn after the game ended.


Against every deck...

Get Carida first turn and deploy.  If you drew a biker scout trooper(which you should) deploy it to the ds2db and get a bike. also get a raltiir location.  2nd turn you’re activating 8 minimum if they dont have anything for your biker at the docking bay.

If you draw a 3 imperials or a location and 2 imperials in your opening hand you will flip 2nd turn unless they went to raltiir.  the deck flips 2nd turn 75% of the time.  

2nd turn get the docking bay and another raltiir site and flip if you think its safe.  or you can always get a non-unique imp and a bike to sit at the docking bay for even more force.

If they come to the ds2db for the beat down dont deploy the spaceport docking bay.  obi and friends dont like draining for 0 at a site they cant move away from.  

set up the emperor with overseeing it and watch the opponent life force dwindle.


How to beat certain decks.


Hidden Base(space)
let search and destroy do its thing.  set up drains quick.  if they flip put out search and destroy and find the executor.  you can also use emperor on his shuttle.  avoid probing the base as long as possible.  probe near the end of the game and let sec prec do its thing.  avoid the beatdown

Profit
set up drains quickly.  find decree if they are using sabers for bonuses.  go to tatooine if you need to and feel its safe.  relentless tracking will probably help in this game.  biker scout combos are good.  odds will help.

Yavin 4
tint will hit them pretty good.  if they come to the ds2db try to trap them.  once you flip you really shouldnt have much trouble with yavin.  just battle them.  you should be getting enough force to hang in at the beginning of the game.  once you establish yourself they cant really hurt you too much.  odds could be very helpful

Hidden Base(mains)
play it the same way as yavin.  you almost always wanna search for high speed tactics the first turn after you flip against mains decks(if you dont already have one in hand).  odds will help.

There Is Good In Him
put the damn imp down and cut his activation.  flip 2nd turn and then search for vader.  watch the opponent cry as you set up a drain of 12ish.  

Speeders
Get crossfire.  High speed tactics cycling will knock them down to nothing.  Game shouldnt be too much of a problem.  

MWYHL(canadian style)
this is probably the toughest game.  if they start battle plan try to find the executor and barich.  they will go to carida when its safe along with some other ships to soak up the first falcon hit.  use projective to help with order to engage.  you might need to setup a presence of the force on raltiir so that you can run back and forth to carida and still drain the entire time. 

MWYHL(mains)
see the stuff about hidden base mains above

that’s about it.  you shouldnt have much trouble with anything else.  


hope it works as well for you(for the next couple weeks) as it did for me
'