---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "faramir" Dalton
title: ! "High Destiny Docking Bay Hunt Down"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-22
description: ! "Hunt Down deck using IAO to get out docking bays for battleground sites.	Lots of high destiny to duel and battle with."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'
Epic Events (1)
Epic Duel

Starships (3)
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Characters (12)
Darth Vader With Lightsaber  x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith  x3
Dengar with Blaster Carbine
Dr. Evazan
IG-88 With Riot Gun  x2
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand	x3

Weapons (4)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber  x2
Vader's Lightsaber  x2

Effects (11)
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward
Crush The Rebellion
Imperial Arrest Order
Reactor Terminal
Search And Destroy
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay
Visage Of The Emperor  x3

Interrupts (23)
Counter Assault  x2
Evader	x2
Focused Attack
Imperial Barrier
Masterful Move	x2
Monnok	x2
Shocking Revelation
Sniper	x2
The Circle Is Now Complete
Torture  x2
Twi'lek Advisor  x3
Unexpected Interruption
Vader's Obsession
You Are Beaten	x2

Locations (5)
Cloud City East Platform (Docking Bay)
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Executor Docking Bay
Executor Holotheatre
Executor Meditation Chamber

Objective (1)
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe
'

Strategy: '

Some comments on the reviews  The amount of force I get is enough.  I rarely deploy all that much, it's not like Vader is dying all that often.	More duel cards?  Why?	Dueling early is a good way to lose a game, I refuse to do it.	I'd much rather play the game out and try to out play my opponent than get lucky w/ an early duel.  I duel later in the game, w/ either stacked destinies or knowledge that they aren't playing duel protection.

This is a fun little Hunt Down deck.  I've been playing something like this for a while but this deck takes it to new extremes.  Strategy is to start out w/ Imperial Arrest Order, w/ that you can get all of your sites out of your deck (although the 2nd battleground Docking Bay isn't needed).	Get Vader out early to drain and let Visage do it's damage.  Here's what you do against specific decks

LS Operatives	This is the biggest change in strategy.  You need to start Battle Order against them, don't worry about your Docking Bays so much.  Try to drain at their Farm.  Put Mara and Vader together and try to outdrain them.  Counter Assault if they group a bunch of Speeders together (or they're silly enough to play LS Ops w/out Speeders).  They should only get like 10 force or so, enough to drain for only 6, you drain for some and let Visage do the rest.

Throne Room Mains If they play Revo then you need to fetch Crush quick.  Otherwise you drop Vader at a Docking Bay quick, you can put some pressure on w/ Mara at their Throne Room.  She's safe from Luke or Obi there cause it's not a battleground.  Get out Crush eventually to protect from a beatdown and try to get You Are Beaten in hand to help if they come battle.  Duel if you can, or if it looks like you are gonna lose just duel, it might turn the game in your favor.

Hidden Base  Setup Mara and Vader each at a Docking Bay w/ Sabers and get Search and Destroy out.  Visage and S&D is plenty of damage.  Draw early for your ships cause after they flip it'll be tough to draw for them (paying 1 to draw 1).  Go probe as needed.

Profit Drop Mara on them and move her to TatJP to drain quick.  Let them free Han if they want and kill him w/ a Sniper, or capture w/ IG-88 or something.  I prolly wouldn't deploy another alien for fear of Clash early on.  Dengar and Dr. E are better saved for later anyway.

That's it.  Fun deck, and pretty effective.  Might wanna add another ship if 3 doesn't seem like enough.  Maybe a Ghhhk if you're afrad of battle damage.  Enjoy - Mike.  '