---
layout: post
author: Daniel "Corp. Drazin" Nelson
title: 'This Is Too Easy'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-21
description: ! 'This deck uses alot of mains to get control of CC quikly. Then you deploy Dark Deal and kick butt'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations(8)
Bespin
Bespin Cloud City
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City Downtown Plaza x2
Cloud City Security Tower
Cloud City Port Town District
Cloud City Casino

Characters(25)
DVDLOTS
Darth Vader with Lightsaber
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand x2
Jabba x2
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle x2
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle x2
Captain Bewil
IG-88 with Concussion Rifle
Jodo Kast
Bane Malar
Admiral Ozzel
Ugnaught x6
Admiral Motti
Lt. Comm. Ardan

Starships(12)
Exacutor
Dreadnuaght-Class Heavy Cruiser x4
OS-72-1 in Obsidian 1
OS-72-2 in Obsidian 2
Obsidian 7
Obsidian 8
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Dengar in Punishing One
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts(8)
Dark Jedi Presence x2
Imperial Barrier x2
Hutt Smooch x2
Any Methods Necassary
Abyssin Ornament

Effects(6)
Dark Deal x2
Cloud City Occupation
Secret Plans
All Too Easy x2

Objective(1)
This Deal Is Getting Worse All The Time/Pray I Don't Alter It Any Further '

Strategy: '

CRUD There's something messed up with the deck poster. There isn't an Abyssin Ornament, and there's only 5 Ugs. Vader's Lightsaber and Mara's Lightsaber are in. The Casino is West Gallery. Alright. I'll start off by describing a main thing character deployment across CC.

Using Carbon Chamber as your starter, deploy Darth(with saber), Mara(with saber), and Tarkin there(and and Ugn. for good measure). If your opponent battles u there, u can play Jedi Prescence, and kick their butt. Play All Too Easy on whomever u hit, and opponent loses 8 force.

Having 2 Downtown Plazas in, I deploy Jabba, Fett, 4-LOM and an imperial there(and and Ug. for good measure), and u have another locked down site.

Deploy the rest of the characters to Port Town District/West Gallery. Being the weakest site, u might need to send Mara, 4-Lom, or Boba for protection.

The interrupts are self-explanatory they provide protection against undercover spies, an attempt to cancel DD, oh, and the starter.

Ditto for the effects.

Using the objective, u should be able to get DD deployed FAIRLY early, meanwhile u could work with Occupation to keep your opponent OCCUPIED(]).

I know a main problem with the deck would be destiny, but with the Ugs, i should be ok, considering i flip the Obj.

Oh, and the starting stuff is AMN, Boba, ECC Obj., Secret Plans, and Carbon Chamber.	    '