---
layout: post
author: ! Karl "Faust" Schultz
title: ! "Hunt Down With Sense v. 1.5"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-06-20
description: ! 'Hunt Down deck w/ Sense to cancel anti dueling cards.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(5)
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi
Executor Meditation Chamber
Executor Holotheatre
Visage Of The Emperor
Epic Duel

Locations(6)
Death Star
Kashyyyk
Cloud City Upper Plaza Corridor
Cloud City West Gallery
Cloud City Lower Corridor
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber

Characters(12)
Mara Jade
Darth Vader x3
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x2
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Dr. Evazan
IG-88 With Riot Gun
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle

Starships(4)
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Interrupts(17)
Evader
This Is Some Rescue
I Have You Now x2
Torture
Twi'lek Advisor x4
Sense x3
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
Elis Herlot x2
Unexpected Interruption
Jabba's Through With You

Effects(11)
Resistance
Visage Of The Emperor
Search And Destroy
Security Precautions
Crush The Rebellion
Lateral Damage
Oppressive Enforcement
Secret Plans
Reactor Terminal
A Bright Center To The Universe
There'll Be Hell To Pay

Weapons(3)
Vader's Lightsaber x2
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Devices(2)
Restraining Bolt x2
'

Strategy: '



Ok, well get Vader down as quickly as possible. Begin draining, and battling. Your high destinies should be able to overpower your opponent.  I guess I'll go ahead and go into spec. on certain decks

Speeders
I'm using only interior sites, to protect myself.  Be sure to drain in space.

Numbers
1 Torture, plus Resistance should be enough.

Profit
Start Mara Jade and Dr. E. Get Mara's saber down first turn, and you should be able to make them lose one of their characters immediately, (Dr. E operates). Just battle continually, and make sure you have the drain of 2 up in space at Kashyyyk. Destiny, will be the dirfference in a win, or loss.

Ops
Get ABCTTU out ASAP. Beat down, with your characters.

Revo
Well I've never seen a Revo deck, where I play, but just in case I've packed one Evader. That should be plenty, with Crush The Rebellion.

Rescue The Princess
Stop the droid with Restraining Bolt, cancel Cell 2187, with This Is Some Rescue  Not many RTP decks are using I'm Here to.... because they can have their spy captured.  By then, you'll have the objective, flipped, and can move to the Death Star, to just protect the flip of RTP.  If they do get it flipped, drain in space, and dont be afraid to battle.  You can also use Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down to cancel their key game plan...retreiving with Death Star Plans.

Massassi Base Ops
Dont help them out, by deploying Death Star.  Once they've flipped beat down on Yavin.  Use your starships to your advantage...not theirs...

After reading this strategy, you've probably realized that this is a defensive hunt Down deck.


Well, I guess that's it. Thanks for reading
'