---
layout: post
author: Sean "Kyle Katarn" Luhks
title: 'Attrition'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-03
description: 'This is my first rendition of a Bring Him Before Me deck.	It uses multiple destiny draws to stack cards on Insignificant Rebellion.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective (1):
Bring Him Before Me / Take Your Father's Place

Locations (6):
Cloud City: East Platform
Death Star II: Docking Bay
Death Star II: Throne Room
Endor: Landing Platform
Spaceport Docking Bay
Yavin 4: Docking Bay

Characters (14):
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Colonel Jendon
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Commander Igar
Darth Vader x3
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
DS-61-2
Emperor Palpatine
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Jabba The Hutt
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand x2

Weapons (2):
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber

Vehicles (2):
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2

Starships (5):
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Devastator
Flagship Executor
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Effects (13):
Battle Order
Crush The Rebellion
Emperor's Power
First Strike
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Insignificant Rebellion
Lateral Damage
Mobilization Points
Search And Destroy
Secret Plans
You Cannot Hide Forever
Your Destiny
					Interrupts (18):
Alter x3
I Have You Now x3
Jabba's Through With You
Prepared Defenses
Sense x4
The Circle Is Now Complete
Trample
Twi'lek Advisor x2
You Are Beaten x2

Strategy: 

To start, play Prepared Defenses to deploy Imperial Arrest Order, Crush The Rebellion, and Mobilization Points at the start of the game.  On your first turn, deploy the Death Star II: Docking Bay from your Reserve Deck with Arrest Order, and deploy the Emperor there for a quick 7 Force activation on your second turn.  You can also take The Emperor's Power and an I Have You Now from your Reserve Deck.  Continue to deploy your docking bays with Imperial Arrest Order so that your characters can easily move to any planet on which your opponent intends to drain.
Deploy Vader, Mara, (preferrably with lightsabers) and your walkers to control three battleground sites to get by Honor Of The Jedi.  With the direct damage from Your Destiny and Search And Destroy, you can put serious pressure on the opponent.  Jabba and his bounty hunters in this deck are extremely important, adding battle destinies in space and on the ground.  The downloadable Executor and Lateral Damage are awesome for quick victories in space.  The general strategy is to win as many battles as possible and eliminate as many of the opponent's cards from the table as possible.  The flip side of the objective is merely a bonus.