---
layout: post
author: ! Cat "CatLoneRogue" Ceder
title: ! "This Deal Is Getting Worse In The Clouds"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-17
description: ! 'This is a standard TDIGWATT/PIDAIAF but it’s mainly around Clouds and Merc. Pilots'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'-Starting-
This Deal Is Getting Worse All The Time/Pray I Don’t Alter It Any Further
Secret Plans
Cloud City Upper Walkway
Prepared Defense
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
Crush The Rebellion

-Sites-
Cloud City East Platform
Cloud City Incinerator
Cloud City Casino
Cloud City Prison
Cloud City Port Town District
Clouds x2
Bespin
Bespin Cloud City

-Characters-
Darth Vader W/Lightsaber x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Mara Jade x2
Emperor Palpatine x2
Janus Greejatus x2
Sim Aloo
The Mighty Jabba
Lobot
Lando Calrissian
Mercenary Pilot x7
4-LOM W/Concussion Rifle
IG-88 W/Riot Gun
General Veers

-Ships/Vehicles-
Executor
Boba Fett In Slave One
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Dengar In Punishing One
Cloud Cars x4
Blizzard 2
Racing Skiff x2

-Interrupts/Effects-
Dark Deal
Cloud City Occupation
Sabbac x2
Imperial Barrier x2
Abyssin Ornament x2
Force Lightning '

Strategy: '

Your looking at this deck and thinking what a piece of crap, well it may not look like much but it’s got it where it counts...In the Destiny. You’ll notice that most of the locations are exterior for my Walker (yes only one) and my Skiffs (for the Mercs.) the two interior sites are were Janus and the Emperor sit. (Usually in the Incinerator - that way if I loose 4-LOM or IGGY I can retrieve them) and the Walker is ofcourse for Lando and Lobot, of which where Vader w/stick and Tarkin sit.
Most of the other sites are set up for this or that to get people to where I want them.

First things first - get the Executor

The activation in this deck is key, when you look for your stuff first get the Dark Deal, then The sites, then Cloud City Occ. after which you start your set up in one swift turn, this is where most people make the mistake and start out setting up slower than normal and don’t get enough going for them and thus loose the game. Well when you plop it all down at one time you get a better advantage...Not to mention better potential for beat downs... (of course there are exceptions...getting out the Emp. and Janus first turn are key to anywhere - gotta love that Force Lightning/Emperor/Janus tech)

Once you start your set up get your Mercs. to the Clouds and on the Skiffs and get the attrition of 3 @ all the exterior sites where you have a Merc on a Skiff and another for the one in the clouds..... Mmmmm good stuff.

Other than that just set up and Force Drain....Of course MWYHL/SYIC can hurt but if you flip quickly it shouldn’t be that much of a problem.

Against TIGIH - just wait for him to come to you. He’ll have a field day w/his stupid Eloms but you can beat them out w/the destinys in the deck.

Against Mains and Toys just hold yourself steady and set up the beat down as stated...and finally

against Super Falcon - can you say Dengar In Punishing One - who cares if you draw 3 destiny - I’m gonna kill everyone there cause I can draw 3 as well (of course you need Zuckuss In Mist Hunter, 4-LOM (which you can retrieve w/Incinerator) and Bossk In Hounds Tooth.

Other than that this is a great deck to play and I enjoy playing.

Thanks for reading,

Cat "The Garindan Collector" Ceder
'