---
layout: post
author: ! Robert "Djas Phur" Waygood
title: ! 'A not so quiet colony'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-02-10
description: ! 'This deck revolves around the ECC objective of Quite mining Colony/Independent Operation. There seem to be many variations on this deck. A common form is one that uses all the Cloud City sites and once flipped, uses Cloud City Celebration for force retrie'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (8)
Bespin
Bespin Cloud City
Cloud City Casino
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Cloud City Platform 327 (Docking Bay)
Clouds	x3

Characters (23)
2-1B (Too-Onebee)
Captain Han Solo  x2
Corporal Beezer
H'nemthe
Kal'Falnl C'ndros
Lando Calrissian  x2
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Luke With Lightsaber
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Pucumir Thryss
Ralltiir Freighter Captain  x6
Sic-Six
Tibanna Gas Miner  x2
Wedge Antilles
Yoxgit

Vehicles (7)
Cloud Car  x7

Starships (9)
Millennium Falcon  x2
Redemption
Spiral
Tantive IV
Z-95 Bespin Defense Fighter  x4

Interrupts (9)
Cloud City Sabacc  x4
Local Defense  x2
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes
Strangle
The Signal

Effects (3)
Bacta Tank
Bargaining Table
Maneuvering Flaps

Objective (1)
Quiet Mining Colony/Independent Operation
'

Strategy: '

I ended up settling on the deck as you see it now. As you can see it is cloud orientated, with only the minimum number of sites needed to flip. I try to flip this objective as early as possible (1st or 2nd turn should be easy) as this gives me the protection I need to hold my own against beat down.

The starting location is always the casino. Coupled with Lando and Sabacs, it is a good force retrieval method that can also hurt your opponent. Especially with the popularity of the bounty hunters in there ships, as all but Bossk in Hounds tooth are valid stakes. The starting effect can sometimes vary depending on how they start. I find I start with Maneuvering flaps the most as it allows me to do a cloud car beat down if I get challenged. Don't forget that the cloud cards are good at exterior sites as well as the cloud sectors. Bargaining table is sometimes chosen if I suspect my opponent will leave me alone and force drain.

The non-uniques have been chosen to enhance this deck. The Ralltiir freighter captains are great for piloting cloud car. The H'nemthe and Sic-six are both designed to join Lando at the casino. This stops Elis beat downs and increases the deploy of imperials.

Maintaining control of the Bespin system is one the decks major priorities as it is the easiest way for the opponent to flip it back. For this reason I have used two copies of both the Falcon and Captain Han. Coupled with the z-95 Bespin defense fighter (which is a staggering 5 power at the Bespin system) and the corvettes  they provide enough power. The redemption is in the deck so you can  recycle a high forfeit character threw the Bacta tank cheaply.
'