---
layout: post
author: ! Andy "RexBanner7" Klema
title: ! "EBO @#$%awins"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-26
description: ! 'That’s what Steve Brentson (note the subtle name dropping) called it, so that’s what I’m calling it. (Whiter Shadow my ass)'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting 4
Hoth Main Power Generators
Hoth North Ridge
The Signal
A New Secret Base

Locations 5
Hoth
Hoth Echo Command Center
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Med Lab
Kiffex

Starships 7
Home One
Independence
Liberty
Millenium Falcon x2
Spiral
Tantive IV

Characters 15
Baragwins x3
Bothan Spy
Captain Han Solo x2
Ishi Tib x3
Leia w/ Gun x2
Luke w/ Stick
Major Haash’n
Obi w/ Stick x2

Effects 8
Bacta Tank
Do Or Do Not
Echo Base Operations
Haven
Legendary Starfighter
What’re You Tryin’ to Push On Us? x2
Wise Advice

Interrupts 13
Clash of Sabers
I Know
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes x4
Punch It x2
Rebel Barrier x2
The Signal
Tunnel Vision x2

Devices 8
Bionic Hand x3
Ewok Catapult x2
Intruder Missile x3 '

Strategy: '

Ok, time for another standard round of strategy time. Why I chose some cards?

Bothan Spy Well, he’s a spy. He can be pulled with Nar Shadda, and he’s good for cancelling Visage, jumping people at docking bays, getting into the Bunker, etc, etc. Plus he’s good people

The other non uniques As anyone else will tell you, Ishi Tibs are god. They help you get the combos together, they let you fish through your whole deck, the give you protection from Monnok, etc, etc. As for the @#$%awins, come on Everyone knows what they’re for.

The Destiny 7 Green There really isn’t any rhyme or reason as to why I chose which green besides the obvious fact that they are destiny 7. The only little bit of tech I can tell you is putting an Intruder Missile on the Falcon. It’s a bluff that you have a Power Pivot in your hand, something your opponent might not risk.

Now for some FAQs (although I’m making most of them up, but you knew that)

Why only one EPP Luke?

Because I see BHBM too much. He can be pulled straight out of your deck then for a hit and run machine, or you can just give him to Vader. You’re call, but I’ve found that more than one is a wasted card slot.

Why the two grabbers?

Because I always play 2 grabbers. In this case though, I could see only using one, mainly because I’m not starting Wise Advice. So change at your discretion.

What will you do against Decree?

Well, the EPPs take out anyone on the ground, and the ships take out anyone in the air, seriously. It is that simple. If you play a lot against this walkers on Hoth junk, then add in a Mechanical Failure or an Arcona. No biggie.

Why no more locations?

Cuz that’s all you need and it’s all guaranteed. Seriously, you don’t need that much. If it bothers you that much, just add another 2/1 system, preferrably Corulag.

Well, that’s about it. Enjoy. '