---
layout: post
author: ! Chris "Wedge231" Wodicka
title: ! "Speed Profit"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-09
description: ! "Just your average deck but since I use it I want feedback on it."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective
You Can Either Profit By This/Or Be Destroyed

Locations (8)
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Home One Docking Bay
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Rendezvous Point

Characters (17)
Ben Kenobi x4
Master Luke x3
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Lando with Blaster
Melas
Tawss Khaa
Chewbacca
Han Solo
Han with Heavy Blaster Pistol
Boussh x2
Orrimaarko

Weapons (3)
Anakin’s Lightsaber
Obi-wan’s Lightsaber
Leia’s Blaster Rifle

Interrupts (23)
Narrow Escape x3
Sense x4
Alter x3
You Will Take Me To Jabba Now
Dodge x2
Lost in the Wilderness x2
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Gift of the Mentor x2
Skywalkers
Transmission Terminated
Someone Who Loves You
Courage of a Skywalker
Glancing Blow

Effects (8)
Wise Advice
Your Insight Serves You Well
Insurrection
Staging Areas
Mechanical Failure
Bacta Tank
Order to Engage
Grabber
'

Strategy: '

Okay, your basic speed profit. You want to try and flip turn 1. My location choice is for good drains and the docking bays for activation and just getting to other planets possibly. The twix places are good activation where they can’t drain me. Han Solo is in here so I can redraw any destiny I don’t like which is always cool. Boussh is for drain blocking or getting to places I normally can’t get to. Lando and Chewbacca are for added objective damage and they are aliens I can use for You Will Take Me To Jabba Now. Tawws and Melas can be used for that as well and they are good characters anyway. Orrimaarko is a good overall character and I can use Narrow Escape with him. Luke and Ben are powerful characters and they will help me flip fast and have good abilities. Sabers are for Luke/Obi and add to drains. Leia’s gun is awesome. Track a 5 and take down Mara with one shot. SAC is in here for annoying interrupts and effects and I can kill Blast Door Controls which would hurt my deck alot. Dodge is to keep IG-88 and sabers from getting Han. Narrow Escape is for running away from battles. Lost in the Wilderness is just cool to pull off on a Vader or someone. Gift of the Mentor can pull sabers or add battle destinies. Skywalkers also adds destiny and can cancel barrier. Rest of the cards are self explanatory I guess. Order to Engage will help you win alot of game, just try and keep it on the table. Might have trouble vs. heavy space where they drain for 3 at like 3 systems and vs hunt down dueler and BHBM.  '