---
layout: post
author: Derek "UnknownGlyph" Tessier
title: 'Gambling Pays Off   ver. 2'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-03
description: ! 'Ok i've been enlightened by my critics and have reorganized the deck.  I won't let go off Sabaac but i have thrown in other cards to help it out, maybe.  That's up to you to decide.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (6)
Cloud City Casino x2
Cloud City Upper Walkway
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Cloud City Port Town District
Cloud City East Platform

Characters (12)
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x2
Commander Igar x2
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Lando Calrissian x2
Lobot x2
Maja Jade, The Emperor's Hand x2
U-3PO

Creatures (2)
Sleen x2

Starships (3)
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Vehicles (2)
Tempest 1 x2

Interrupts (30)
A Real Hero x2
Cloud City Sabaac x6
Fear x5
Hutt Smooch x2
Imbalance x2
Imperial Supply x4
It's Worse x2
Trinto Duaba x2
Trooper Sabaac x5

Effects (4)
Expand The Empire
Reactor Terminal x2
Secret Plans

Objective (1)  hehe can't have 2
This Deal Is Getting Worse All The Time / Pray I Don't Alter It Any Further '

Strategy: '

Alrighty then, Objective starts it off and I pull out my casino and secret plans.  Then in a few turns I should have a couple more sites out and be ready to play sabaac from then on.  I put in power characters without the weapons because I like attrition immunity. Ok, I play sabaac, and fear the LS when I can.  Sleen hits the casino for no deploy attack tactics from the LS.  Hutt smooch gives me time to get ready for a battle.  Expand the Empire allows me to gamble at other locations other than casino if it's taken over.  All the sites are exterior so Tempest 1 can walk around and smash buildings )  It's Worse are in the deck because It Could Have Been Worse is popular in my area.  By playing Sabaac twice a turn the LS should have cards in his Used pile on my turn so then the rarely used Trinto Duaba gets used.  I take the gamble and hope I knock some of his cards out with that.  The Starships take care of the space.	Now I realize there is a deck that can beat this.  Maybe a bunch can but you gotta realize there isn't a perfect deck because the game IS balanced.  Thanks for your time and review. '