---
author: Chris "Wedge231" Wodicka
title: Dark Deal Hunt Down
side: Dark
date: 2000-03-06
description: Combines two cool strategies.
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Locations (11)
Executor: Holotheatre
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Cloud City: East Platform
Cloud City: Lower Corridor
Cloud City: Security Tower
Cloud City: Downtown Plaza
Cloud City: Port Town District
Bespin: Cloud City x3
Coruscant

Characters (17)
Darth Vader x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x2
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Mara Jade, the Emperor's Hand x2
Adrimal Ozzel
Officer Evax
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle

Starships/Vehicles (7)
OS-72-01 in Obsidian 1
OS-72-02 in Obsidian 2
Devastator
Vengeance
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Creatures (1)
Bubo

Interrupts (8)
I Have You Now x2
Masterful Move
Twi'lek Advisor x2
Evader
Holonet Transmission
You Are Beaten

Effects (13)
Imperial Arrest Order
Dark Deal
Visage of the Emperor x2
Broken Concentration
Reactor Terminal
Security Precautions
Come Here You Big Coward!
They'll Be Hell to Pay
Battle Order
Crush the Rebellion
Resistance
A Bright Center to the Universe

Weapons (2)
Vader's Lightsaber
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Objective:
Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out of the Universe	

Strategy: 

I figured to take a new perspective on my HDADTJ. Start with IAO and on first turn get out the docking bay. You can get Vader there to flip and it will help in your efforts to deploy Dark Deal. The three Cloud City's are there to help you get it quicker. There's some 2/2 Imperials in there for IAO. Dark Deal can be drawn or pulled with Twi'lek. Use the Obsidians to control he city among the clouds. The star destroyers are for power and to set up a drain at Coruscant.

Against Mains/Tosche Station: Play Security Precautions and you'll have just enough to get Vader out first turn to Tosche. Use I Have You Now and You are Beaten.

Against MWYHL: play Broken Concentration and drain alot. Drain modifiers are cancelled so this might be hard. Come Back You Big Coward! to cancel retrieval if they don't occupy two battlegrounds. Use I Have You Know or You Are Beaten on mains.

Against Hidden Base: Start Resistance. Use ships to probe. Zuckuss will protects your ships from attrition. Fett is a flying fortress. Try to get your Security Precautions out early.

Against ops: Use Bubo to beatdown on the planet's ops. Battle Order will stop early drains. You will still have big drains even with that -1 modifier. ABC will stop them for awhile. With a star destroyer at Coruscant it will be hard for them to cancel.

Anything else: Start Security Precautions and try to flip early.

Against Odds: Use Resistance and beatdown.   