---
layout: post
author: ! Carson "tarkinsaide" Swanek
title: ! 'Rebel Strike Team - MWYHL style'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-22
description: ! 'The original MWYHL scout deck.  Remember, you saw it here first.  READ THE STRATEGY'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting6
Mind What You Have Learned/ Save It You Can
Dagobah
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Strike Planning
Insurrection
Squadron Assignments

Locations9
Dagobah Yodas Hut
Dagobah Training Area
Dagobah Bog Clearing
Endor
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Endor Rebel Landing Site (Forest)
Endor Back Door
Rondezvous Point
Aquaris

Characters28
General Calrissian
Daughter Of Skywalker
Tawss Khaa
Yoda
General Crix Madine
Tycho Celchu
Corporal Midge
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk
Wuta
Major Panno
Ithorian x2
Corporal Beezer
Admiral Ackbar
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Lieutenant Greeve
General Solo
Jeroen Webb
Corporal Delevar
Sergeant Junkin
Luke w/ Lightsaber
Lieutenant Page
Obi-Wan w/ Lightsaber
Orrimaarko
Sergeant Brooks Carlson
Corporal Janse
Kin Kian

Starships6
Red Squadron 1
Green Squadron 3
Tantive IV
Gold Squadron 1
Grey Squadron 1
Home One

Effects4
Whatre You Tryin To Push On Us?
Traffic Control
Stone Pile
Meditation

Interrupts4
Punch It
Noble Sacrifice
Take The Initiative
Insertion Planning

Devices1
Lukes Backpack

Jedi Tests 2
Great Warrior
A Jedis Strength

Admirals Orders 1
Capital Support '

Strategy: '

Okay, this is my original deck idea, so remember you saw it here first.  Heres the deal  The first couple of turns, you test and it looks like a MWYHL super-falcon deck or something.  After testing to 1, start setting up your scouts (if you have enough scouts).  On your first turn, pull the endor docking bay with insurrection.  When youre ready to go battle-happy, put down Madine, use him to pull Chewie, and use him to pull Wuta.	Wuta will get sites and activation for you.  Panno helps with the activation, too.  Use Kin Kian and Midge to boost drains in the sky and the ground.  This deck flat-out outpowers almost all other ground decks, so dont be intimidated.  On to the strategies

vs. BHBM  Give them Luke when they get out Vader.  Try not to lose battles, as if you do, you will lose.  Tough game.	Meditation on Obi-wan will help if you try to fight vader, or the emperor.  Just give em hell.

vs. Hunt Down	There are 2 spies in here, use them to cancel visage and then reinforce/ drain on the Executor.  Win big battles and out-drain them.  Watch out for duels.

vs. TIES  not seen in my area, but not a big problem.	In my opinion, you should try to keep out of space for this game.  they can only have so many ties.  Drain them on the ground.

vs. Rops  its dead, but just in case, invade through their Docking Bay

vs. Court  watch out if theyre trying to flip.  The high forfiets can be pretty nice rancor bait.  Out-drain and out-battle them.  Do be careful.

vs. Endor Shouldnt be a problem for your ground crew.	Beat the crap out of them.

vs. anything else Just play like a RST deck with a different start.  It shouldnt be too hard.

Card explinations
I DO NOT HAVE JEDI LUKE if I did, he would be in here.
The AO is for the extra force loss with generals.
Get Yoda to his hut after test 2 is complete.
I have no sense or alter protection because none of my effects are necessary to my deck.

Well, thats it.  Please give suggestions, especially on what to take out and what not to take out.  Thanx, and happy reviewing
---Carson '