---
layout: post
author: Andy "RexBanner7" Klema
title: 'Post DS2 Rumors'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-01
description: 'Rumors got mad bonuses from DS2, and the deck can be killer if played right. Read on.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting Stuff: 8
Endor Operations
Endor
Endor: Bunker
Endor: Landing Platform
Prepared Defenses
Imperial Arrest Order
Oppressive Enforcement
Imperial Decree

Locations: 6
Corulag
Fondor
Kashyyyk
Kessel
Mon Calamari
Sullust

Starships: 10
Avenger
Boba Fett in Ship
Bossk in Ship
Chimaera
Dengar in Ship
Devestator
Dreadnaught
Executor
Vengence
Zuckuss in Ship

Vehicles: 2
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Characters: 20
4-LOM with Gun
Admiral Charaneau x2
Admiral Motti
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral Piett
Captain Godherdt
Captain Sarkli
Commander Merrejk x2
Commander Nemet
DS-61-2
Darth Vader
Darth Vader with Stick
Ephant Mon x2
Iggy with Gun
Mara Jade x2
Officer Evax

Effects: 6
Battle Order
Lateral Damage x2
Ominous Rumors
There'll Be Hell To Pay x2

Interrupts: 6
Imperial Barrier
Imperial Command
Masterful Move
Monnok x2
Twi'lek Advisor

Weapons: 1
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Admiral's Orders: 1
We're in Attack Position Now

Strategy: 

First off, let me say that this deck does NOT try to flip. Flipping requires many annoying biker scouts and otherwise useless AT-STs, and is very slow. This deck is designed purely to set up Rumors and drain like mad while shutting down your opponent's drains. First turn, pull Rumors. Second turn, start setting up in space. It's as simple as that. Here's some FAQs about the deck;

Why not just play multiples of the good drain systems? Because activation is needed as well. Also, Merrejk is in here (two of him), and he is easily drawn into, pulled by Piett, pulled by Piett who was in turn pulled by Imperial Command, etc.

Why so much ground if you are going to use Decree and Battle Order to shut down their drains? Because you need to be able to hold the Landing Platform if you get into a drain race. That extra +2 in space makes a big difference. You also want the ground to interfere with decks based around single characters, such as Profit or Rescue the Princess.

How do you match up against decks that get a character on Endor before you can set up Rumors (Throne Room Mains, There is Good in Him)? While Rumors really helps this deck, the deck doesn't revolve around it. With all your systems within 4 parasecs, Chiraneu adds to almost all your drains. You can also go for space beatdown with your ships and two Lateral Damages. Also, you have the ground to knock an early character off the ground.

Now, because I feel like it, some comments on certain cards and why they are in the deck;

Dengar in Punishing One: This usually isn't a choice ship, even for a space heavy deck. However, he is a machine against swarm decks, and he also takes away immunity, very important nowadays with ships like Home One and Independence, as well as Super Falcon decks.

Admiral Motti: Another Admiral to work with Imperial Command. He can be pulled by it, and he can use it's other (better) effect. Besides, he's a deploy 1 if you have two ships out.

Commander Nemet: Prince of Scrubs (Sarkli is the King). Nemet stops all sorts of annoying reacts, be it the Spiral, Commander Whatever his name is for EBO tech, or Arcona's that are trying to prevent you from setting up Decree on Hoth against EBO. He can also be pulled using Piett's text.

Ephant Mon: Locks down the bunker. No one plays Revolution because of SYCFA, and he prevents spies from going there. So in other words, LS can't get into the Bunker, and you have that +2 bonus for the whole game. He's the man.

Imperial Command: One of the best interrupts ever. Pulls any of the important Admirals in this deck (Chiranaeu and Piett being the most important) for starters. And then there's the secondary text that just kills the Super Falcon. Or, you can add a destiny to get rid of any other annoying ship or forfeit fodder.

Well, that's just about it. Match-ups are pretty generic. You know how they turn out just by looking at the decks, so you really don't need me to tell you anything about them. One last note, because I'm sure that it will be brought up; SAC. Why no There Is No Try? Because Honor of the Jedi kills it. Here's how I figure it; I start Oppresive Enforcement always, so any card cancelled goes to the used pile. I also have two grabbers, which is better than making Sense and Alter lost interrupts because now they cost force to play! Between just those two, it's a pretty strong defense. Besides, for me, it's a meta decision. I don't see SAC around here much, if at all. It's just our environment. If I was going to a major tourney, I suppose I would add There Is No Try, a 3rd grabber, and maybe First Strike to take advantage of the interrupts cost force tech, but I don't need these locally. So that's my peace, enjoy the deck.