---
layout: post
author: ! Dan "Mystikal" Christy
title: ! "Filthy Jawas That Have AIDS"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-12
description: ! 'A jawa deck that can fight off alot of decks. yes... a jawa deck...'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Purple
Agents In The Court

Sitez
Hutt Trade Route
Jabba’s Palace
Audience Chamber
Tatooine Desert x2
Tat Hutt Canyon

White
Artoo
Jawa x10
Tessek x2
Aved Luun x3 (Rep.)
Kalit
Rennek
Jedi Luke

Blue
Ronto

Effects
Bo Shuda
A Gift
Sandwhirl x3
Order To Engage
Wise Advice
Uh-Oh
Yarna d’al’ Gargan
Jawa Siesta x3
Bargaining Table x2
Grabber
Ountee Ta
Mechanical Failure x2

Interrupts
Transmission Terminated x2
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes x2
Utinni x3
You Will Take Me To Jabba Now x3
HFTMF
Houjix x2
Rebel Barrier
Effective Repairs

(cards 61-64)
(The Signal)
(Civil Disorder)
(Do Or Do Not)
[Order To Engage(a second one)] '

Strategy: '

Thanks to Ted Hansen for co-creating this mess.

el-diablo;
I fear no walker and Dark Deal hasn’t been played in any tournament I’ve been in since Gencon.

anyways;
ok, this is stronger than it appears. Some Tech right off... Aved Luun can pull a jawa or Utinni on your control phase. By definition Aved Luun is a jawa so you can pull her and you know when you will be able to cancel a battle destiny. Also, whilst she is at the AC, and there are 3 jawas down, you can use Utinni to cancel a force drain at Tatooine, or a Control. You can protect your sandwhirl should someone try to Control it. Hutt Canyon states that when you have a jawa there that the dark side cannot draw battle destiny there. When Sandwhirl hits the desert, it is likely that you will see a walker or 2. That is what Mechanical Failure is for. They have a big power of 0 with only forfeit-able material inside. Kalit makes the Jawas power of 3 each, and makes Jawa Siesta a high value card. A destiny of 6, and adds 2 to each Jawa’s forfeit for each copy down. Tessek drops the deploy to 0 and raises your force drains.

Match-ups
vs. MKOS;
Use Bo Shuda and OTE to own the Audience Chamber and force their guys out into the storm. this should be the easiest match up possible. Rennek will stop Bubo from being a menace in the AC.

vs Hunt Down;
Get Visage gone as fast as possible. Sandwhirl will handle Vader if they tread on Tatooine. Otherwise, let your drains take them out. Not too much of a problem considering most of them only use 2 docking bays and you can cancel 2 drains a turn if needed. Tatooine WILL be yours.

vs. BHBM;
That’s why JK Luke is in here. Put him in a Desert and make Vader come over. When or if he does, Sandwhirl him to hell. Auto-Win.

vs. Court;
Take the AC and laugh. The jawas will see to it that anyone who is brave enough to evade a sandwhirl will get beatdown. The deserts will stop anyone in their tracks. yet another auto-win, as Tatooine belongs clearly to the Jawas.

vs. Endor Ops;
Setup as fast as you possibly can while keeping defense cards in case of a beatdown. This will be a drain race but your ability to cancel drains with steady retrieval gives you the edge. Just drain fast. JK Luke is also nice when you want to attack their Endor DB.

vs. TIES
Treat this the same as Endor Ops. Your drain cancelling is your advantage. Setup fast and drain. Fear not the suicide beatdown. Just Sandwhirl any survivors.

That should do it. If you can think of any changes, just put them in your review or Dmail me. Never underestimate the power of a jawa with nothing to lose...

Dan ”Mystikal” Christy    '