---
author: Alex "george3785" George
title: HDADTJ Big Blue Style Ver. 2.0
side: Dark
date: 2000-01-27
description: This is a revised version of my last deck, and with the changes i made i think it will be even better. any help will be great.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Cards Objective: (1)
Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out of the Universe

Locations (9)
Executor: HoloTheator
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Executor: Docking Bay
Endor: Landing Platform
Endor: Back Door
Endor x2
Kashyyk
Kessel

Characters (15)
Darth Vader x2
DVDLOTS x3
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Mara Jade TEH x2
DS-61-3
Commander Igar
DS-61-2
Officer Evax
Commander Nemet
Admiral Ozzel

Starships and Vehicles (13)
Executor
Death Squadron Star Destroyer
Devastator
Vengeance
Dreadnaught x2
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Dengar in Punishing 1
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Dune Walker

Interupts (9)
The Signal x2 SI
Masterful Move
Monnok x2
Evader x2
Those Rebels wont escape us x2

Effects (13)
Visage of the Emperor x2 (Start)
Ominous Rumors x2
Security Precautions (HB Start)
Presence of the Force x2
Battle Order (Ops Start)
Come Here You Big Coward
Imperial Arrest Order (Normal Start)
Secret Plans
Crush The Rebellion
Lateral Damage








Strategy: 

This Deck Is my second go at a deck like this and id like some constructive help. It is a deck based on Huntdown and Ominous Rumors. It allows for a setup of massive drains to eat away at your opponent. You mainly want to get out the endor sites and planets out quickly and set up a big presence there. Then you want to deploy the Rumors and set up thge massive drains. You want to protect endor with your best starships so that rumors isn't canceled. At the sites you want to setup the walkers and big characters.You want to play the interupts for the obvious reasons and the effects are an important shield for the deck.

VS. Hidden base: Start Security Precautions and when they flip probe endor, kashyyk, and kessel and stay there protected from damage and drain.

VS. MWYHL: This Deck will do ok but not run to its fullest potential against it. you might want to throw in broken concentration but that wont help much to cancel the first test.

VS. Mains and Toys: Stay on Endor and do the normal drain. If they come to you, beat down on them. You will outrun them in the drain race if you stay on endor.

VS. Ops: This will be rather easy. Start battle order and send a small fleet opver and cut up those operatives.

Changes I Made:
I Took Out:
Endor Dark Forest, Endor Forest Clearing, General Veers, DSSD, Tempest Scout 3 and 6, Masterful Move,First Strike, Bad Feeling Have I, And Reacter Terminal.

I Added:
Executor Docking Bay (for transit from endor,
DS-61-3, Commander Nemet, Admiral Ozzel, and Officer Evax (all these characters were for IAO), Devastator and Vengeance (ability 2 SD's), Those Rebels wont Escape Us x2 (for landing claw), and Lateral Damage.

I hope this deck is better and any more help would be nice.
