---
layout: post
author: ! Cat "CatLoneRogue" Ceder
title: ! "Suh-WEET BHBM v.2.0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-14
description: ! 'This is the second version, of the allready famous (in Santa Barbara at least) BHBM. Enjoy.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'-Starting-
BHBM
Death Star 2 Throne Room
Your Destiny
Insignificant Rebellion
Prepared Defense
Mobilization Points
Oppressive Enforcement
Imperial Arrest Order

-Sites-
Death Star II Docking Bay
Endor Docking Bay
Spaceport Docking Bay
Rendili

-Characters-
Lord Vader x4
Mara Jade, The Emperors Hand x2
Sim Aloo x2
Jabba The Hutt
Boba Fett W/Blaster
IG-88 W/Riot Gun
Janus Greejatus x2
Captain Sarkli
4-LOM W/Concussion Rifle
Emperor Palpatine x2

-Weapons-
Vader’s Lightsaber x2
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

-Ships-
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Chimera
Dreadnaught

-Interrupts/Effects-
Search And Destroy
There’ll Be Hell To Pay
Sniper
You Are Beaten
Projective Telepathy
Sense x5
Alter x2
Imperial Barrier x2
First Strike
Lateral Damage
Force Lightning
Point Man
Battle Order
Twi’lek Advisor
Young Fool
The Circle Is Now Complete x2


'

Strategy: '


-First off the slight changes from the original-

Took Out - (1)Imperial Barrier and (1)Dreadnaught
Put In - (1)4-LOM W/Concussion Rifle and (1)Point Man

The reason behind this madness is that I forgot to put 4-LOM in the deck, and well I figured I need Point Man because alot of people in my area are playing OTEs and not alot of Retrieval (if thats hot in your area take out the Point Man and put in Secret Plans)

Also this deck is now 14-0 in tournament play...wheee

Now on to the fun....

As w/most BHBM decks the first thing that you want to do is look for Rendili before you activate, that way it assures you of getting it, and it possibly not being there so that your opponent can look through your deck. Once you get that, activate (Ive seen this mistake where they deploy it and forget...whoops) then go get the Emperor (if hes there), D*IIDB (if its there) and Force Lightning (again if its there) and deploy them and Rendili. That way it guarantees you an activation of 9 min (8 if they get a spy there...yah right)
Also, once you get Janus plop him down w/the Emperor and keep them together until your about to duel and covert Luke. By then the game is pretty much allready over and youve one (if your going for the conversion) because youll have 4 or 5 stacked cards.

Keep Jabba and Boba together or Boba and IG-88, save 4-LOM for where you need him the most and you shouldnt have much of a problem.

Also don’t forget the sweet Janus/Emperor ’tech’ - get Force Lightning w/the Emepror on your turn and then put it back on the bottom of the Used and get a card...then on your opponents turn do the same thing (but don’t put it back till the end of his turn...just in case) rinse repeat wash...~smirk~

Agasint certain decks just check out my ”decktech” site and read ”Suh-WEET BHBM” for how to play against most of the deck. Their quite similiar except for a couple of cards.


Thanks for taking the time to look, and please rate this deck fairly.

Cat ”The Garindan/Ezri Collector” Ceder
'