---
layout: post
author: ! Andy "Solo337" McClure
title: ! "The Emperor’s Little Buddies (Closed Environment deck)"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-15
description: ! 'If you’re gonna play in the Closed Envirornment, Royal Guards are the way to go I played this deck to win me a Jedi Luke shirt at the DecipherCon 2K Closed tournament.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'
Objective
BHBM/Steal your Dad’s job

Locations (7)
Throne Room (s)
Endor Forest Clearing
Endor Docking Bay
Endor Dark Forest
Endor
Carida
D2 Docking Bay

Characters (26)
Lord Vader x3
The Emperor x2
Myn Kyneugh x3
Royal Guard x9
The Baron
DS-181-3
Major Turr Phennir
Commander Igar
The destiny tracking machiene (Janus)
Sim Aloo
Captain Sarkli
Admiral Piett
Commander Merrejk

Effects (9)
Imperial Arrest Order (s)
Mob. Points (s)
Inconsequential Losses (s)
Your Destiny (s)
Insignificant Rebellion (s)
You Cannot Hide Forever
Combat Response
Overseeing It Personally
Seach And Destroy

Interruppts (2)
Force Lightening
Prepared Defences (s)

Weapons (7)
Force Pike x6
Darth Vader’s Lightsaber

Starships (5)
Saber 1, 2 and 3
Chimaera
Flagship Executor

Vehicle (1)
Igar Boat

Admiral’s Orders (2)
Intensify The Forward Batteries x2





'

Strategy: '


I know the apostrophes are messed up, so I will try not to use them.

Well, so far in all my playtesting this deck has proven very stong. It has gone 16-2 in playtesting and I will explain about the losses later. In tournaments, it has gone 4-0, and won every game by at least 20 (literally). It is the biggest reason I am currently wearing a Jedi Luke shirt.

When all the legal battleground sites are related, Royal Guards ROCK And there are no enhanced weapons to punish theyre low ability and, to top it all off, what is better for winning battles than making your opponents characters power= 0 and adding Battle destinies?

Here is how I play the deck against everything EXCEPT There Is Good In Him. Before I activate, I grab Carida from Reserve. First turn I grab the D*2 docking bay and the Emperor. If they started a site, deploy him to their site. If not, put him at the docking bay. If you got either docking bay first hand, put the Emperor at the Endor docking bay and deploy the other one from reserve. Do not worry about Jedi Luke deploying from reserve for cheap and beating your Emperor, because the destinies in this deck are very high, and you just might win a battle with the Emperor. If not, you take a few cards damage, and next turn you beat the crap out of him with a used Force Lightning and a Force Pike (power = 0 Jedi Knight).

From then on, just deploy Royal Guards and battle and force drain. I can convert Luke almost every game, but I don’t take the time to take him back to the Throne Room to duel. Plus, the destiny average is high, so it is fairly hard to lose duels.

I only play 2 interuppts, which may seem strange, but I really don’t need any more. I don’t need them to bump up the destinies in the deck, and no other ones really help me out. If I thought Ewoks were a problem, I would add a Monnok.

In case you do not know what the Admirals Orders, it does some REALLY gay stuff in space. But, if I occupy Endor with it out, Royal Guards are defense value +2, deploy -1 and forfeit +1. If you have Myn on Endor and this out, each royal guard with a Force Pike is deploy 1, forfeit 4, power 3, defense value 6 and adds a destiny when defending a battle.

3 Vaders has been plenty, but sometimes I have to draw a little more than I’d like to get one early. I will probably add a 4th as soon as I get it.

Here’s what I do against the 2 Objectives

RST Deploy the Emperor 1st turn to their site, cancelling its game text. Spread your forces as needed to keep them from flipping. SEND A SPACE FLEET TO ENDOR TO KNOCK OUT CLOSE AIR SUPPORT That card is a BEAST when it can’t get altered. Hold Endor at all costs.


TIGIH Starting this game is much different than usual. If you don’t get a opening hand Vader, don’t deploy any characters to any sites. Once Luke is with an Imperial, he is captured, thus flipping BOTH objectives (not just yours). Meaning, for you slower people out there -), you lose THREE FORCE at the end of each of your turns AND you can’t deploy the Emperor from reserve. If you get a Vader first turn, proceed as usual. If not, search your deck for a docking bay every turn until he gets in your force pile, and draw until you get him. DO NOT CAPTURE LUKE UNTIL YOU HAVE VADER IN YOUR HAND

One last very important thing. This is how I lost both my games. NEVER FORCE DRAIN WITH THE LONE EMPEROR FIRST TURN If they play Lost In The Wilderness and make the Emperor missing, you have about 6 characters you can deploy IN YOUR ENTIRE DECK. Before you Force Drain with the Emperor, make sure you have enough characters on table to find him if need be. Both games I lost with this deck, I had to draw like MAD to get enough people to find him.

Well, I think that is everything. For questions, D-mail me. Hope you like the deck

Andy

'