---
layout: post
author: ! Norman "Norman" Horn
title: ! "Norm's Running with Scissors"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-27
description: ! 'Ralltir Ops built to counter, uhh, everything.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'
Unknown Type
Coruscant
Dagobah Cave
Death Star
Desert
Hoth Defensive Perimeter
Kashyyyk
Ralltiir
Spaceport Docking Bay
Spaceport Street
Swamp

Characters (17)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
AT-ST Pilot  x3
Comm Chief  x2
Commander Igar
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
Grand Moff Tarkin
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Lieutenant Arnet
Lieutenant Watts
Major Marquand
Officer Evax

Vehicles (7)
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6

Starships (6)
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
Vader's Personal Shuttle
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts (6)
Evader
I Have You Now
Point Man
Trample
Twi'lek Advisor  x2

Effects (12)
Bad Feeling Have I
Battle Order
Crush The Rebellion
Empire's New Order
Imperial Arrest Order
Lateral Damage
Oppressive Enforcement
Resistance
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay  x2

Weapons (1)
Vader's Lightsaber

Unknown Type
Ralltiir Operations/In The Hands Of The Empire
'

Strategy: '

This is the AT-ST Rallops deck I brought to states.  This time, however, it DOES have the Point Man

The general strategy is to obtain a fairly quick flip, then search for the cards needed to counter the opponent's strategy, whether it be by battling or draining.  You can counter ANYTHING with this deck.

You have some nice battling combos Vader + Tarkin and either the Saber or I Have You Now, Tempest I + Igar, Tempest Scout 2 + Watts + Marquand, 4-LOM + Iggy.	Use them to gain the advantage.

Operatives -- Start Battle Order.  Flip quickly but watch for speeder beats.  Then pull Empire's New Order and some battling combos and go right at them  Especially try to get DVDLOTS plus Tarkin, because that's the best way to keep your guys safe while killing the Ops.  Deploy your ships to their system and if they get out a Landing Claw, move to Ralltir.  They either have to follow and lose the battleground for BO or be susceptible to a beatdown.  Since this strategy isn't flawless, you still need to make sure not to deploy your 2 capitals just in case.  You shouldn't have a problem.

Mind What You Have Learned -- Start Bad Feeling Have I and get the draining going.  MWYHL won't be able to move as fast and you'll be able to get your stuff going before they even have a chance.

Profit -- Start Imperial Arrest Order.	Point Man cancels the Order to Engage.	Kill Han if you can.  You ought to have a fun game

Hidden Base -- Start Bad Feeling Have I unless you are ABSOLUTELY SURE that you won't be facing mains.  Take out OTE with Point Man, battle where you can, take out there space fleet.  No big challenge.  You'd do the same thing against an OMDH No Flip deck.

Update -- Whoops forgot to say what you do against Throne Room -- Start Crush.  Pull your Evader first turn but wait to use it until they've revoed some of your stuff.  Only deploy the sites from reserve and the other battleground locations if you get them.  Also pull the I Have You Now for some added defense.  The next version will probably have some Barriers to help out, thanks to the reviewer who noticed that.

For Numbers you have Resistance, pull it quick. Update -- In response to Paul's (right?) review, Vesden is no better than Resistance.  Why?  You still have to GET him, which means a flip.  At least with Resistance I have a Twi'lek for back up  That is enough Numbers protection.

Not much else you need to anticipate, 'cept the Rogue decks.  Even then, just counter whatever they use, developing a strategy to take the victory.  Thanks for your reviews in advance.  Version 2.0 will probably have some barriers and perhaps a couple of Alters.  Who knows what'll happen

~Norman
'