---
layout: post
author: ! Steve "Crazy Hermit" Kuperman
title: ! "The Return Of Funky Breakdown"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-06-27
description: ! 'A revised version of my Endor Operations goodness. Mmm . . .drains of 4 at one location . . .'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost

Locations (11)
Endor
Endor Landing Platform
Endor Bunker
Kiffex
Kessel x2
Kashyyyk
Fondor
Coruscant
Death Star
Nal Hutta

Characters (15)
Darth Vader With Lightsaber x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand x2
Ephant Mon x2
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Admiral Ozzel
Lieutenent Cabbel
Officer Evax
Admiral Motti
U-3PO

Devices (1)
Homing Beacon

Starships (13)
Executor
Devestator
Avenger
Vengeance
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Boba Fett In Slave I
Dengar In Punishing One
Vader's Personal Shuttle
Dreadnaught-class Heavy Cruiser x4

Interrupts (6)
Imperial Barrier x2
Twi'lek Advisor x2
Surface Defense
Overwhelmed

Effects (13)
Imperial Arrest Order
Lateral Damage
Omnious Rumors
Secret Plans
Resistance
There Is No Try
Oppressive Enforcement
Imperial Decree
Presence Of The Force x2
There'll Be Hell To Pay
Reactor Terminal
I've Lost Artoo'

Strategy: '

Rumors The best space deck out there, bar none. Who would use the Death Star objective to mobilize space drains when you get better bonuses without having to go through all the mess of blowing up planets, not to mention the deck dilution?

This deck is simple and basic. You throw down locations, take them over with your space power, and drain them. You've got 13 starships, use them On your first turn, you activate 5 Force. If you've got Ephant Mon in your hand, deploy him first. If not, go search for Rumors. If you've got one in your Force pile, draw until you've got him. Otherwise, throw something to Endor. That way, at the very least, you've got a drain for 2 on them on the second turn. That's called 'putting pressure on your opponent'. Chances are that once they see your obvious superiority (don't be modest now, you know it's true), they'll get the most power they possibly can against you. I would guess that it would be Super Falcon, if they've got it. If they don't, then by all means send that stupid Tantive IV at me. Look at it get pounded by the Imperial fleet.

Super Falcon A prime concern, as it's got the capability to take you down hard if you don't deal with it. Lucky for me that there's only a few million ways in here to deal with it

Imperial Barrier You've got to love this one, basic by now, but it's a goody. Super Falcon comes down, Super Falcon gets barriered. No more problems, they can't wipe out your fleet and with the Falcon committed, feel free to spread out.

Overwhelmed This is a funny little card, also works well if they put Han, Leia, and Luke aboard the Tantive IV. Just use those starships that you've got, it shouldn't be a huge problem to get the 23 you need to throw a loaded Corvette back, and the 15 needed to oust the Super Falcon from your presence is a joke.

I've Lost Artoo Ladies and gents, we call this 'tech'. Let them deploy Super Falcon, thinking they'll follow me around the board, making me lose to Order To Engage. Then, play this card. Draw destiny and if it's greater than 1, put this on their starship to reduce it's hyperspeed to 0. Oops, I guess that Falcon's not doing too much of anything these days now, is it? So you'll lose 3 Force to OTE. Big deal, watch as I drain you for about 50 Force on your next turn.

Don't get me wrong, OTE can be a problem, but generally by the time they have enough power that I need to run away from, I've drained for about 20 Force, give or take a deck.

This works well against most everything, Hidden Base gets rocked by it, MWYHL doesn't do enough damage to me and doesn't slow me enough even with Test 1 out. Profit usually can't outdo me in damage, and EBO? EBO what, I say Imperial Decree is an easy play against it, as is Resistance. Both cards do just fine, and you have the option of starting with either, whether it be through Surface Defense or Twi'lek Advisor.

Please don't leave me some lame ass comment like "this deck sucks". If it sucks, then at least dignify yourself by leaving me a message explaining exactly why it sucks. But trust me, it ain't that bad. '