---
layout: post
author: ! Alfred "ThaBraHmaBuL" Dong
title: ! 'Not For A Sith'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-20
description: ! 'Straight off the decklist from the CA States......this is a 'shafty' Hunt Down with Choke Out power and high destinies.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start (5)

Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi
Executor Holotheatre
Executor Meditation Chamber
Epic Duel
Visage of the Emporer

Locations(5)

Hoth Echo War Room x2
Endor Back Door
Tatooine Cantina
CC Downtown Plaza

Characters(15)

Darth Vader, DLOTS x3
EPP Vader x2
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Mara Jade, The Emporer's Hand
Commander Igar
Officer Evax
Jabba the Hutt
EPP Boba Fett
Zuckuss
4-LOM w/ Concussion Rifle
IG-88 w/ Riot Gun

Creatures(1)

Bubo

Vehicles (2)

Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Starships(4)

Boba Fett in Slave 1
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Dengar in Punishing One

Interrupts(14)

Evader x2
I Have You Now
Oota-Goota Solo?
Twilek Advisor x4
Masterful Move
The Circle is Now Complete
Vader's Obsession
Torture x2
Hunting Party

Effects(14)

Resonsibility of Command x2
Much Anger in Him
Imperial Arrest Order
Battle Order
Security Precautions
Reactor Terminal
Crush the Rebellion
Visage of the Emporer x4
Mournful Roar
Were the Bait



'

Strategy: '

DO NOT REVIEW THIS DECK BEFORE READING THE STRATEGY


Why I use certain cards

Were the Bait, Hunting Party, Mournful Roar These cards are most useful for thier 7 destinies. When you draw them, recycle them back in with Reactor, and draw the for Choke destiny to take out Obi and alot of other things. Mournful Roar and Were the Bait have also helped me win countless games.....Roar works wonders vs. Profit.

Oota-Goota, Solo? Pure Tech. Alot of Y4 Mains decks will have Nabrun in thier decks to jump thier EPPs around when they see you havent got Sense. Surprise....all of a sudden, Luke and Obi got captured, and the rest fall to the Used Pile as well as killing off that bastard Nabrun. Sweet.


Strategy

This is your basic semi-dueling Hunt Down utilizing high destinies and domination. Set up the combo btwn. Responsibility and Much Anger(shaft) on thier mains when theyre deployed. IAO to lock them out. Kill off the rest of the support characters in thier deck, and dominate the scene.

I dont play Executor in here because I often lose it and then find out my Executor sites are still on table. Dengar is cheaper, and I cant count the number of Falcons(and Super Falcons) this helped me kill. There are copies of the character and ship personas of Fett and Zuckuss....here's why They both kick ass. 4-LOM, IGGY, and either Zuckuss or Jabba will grab you 3 destinies. Fett and Jabba or Han will get you one too, with a shot as well, I might add. 90% of the time when you need Fett on the ground, chances are you wont need him in space, and if so, both Zuckuss and Fett die off pretty easily anyways.

Duel them late game only with tracked destinies. Keep the 'shaft' running, battle them to Oblivion and keep Visage on them for game(with 4 spares, theyre not likely to cnacel them all).


What to do vs

Profit Start Crush, Jabba and Fett. Drop IGGY or 4-LOM to add another destiny. Get Vader down quickly and choke out the mains and get 'the shaft' and Visage rolling on them. Do not drop any non-Tatooine locations as that will give them the option of going there and draining and letting you have Tatooine. Duel the mains late game. Look for I Have You Now every time they battle.

Y4 Mains These decks have strangely low destinies so dueling hurts, but watch for anti dueling cards. Shaft thier mains, Bubo and Mara to kill off the Nudjs. Invade Yavin and drop no other locations minus Hoth. Keep Vader on table and lock Visage on them for maximum pain. Start Crush and look for Evaders when they Revo. Oota-Goota the Nabruns

Hidden Base Start Security, draw for ships. Deploy only when they flip, never before. drop battleground quickly and drain before they flip. Lock Visage on them for hurts. If they bring down mains, DONT KILL THEM.....shaft them for 4 a turn. Bubo away thier spies. Oota Goota the Kessel Runs.

vs. Ops Start Battle Order and dominate the Farm. Kill off all ops, all the time. IGGY running around with an op killing the others at same location is funny. Shaft thier mains.

vs. everything else....drop Vader, and dominate. Choke Out Ben and Luke with ease. against Obi's Hut and a battle ground start, drop Vader to the battleground, move into the Hut on same turn. Since youre flipped, they cant do a damn thing from battling you with someone sides' Han. You now can either drain for 3 there, or you can ambush or shaft them there. Sweet.

Any suggestions will help. This is a good deck so please rate is seriously. Thanks.

The Brahma Bull '