---
layout: post
author: ! Matt "crx_lover" Bliffert
title: ! "Anti-Profit - The Power Within... v.3"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-31
description: ! 'This is an Old Skool TatOcc deck that beats Profit every time, and everything else for that matter.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (3)
Tatooine
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Combat Readiness

Locations (7)
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine Lar's Moisture Farm
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Tatooine Cantina
Endor
Coruscant
Death Star

Admirals Orders (2)
Fighter Cover x2

Characters (19)
Lord Vader x3
Mara Jade, Palpy's Bitch x2
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Dr. Evazan x2
Emperor Palpy x2
Sim Aloo
Janus Greegtus
Boelo
Admiral Ozzel
Captain Godherdt
Officer Evax
ECC 4-LOM
ECC IG-88

Starships (6)
Chimaera
Executor
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Dengar In Punishing One

Vehicles (2)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2

Weapons (3)
Vader's Saber x2
Mara's Saber

Interrupts (11)
Sense x4
Alter x3
Twi'lek Advisor x2
You Are Beaten
Sniper

Effects (7)
Battle Order
Tatooine Occupation
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Oppressive Enforcement
Lateral Damage
Search And Destroy '

Strategy: '

ADDITIONAL COMMENTS
1)Boelo doesn't suck without Jabba.  He still cancels destiny at the AC.  And if you don't like Boelo, replace him with Jabba, or throw in both for that matter.  Decks on decktech are there for people to find out what others are playing and get some ideas.  If you want to play a deck like this play whatever you like.  I admit, Jabba is good with Boelo, but the only reason Boelo is even in there is for Profit.	And that is a very popular deck type.
2)Tom, the guy with the big letter review, you can seriously f*** off.	Remember, I moved away, I'm now over a thousand miles away from Wisconsin, so what gives you the right to tell me I'm full of crap.  Why would I lie about a SWCCG deck winning?  I mean its not like my main goal in life is to con people into liking my Star Wars deck.  Jees, some people out there just take this game too seriously.
3)Bryan with the other big letter review.  To Bryan  How the hell would you know what cards I have, I live thousands of miles away from you.  Just because I want to get another TatOcc and a Fighter Cover doesn't mean I don't have them.	My friend wants to run a COTVG similar to this.  And after seeing the power of Fighter Cover, people are usually looking for these cards.

This is basically the same strategy as the previous version of this deck The Power Within... v.2.  So, if you've already read that strategy over than I advise you just to skip down to how to play certain decks.


Okay first things first. The ideas of Uncle Chall brought this deck to life. I was reading his deck "Old School Meets New School" when I decided to put my old TatOcc deck back together, but with a new twist. Something to make it worth controlling a piece of space and a piece of ground, and most of all, being able to maintain it. I was reading over some new DSII cards when I came across the Admiral's Order, Fighter Cover. At first glance its not much, but it really fits perfectly into Occupation decks which use Mara and Vader. Here's a little run down of the deck.

The record
So far this deck has gone 31-0.  Actually its done better than that.  To clarify (a reviewee couldn't believe the record) its still never lost and I lost count of its wins.  Thats including playtesting and 4 tournaments (2 sanctioned, 2 non-sanctioned).	Try it out.  And if anybody else is going to give me a gigantic bold letter review that flat out calls me a lier, don't bother, the other one takes up half a page already.

Basic Strategy
Well, this deck isn't dependant on one startegy. This deck can adapt to any playing field and come out victorious, however, with so many light "I'll wait to see what he does" decks out there, I decided to give this deck a quirk. The idea is to control Tatooine and its related sites, while Fighter Cover and Tatooine Occupation are in effect, but remember, this isn't like a Hunt Down whereas, if Vader loses a duel, the game is done. If you lose the TatOcc or never get it out, you're still doing fine. Same with the AO. It wins, plain and simple.

The Profit Tech
Okay, many people are wondering why Miyoom isn't in here.  Its because all good Profit players are prepared, and since you deploy your aliens before his starting interrupt hits the table, he'll see Miyoom and pull Scrambled Transimission followed by Shocking making Miyoom a pretty crappy character.  I see so many Profits like this in my area so call it a meta thing, I dunno.  Start Mara and Boelo and then at first turn convert the chamber and deploy Dr. E and Mara's Saber.  So now you have can cancel destiny and swing.  Plus whatever other little guys you can throw down.  Usually you can't beat a good player on his own turf.  Well in this case, your turf is his turf, so there you go.  Actually in addition, his turf becomes your turf (i.e. you convert Jabba's Palace and the Chamber before he even goes.  So that means Obi and Luke can't hit the table first turn anyway because he only activates 4 force

The TatOcc, AO, and the big hitters
Okay this is how it basically fits together. You throw down some big ships, usually Chimaera or Executor, backed with BH ships to Tatooine. Drop the Occupation and the AO. Now all your guys who have immunity at related sites add 2 to it. Plus they each add 1 to each of their weapon destiny draws. So you have Palpy and his boys hold one location, Mara, Dr. E, and some others holding another and the Lord and GMT holding a third. Basically an impenetrable force whereas youre drawing multiple destinies at Palpy's site, Mara is a Power 6, immune to attrition <6, and adds one to each of her weapon destinies (2 if at Moisture Farm), and Lord is a Power 7, defense value 8, immune to attrition <8, and adds 2 to each weapon destiny (3 if at farm). Meanwhile, you're draining at all these locations and the Occupation is in effect. Combined with good ships and some good pilots you hold space pretty well too. And the best thing is if you have to go anywhere else (i.e. Hoth against EBO), the AO still works as long as you occupy the system.


Starting
By starting Tatooine and Jabba's Palace with Combat Readiness, you're already activating 5 force plus what the opponent gives you. Then on your first turn, you can grab the Audience Chamber, and then Mara and her saber (if your opponent gives you an icon). So by your second turn, you'll be activating 7+ force, have down Mara and a drain for two.

Locations
Tatooine, Jabba's Palace, and the AC were explained above. As for the others, it was quite simple. Coruscant and DS for activation, all the Tatooine sites for their abilities and their drain potential, and Endor as another system to go to, or to drain. All locations in this deck are fairly safe from penetration too.

Characters
Another simple choice. Vader, Mara, and Palpy because they can hold a location. Tarkin, Dr. E., Sim and Janus to back them up. The ECC droids to take care of pesky EPP's and an occasional Han (Profit). And the others for their side abilities and their pilot skill/high forfeit value.

Ships and Vehicles
What can I say, the best of the best.

Weapons
Pretty self-explanatory.

Interrupts and Effects
Now SAC is a definite must in most of my decks. It is just so versatile. And combined with Oppressive Enforcement, it just rules. The Sniper is in there to take out that pesky Boushh, and plus you still get the weapon destiny bonus from the AO. To hit a Luke at the farm with Vader, you can draw 2 zeros. And you can't pass up those Twi'leks which help you grab game saving effects such as Search And Destroy (Hidden Base, MWYHL), Come Here You Big Coward (getting hit at DS), Lat Damage (Supa Falcon), and/or IAO or Battle Order, which are always good.

As you can see, this deck isn't that hard to understand or play. The setup is fairly easy, and it has never lost. Here are a few run downs of some games I've played.

Hidden Base and MWYHL Swarm
Setup as normal and still go for the Occupation. See the trick is to use more characters as well as ships at Tatooine which maintaining presence there. No one said you have to control Tatooine, just occupy it. And with the speed this deck has, they'll be losing to drains left and right, and definitely won't be able to keep up. If they're losing 3 to the TatOcc, and 3, 3, and 2 from drains, thats 11 force a turn

EBO
Go to Hoth Maintain a presence at Hoth, and go down there with Lord Vader 'n' crew to screw with them. EBO has never been a problem and thats why its declining in popularity.

TR Mains or Eloms
A ground based deck usually packing a Super Falcon. Be sure to use DiPO against the Falcon along with BiHT. 2 destiny and a cancelled immunity to attrition is too good to pass up. And everyone knows Emperor can hold his own, Lord and GMT can hold a location. With just Lord, Ozzel, and GMT it is immpossible to kill Vader. If someone hits him, cancel that destiny. If not, cancel a battle destiny. An opponent would have alot of BD's to kill this trio. I've never even came close to losing to a ground deck, they're not a problem.

TIGIH
Also, not a problem. They will try to get Luke captured. Just win all the battles and drain him to death. Honestly, I've only played this deck type once and it wasn't a problem.

Profit
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Start Mara and Boelo. First turn grab her saber and Dr E. along with your AC. Eventually swap out Mara and her alien crew for the Vader, Tarkin combo. Once implemented they'll never free Han. And since you're setting yourself up on Tatooine, they're screwed for a place to go and drain. This is one of the easiest games out there due to the fact that you don't have to worry about drains. Therefore, you can basically just move your guys around a bunch while you keep a tight grip on the system and the AC. At full bloom and during a tourney, a game like this should only take about 20 min. And watch out for those damn Fallen Portals And if in battle with Jedi Luke, Ben, and a few others, always hack Ben first. Capture Han with Iggy and life is good. That is, if they ever free him. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA

Good luck with this deck and have fun. Also, please rate it fairly and accordingly, it may not look like much, but it is really something. If you have any questions put them in your review and I'll address them in the strategy section. Thanx

- camaro_2784 -        '