---
author: Jodo "Jodo Kast17" Kast
title: 'No Longer a Secret'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-07-12
description: 'This gives a new secret base a different look than many people have overlooked.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Locations (9)
Corulag
Dantooine
Hoth
Yavin 4
Echo Docking Bay
Echo Command Center
Echo Corridor
Main Power Generators
North Ridge

Characters (17)
Boshek
Commander Evram Lajaie
Commander Luke
Commander Wedge
Chewie of Kashyyk
Dack
Firgin D’an
Hobbie
Incom Engineer
Ishi Tib
General Solo
Luke Skywalker
Oola
Princess Leia
Princess Organa
Wes Janson
Zev Senesca

Starships (10)
Artoo in Red 5
Corellian Corvette
Lando in Falcon
Mon Cal
Redemption
Red Squadron X-Wing
Tantive IV
X-Wing x3

Interrupts (9)
Direct Assault x2
Grimtaash
Houjix
On Target
Organized Attack
Punch It
Stay Sharp
The Signal

Effects (12)
A New Secret Base
Bacta Tank
Draw Their Fire
Echo Base Garrison
Echo Base Operations
Haven
Insurrection
Legendary Starfighter
Mantellian Savrip
Reflection
Traffic Control
Wise Advice

Weapons/Devices (3)
Quad-Laser Cannons
X-Wing Laser Cannons x2


Strategy: 

Okay, so you&#8217;ve already seen several dozen of these decks, well I&#8217;ve got another one for you.
	I obviously start with the power generators and a new secret base.  I get EBO set up as quickly as possible.  If I can get Princess Organa out at the beginning I am in great shape.  I can then pull evram, wedge, and reflection.  I pull echo base garrison and pull out hobbie, commander luke, zev, and wedge if he&#8217;s still in the deck.  I can then set up with my starships very quickly.  With insurrection I don&#8217;t have to worry about losing starships, my pilots have forfeit of 6+.  Put evram on a ship for forfeit of 7.  Mantellian Savrip can also be used to forfeit from hand if necessary.
	 I use On Target to keep any ship I want around for another turn, I can then use stay sharp to blow them away; another option on this card is to keep a starship from drawing battle destiny.  If I have luke and dack at the same place, especially if luke is on red 5 with x-wing cannons, even fett in slave 1 can&#8217;t hide.  Wedge and Wes can be used for the same combo in a corvette or falcon.  Direct assault can be used against those annoying ships with immunity to attrition, for example, I can take out the executor without much trouble, I simply direct assault and draw destiny.
	The bacta tank is great for recirculating pilots.  If it gets cancelled, it goes to the used pile by wise advice, and I can pull it back out the next turn.  The Leia&#8217;s are great for either retrieving with reflection, or forfeit fodder.
	With this many pilots and this much great forfeit, it doesn&#8217;t take more than one, maybe two ships to hold a system and drain away.  I can quickly kill my opponent with my massive drains.  The lack of a huge number of starships is offset by the fact that I can forfeit continually without ever losing a ship.
	My mains and high-forfeit characters should be able to battle my opponent anywhere but their strongest points.	Even in those positions I could hold my own with the same forfeit that allowed me to hold space.
