---
author: Tyler "rugman11" Williams
title: The Mad! Abyssin Deck: Beta
side: Dark
date: 2000-12-21
description: This is the second round of my Court/Abyssin deck utilizing JPSD to its fullest.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting (7):

Court of the Vile Gangster/I Shall Enjoy Watching You Die
Jabba’s Palace: Audience Chamber
Tatooine: Great Pit of Carkoon
Jabba’s Palace: Dungeon
Prepared Defenses
No Bargain
Power of the Hutt
***


Characters (23):

Abyssin x10
Bane Malar
Boelo
Chall Bekan
Cloud City Engineer
Djas Puhr
Ephant Mon
Jabba x2
Jodo Kast
Myo x3
Ree-Yees


Starships (4):

Boba Fett in Slave 1
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Dengar in Punishing One
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter


Locations (5):

Death Star II: Docking Bay
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Docking Bay
Tatooine: Jundland Wastes
Executor: Docking Bay


Interrupts (11):

Twi’lek Advisor x3
Abyssin Ornament x2
None Shall Pass
Projective Telepathy x2
Jabba’s Twerps x2
Point Man


Effects (10):

Den of Thieves
First Strike
No Escape
Oppressive Enforcement
Scum and Villainy x2
Search and Destroy
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
There is No Try 

Strategy: 

For starters, the third effect will almost always be Opp. Enf., but start Secret Plans against Profit and Training.


Reasons I picked certain cards over others.

Court: The obvious choice for Abyssin swarm would be My Kind of Scum.  I prefer Court because of its ability to deploy Dbays and Ships from RD.
Character selection is mainly Abyssins, guys who hang out in the AC, and bounty hunters who receive the forfeit +2 from the objective.
Ships: The four main BH ships.	Perfect for Court.
Sites: Two 2-0 Dbays, 2 good drain sites.  The drains can be a little weak, but those two sites will help you out in a pinch.
Interrupts: Only questions may be Jabba’s Twerps (Dep. 3 abyssins to a battle initiated against Chall or Jabba.  They come free if Scum is on the table), and Point Man.  The Point Man is for Bo Shuda/Order to Engage.  It cancels OTE.
Effects: All the necessities including SAC protection.	Two Scums is nice b/c I usually get one in my opening hand.


How to play the deck.

Pretty easy.  Set up Jabba, Myo, Boelo, and maybe Ephant in the AC.  Spread Abyssins and BH’s around to drain.  They come to battle, kill them and retrieve thanks to Scum/First Strike.

Certain Matchups.

Profit: This deck rapes profit.  Start Jabba and Chall and use Chall to grab the CC Engineer.  After that it’s just normal play.  Don’t give up the Audience Chamber!

Agents: If it’s Chadra-Fans, get Ephant to the AC first turn.  That means no Kabe, and all the Fans are power 1.  If it’s eloms, they’re all power 1 against the aliens, so shouldn’t have much of a problem there.

Hidden Base: Drain fast and furious, before they start cancelling your drains.	Get Sec. Prec. and start probing.  Boba is a beast for probing.

EBO: Again, fast drains are key.  Set up faster than they can, then invade, sometimes.	Watch the x-wing beatdown in space.

Training: Quick drains will be killer.	The Court loss they take should damage them quite a bit.  Kill them before they finish training.  That’s what it’s all about.

TIGIH:	Luke will bow to the massive power of the Abyssin swarm.

Speeders: You’ll have to outdrain them.  Only problem is, you only have two sites to do it at.  Good luck.  This deck has beaten speeders the one time it played that deck.

This deck is very effective and has won by 40.	The potential for big wins is great.  Good Luck. 