---
layout: post
author: ! Brandon "Droid Pimp" Gravo
title: ! "Tree Leaf v1.1"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-11
description: ! 'Dark Side pure power.  Kick everythings ass.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations(8)
Death Star(usual start)
Coruscant Imperial Square
DS War Room
Coruscant
Meditation Chamber
Dagobah Cave
Wampa Cave
Ice Plains

Characters(16)
Choke Vader x2
Darth Vader
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
IG-88 w/Gun
U-3PO
Dengar w/Gun
Jabba The Hutt
Brangus Glee
Bane Malar
Mara Jade
Jodo Kast
Bossk w/Gun
4-LOM w/Canceler
Dannik Jerriko

Starships(8)
Fett In Ship
Executor
Avenger
Dreadnaught
Zuckuss In Hunter
Vengence
Bossk In The Bus
Death Squad SD

Interrupts(15)
Twi'Lek Advisor x3
Evader x2
Elis Helrot
Projective Telepathy x2
I Have You Now
Oo-ta Goo-ta, Solo?
Masterful Move
Torture x3
Alter

Effects(10)
Presence Of The Force
A Bright Center To The Universe
Crush The Rebellion
There'll Be Hell To Pay
Oppressive Enforcement
Come Here You Big Coward
Secret Plans
Battle Order
Reactor Terminal
First Strike

Weapons(3)
Vader's Saber x2
Jade's Saber '

Strategy: '

This deck always does great.	The deck itself has only lost once(I lost playing ti another time but that was my fault, not any defeciency that the deck had).  The basic idea is to go where your opponent is and beat down.	First I'll explain why certain cards are in the deck or not in the deck.

Security Precautions  This will be the first thing that peple notice.	It is not in the deck for a very good reason.  I don't have room and it is not neccesary.  Against HB I always start Battle Order.  When they flip I just go probe for the base.  My blue is so big the whole battle damage advantage isn't necessary and the damage it causes to my opponent isn't critical either.

One Alter  I play with one for several reasons.  It gets rid of annoying effects like the Gimer Stick and Bacta Tank that I wouldn't be able to kill off.  Some people say nly one isn't worth it but I find that it always works just fine. Even if it is canceled by sense oppressive enforcement will probably be out so all that happened was me getting a sense out of my opponents hand.

Torture x3  I see most decks only play with 2 but I have found that I need three.  The one game where the deck lost was because I got hit for inserts for over 40 force, after cancelling 4 NTMTO.

POTF  This is in here in case a need to make a battleground system/sight to fulfill Battle Order.  It also lets me invade my opponents sites that don't give me icons.

Masterful Move  Can cancel both a drain on the holotable and Savrip.  It is also an easy to track 6.

Projective Telepathy  This card can cancel battles and drains.  It also cance AFA which is becoming more popular.  My favorite combo is to play this after your opponent just payed 3 to drain thanks to Battle Order.  A lot of the time they won't drain.

Elis Helrot  In case my guys get stuck somewhere.  Also good for the ambush.

Dannik Jerriko  Profit tech.

Both Bossk Cards  I play the character and the ship because they both rock.  Just put him where you need him.	I've captured Ben/Luke and other mains countless time on the ground.

Jodo Kast  When he's with Tarkin and Vader on an Operative planet the light get zero destiny.

Character Base  My character base may seem thin with only 16 cards and one is U-3PO but I have not had any trouble with.  All the characters are so powerful there is no real need for any more.

Now I'll go into startegies vs. specific deck types

Profit  Here I usually start with Mara, Jabba, and Secret Plans.  Depending on the first few turns and your hand you can either take over the audience chamber or you can go drain jabba's palace.  First Strike is a great card here because these decks have so many interrupts.  I f they try to trap you with Order To Engage you have your trusty Alter.

Speeder Ops  I've played against the Hay's deck twice and won by over 20 each time(easily).	Here you will start Batle Plan and they will be paying for all there drains.  This is where Projective Telepathy and ABCTTU really rock.  i.e.	Pay 3 to drain for 1, PT, pay 2 more or its canceled and you only activated 6-9 this turn.  Dengar also rocks as he can kill the speeders.  Just deploy in mass to avoid the beatdown and you will be OK.  If they have a battlegrond system try to clear it out with your starfighters so they can't use the Landing Claw trick.  If you have to use capitals just move them to the Death Star after the system is cleared.

Test to 5  This game wil be boring as hell.  Start with CHYBC and shuttle some guys down to Dagobah where you can drain them to death.  Watch out for counter assaults.

HB X-Wing Swarm  Start Dagobah Cave and Battle Order.	Probe as quick as possible and just out power those gay x-wings.  I played this just the other day and had absolutely no trouble.

Falke Hidden Base  This is no contest.  Your bounty hunter ships will just rip them a new @#$%.  Super Falcon is a pain but you will just have to out power it,  Kast and Tarkin can also cancel one destiny a peace.

Revo  You have a lot of defense against the revo because it can hurt you so bad.  Crush with two Evaders is the most obvious.	The real reason I decided to put in the Alter was a secondary form of protection against revo.	I haven't really played one but I think it my make a reaapearence in the local meta real soon.

Just have to remeber that you should be able to out battle your opponent in space or on the ground.  This deck has pretty much dominated for over a month.  If you have any questions just ask in my Decktech box and I will get back to you right away.  This deck is gonna win me the Nevada state championship and the Tatooine regional that is beign held in Las Vegas this year.	Gonna win them both Droid Pimp style.	'