---
layout: post
author: ! Josh "Sachmo" Rohrig
title: ! 'Set  Base on Ralltiir'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-01
description: ! 'This is a basic Ralltiir operations deck.  Get a quick flip with all of the cheap people and AT-STs.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective 1
Ralltiir Operations

Locations 7
Ralltiir
Jungle
Swamp
Dessert
Forest
Kiffex
Endor

Characters 17
Darth Vader x2
AT-ST Pilot x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Mara Jade
Commander Igar
General Veers
Officer Evax
Admiral Ozzel
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Djas Puhr
4-LOM w/ gun
IG-88 w. gun

Creatures 1
Bubo

Starshjips/Vehicles 8
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Dengar in  Punishing One
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 5

Interrupts 18
Twi'lek Advisor x3
Imperial Barrier x3
Sense x3
Alter x2
You Are Beaten x2
Ghhhk x2
I Have You Know
Those Rebels Wont Escape Us
Sniper

Weapons 3
Vader's Saber x2
Mara's Saber

Effects 6
Presence of the  Force
Imperial Arrest Order
Security Precautions
First Strike
Secret Plans
Reactor Terminal '

Strategy: '

All of the locations are self explanatory.  Kiffex and Endor are just good drain systems.	They will also satisfy Battle Plan.

Vader, Tarkin, Mara are all great people.  Veers and Igar go well on any of the vehicles, especially Igar on Tempest 1 with the  bonus from the flip side of the objective.  The DS brothers are great pilots with low deploy.	Evax is low deploy and great forfeit.  4-LOM and IG-88 are great with their weapons.  Bubo is there for anti-spys and Arconas, which are popular here.

The bounty hunters in their ships are all great.  Dengar is good against an X-Wing swarm deck, and great combined with the  flip side of the objective again.  All the vehicles just help hold Ralltiir.  But if they are avoiding me, I can send an AT-AT to  their planet.

Twi'lek Advisor is a good recyclable destiny 5, and it is good to help get whatever effect out that I need.  Imperial Barrier is a great card.  It will hurt a just deploy super Falcon, or a key main.  Sense and Alter are there so that I have a little control over what my opponent can do.  You	are beaten can hurt bad wher used at the right time.  Ghhhk is great to use if you  go for the quick flip.  You can have really small forces to flip it, and not worry about a huge beating.  Sniper is also for anti-spys.  Those Rebels Wont Escape Us is good because it has so many uses.  I have you know, is a good destiny and a good destiny adder.

Both the waepons are completely self explanatory.

Presence of the Force is all-around really good.  Imperial Arrest Order is good to stop Nabrun Leids, and it adds to forfeit (Evax, DS brothers, Ozzel).  Security Precautions is anti-HB and helps generation if I need it early on.  First Strike is a little direct damage/retrievel.  Secret Plans is good for any deck, especially against Profit.  Reactor Terminal is just to  dump all the things I dont need back into my deck. '