---
layout: post
author: Chris "Jedi Taboos" Praskac
title: '"I Grab Your Ghhhk" -Martin Falke Worlds 2k (Anti Foreign Deck)'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-11
description: 'Dark deck that when 3-1 Day 1, 3-1 Day 2, Lossed to Falke Day two (story below)'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective:
Set YOur Course For Alderaan

Locations(8)
Death Star
Death Star: Docking Bay 327
Alderaan
Death Star: War Room
Tattoine: JP x3
JP: Audience Chamber

Characters(16)
Jabba the Hutt x2
IG-88 w/ Gun x2
4-LOM w/ Gun x2
Dengar w/ Gun x2
Djas Puhr
Brangus Glee
Bane Malar
Gailid
Dr. Evazan
Mara Jade
Boelo
Ephant Mon

Starships(3)
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Interrupts(16)
None Shall Pass x2
Imperial Barrier x2
Twi Lek Advisor x2
Masterful Move x2
Ghhhk x2
Monnonk
It’s Worse
Point Man
Set for Stun
Operational As Planned x2
Prepared Defenses

Effects(16)
Opressive Enforcement
There Is No Try
You Cannont Hide Forever
Come Here You Big Coward
Search And Destroy
First Strike
Blast Door Controls
Scum & Vilainy x2
Battle Order
No Bargain
Lateral Damage
Security Precautions
Resistance
There’ll Be Hell To Pay 

Strategy: 



This is the situation, I’m 5-2 last game(I lose and don’t make it to day two), playing this deck vs. Martin Falke’s infinate retrieval HB deck.  He’s got all his mains at Spaceport DB adjacent to Tattoine:JP, I deploy Dengar w/Gun and Dr E with a 5 and 6 tracked, I battle he plays Fallen Portal Dengar, I Ghhhhk with Dr E.  As I play the card Falke says,

”My friend told be about this deck, they tod me to grab you ghhhk.”

and he does... scouting bastard, I lose my 14 and don’t qualify for day 3.  All well, here’s a great dark deck that mopped the floors up against the top players in the world including Raphael @#$%elin who was perplexed on why I started No Bargain.

Anthoer good quote as I play Raphael as he pretends to not know what the cards do...

He plays draw thier fire w/ frozen assests deploys a few EPP’s, I play Operational As Planned, he then asks,

”What does that do?” Like he don’t know, he clashes Jabba from battle in Audeince chamber leaving Boelo, he slices him and I cancel destiny, he then says,

”He has to be with Jabba in Battle,” Sure he does... I then lose Boelo and 2 force, game over.

If I play one more of you guys who pretend to not know what’s going on I swear I might just have to kill one of you!

Anway here’s the deck, it has infinite retrieval if you opponent is dumb enough to come to the Death Star DB.  If you can’t figure out how to do it dont ever draw battle destiny there, retrieve 3 every turn.

Bascially it’s a battle deck, battle & retrieve, must grab fallen portal, it rapes this deck.  Other than that it has no weakesses.

Against EBO, start restance, hit them with search, drain, battle, win.

There Is Good In Him, kill Luke with 4LOM to kill thier activation, bate them into battles, win my 25 everytime.

Speeders-against a tough opponent wait to draw audience chamber, they can’t drain you anywhere so take your time.

New Objective-it’s going to be rough or easy depending on what style oppoenent is playing, speeder’s will be toughest matchup.

Hidden Base Mains- tough matchup, if they go to Chamber, beat them down, if they don’t track high destiny and use Dengar to kill them, Ghhhk.

There you have it, late!

-Chris ”Prasnach” Praskac
