---
layout: post
author: Tim "DS-61-4" Linden
title: 'Death Star II Enhanced Endor Ops'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-07
description: ! 'This is a new and more powerful deck fully demonstrating the effect that Death Star II will have on current Deck types'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Endor Operations
Endor
Endor Bunker
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Prepared Defenses (Starting 3 Effects I'll explain in stratagy section)

Locations
Hoth
Kashyyyk
Kessel
Kiffex
Mon Calamari
Nal Hutta
Sullust
Tatooine

Characters
Admiral Chiraneau
Admiral Piett
Captain Godherdt
Colonel Jendon
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Ephant Mon x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
M'iiyoom Onith x3
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand

Starships
Accuser
Avenger
Boba Fett In Slave I
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Chimaera
Dengar In Punishing One
Devastator
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
Executor
IG-88 In IG-2000
Judicator
Vengeance
Visage
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Weapons
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber

Admiral's Orders
We're in Attack Position

Effects
Battle Order
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Leave Them To Me
Ominous Rumors
Perimeter Patrol
Presence Of The Force
Reactor Terminal
Search and Destroy
Security Precautions
Something Special Planned For Them

Interrupts
Those Rebels Won't Escape Us
I'd Just As Soon Kiss A Wookiee
Masterful Move'

Strategy: '

This deck has been made mostly to show the amount of power that Death Star II will bring to decks such as Endor Operations. Death Star II gives you another 2 drain location (Sullust) More Star Destroyers (Accuser, Chimaera, Judicator, Visage) Some more charecters that add 3 to the power of starships that they pilot (Admiral Chiraneau, Admiral Piett, Captain Godherdt, Colonel Jendon) As well as some other useful cards. Now let me explain the stratagy of this deck.

The basic Idea of this deck is to set up Endor with as few charecters as possible then use you power charecters, M'iiyoom Onith (who is safely sitting on Endor) and IJASKAW and other cards to slow them down while your force drains take effect. This decks effectiveness comes from its ability to take complete control of a game. Now for some specs.

VS. Ops I would probably start Battle Order, Imperial Decree and most importantly Leave Them to Me. Try to control one of their Locations as early as possible, that will shut down their deck and from there on it is a very easy win.

VS. Y4 Mains This will most likely be your most difficult matchup but you still should be able to pull through. Start IAO and Something Special Planned for them, try to hold every location that you can with a lot of strength to slow down their efforts to attack you, use M'iiyoom Onith to kill off their mains and drain at one or two sites until their life force is depleated to the point in which you can spread out a little more.

VS. There is still good in Him This deck may be hard to play against, but it is not impossible to beat, capture Luke, but Don't transfer him to Vader and keep Vader away from him, or don't deploy him at all, try to out drain your opponent in space.

VS. Mind what you have learned Start IAO, Imperial Decree, try to get our Search and Destroy as early as possible. Try to out drain them quickly before they can flip and do their damage.

VS. Hidden Base. Start IAO, Battle Order and Imperial Decree. Try to set up a few drains on the ground with the sabers and at the same time battle them in space. If they flip, use Security Precautions to make them wish they hadn't

Well that's about it, good luck playing it.'