---
author: chris "Austin316" morris
title: 'When Storm Troopers Attack'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-17
description: 'Well it has a Ral ops bace so i know i will cop some flak but its a nice setup point and it is unexpected'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Unknown Type (8)

Exicutor Meditation Chamber
Forest
Hoth Wampa Cave
Jungle
Ralltiir
Spaceport Docking Bay
Spaceport Prefect's Office
Swamp

Characters (18)

4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Chief Retwin
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x2
General Tagge
Grand Moff Tarkin
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
Stormtrooper x10

Starships (4)

Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
IG-88 in IG-2000
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interupts  (23)

Abyssin Ornament x2
Alter x2
Dark Jedi Presence x2
Ghhhk x3
Hutt Smooch
Monnok x2
Scanning Crew x3
Sense x2
Trooper Assault x4
Twi'lek Advisor x2

Effects (4)

Imperial Arrest Order
Secret Plans
Strategic Reserves
Well Guarded

Weapons (2)

Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber

Objective
Ralltiir Operations/In The Hands Of The Empire


Strategy: 

Well yes again its a rall ops but its not atst its just a fake for the trooper beat down.

This is how its done very simple yet very painfull.

Start With Well Guarded this will throw your oponent a bit .

Then go through and get your sites wait till u get a ghkk in your hand got through for a non unique aka a storm trooper and delpoy him alone at a site with a mara and a stormie and motti at another site and flip.

Then here is the trap. They see a lone storm trooper and go after him u laught your ass off with a trooper assult and Dark Jedi Presence in your hand with a few storm troopers in your hand
. You ghkkk out of that battle and the start go throug for your darth delpoy him a lot of storm troopes battle trooper assult and dark jedi presence now your troopers that delpoyed for free are now all power 6 immunte to attritian and look really scary.

This should if u r lucky be the end of the game if not recycle and repete again till they learn not to mess with the troopers. If worst comes to worse take it to the sky Zuckuss with vader and tarkin kinda pissed ppl off with them needing ability 7 to draw a destiny then u cansling it.

well i know this deck looks a little weak but with the element of suprise it works a treat..


thanks for lookin  