---
author: Peter "jeeps" Jacobson
title: 'Jeeps' Rescue The Gal Deck'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-07-10
description: 'RTP has been too defensive in the past.	It's time to turn the tables and make all those people who thinks this objective stinks to choke on their words!'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Objective:  Rescue The Princess/Sometimes I Amaze Even Myself

Locations (6)
Death Star: Detention Block (SL)
Death Star: Docking Bay(SL)
Yavin 4: War Room (SL)
Yavin 4: Docking Bay (SL)
Hoth: War Room
Hoth: Docking Bay

Characters (17)
Luke w/ lightsaber x 2
Han w/ Heavy Blaster x 2
DOS
Prisoner 2187 (SC)
Lando w/ Blaster
Chewie w Blaster
Obi-Wan w/ lightsaber
Tawss Khaa
Orimaarko
8D8 x2
ASP-707 x 2
Momaw Nadon
Cmmdr. Wedge Antilles

Vehicles (6)
Ronto x 3
Lift Tube x 3

Star Ships (5)
GL in G1
RL in R1
Artoo in Red 5
Tantive IV
Spiral

Weapons (2)
Anakin's Lightsaber
Leia's Blaster Rifle

Effects (4)
Echo Base Garrison (SE)
Disarmed
Bacta Tank
Insurrection

Interupts (19)
Blast the Door Kid x 2
Alter x 2
Sense
Fallen Portal x 2
Lift Tube Escape x 2
Strangle
Transmission Terminated
On The Edge x 2
Sorry About the Mess
The Signal (SI)
Skull x 2
Weapon Levitation
Don't Forget The Droids



Strategy: 

I have always had a thing for the Princess... I think that everyone has.  There's just something about her.  She's strong, intelligent, and beautiful.  Similar comparisons can be made with the RTP objective.  It can be a powerful strategy... the ability to remove (.) characters, vehicles, and starships from the game is a powerful weapon.  It's one that none of the other objectives try and it's one (hopefully) the Darkside should avoid (leaving you to force drain freely).  Beyond this, it takes skill to accomplish the "mission" and start the devastation.  On to the actual strategy...

This deck revolves around three cards (other than the ones required for this objective.  I don't want to state the obvious here).

Card # 1:  Echo Base Garrison.	If you're currently running a RTP deck without this card, you are making a HUGE mistake.  The entire priciple of getting 8D8 to do his "thang" is what this deck is all about.  He's a maintenance droid and you can fetch him from you reserve deck at will during your TURN (not during deploy phase, control phase, etc).  This means you can get him out BEFORE you activate force, thus GUARANTEEING you getting him down turn one.  EBG is also great for fetching bacta tank & cmmdr. Wedge.  Both great cards for this deck.

Card # 2:  Lift Tube Escape.

Lift Tubes can get you where you want to go.  They have kick ass destiny and are cheap.  This deck uses every facet of Lift Tube Escape.  You can get a lift tube, run away from a battle you don't want to be a part of, or replace a lift tube to your used pile (a really nice way to track a 6).  Combined with the ASP droid you should have no problem eliminating DS's characters with weapons and attrition.	It's also a used 5 destiny.

Card # 3:  Skull

WOW.  I looked at this card and was amazed at how well it worked in this deck.	You can actually use the destiny number of a Ronto to add to your power in battle.  A +5 bonus is excellent.  Not only that, it allows you to search for a Blast The Door Kid or Fallen Portal.  Not only THAT, it's also a used interupt with a 4 destiny... hmm... the mininum number needed to free Leia with 8d8...

 I have played a Hunt Down, and 2 different DS 3A objective decks and have had mixed results.  This version of this deck is a culmintion of what "should" happen now that I have fixed the serious "fizzling" problems this deck went through.  Basically, this meant adding a 0/1 and a 0/2 site to my deck, as well as adding a couple of Skulls.  I also added an Anakin's Saber for added force drains and offense.  This deck was always too defensive, but now, I hope to have fixed this.

General Strategy:  Get 8d8 to the Y4 docking bay.  Don't make your move until you get either a lift tube or ronto down as well.  Typically, I can get 8d8 and one of these down on first turn.  If not, draw.	Deploy the tube to the detention block.  Move 8d8 to the Death Star Docking Bay.  Pay attention to what your opponent is playing.  Hunt Down is a fun strategy to play against.  They will try to come to you after you deploy.  That's what Lift Tube Escape, Fallen Portal, and Blast The Door Kid! is for.	These are excellent antibattle cards and make sure you have at least one of these and an Alter or two of these before you try to Bust the Babe Out.  Once you get your vehicles out(second turn), send 8d8 and free her.  Use the lift tube to move Leia to the DS Docking Bay.  You should have a ronto waiting for here at the Docking Bay.  Remember, vehicles use thier landspeed, not the character, so the Ronto (with Leia Aboard) moves to the Yavin 4 Docking Bay.  She jumps off, and BAM!  Move her to the War Room and on ONLY the second turn you have flipped your objective.  From there, you can either keep the pricess "safe" at the War Room (Prisoner 2187 can force drain +2 there) sending the EPP Mains out to battle and eliminate key characters (a vaderless Hunt Down is a fun thing to see!) or you can send her out as Daught of Skywalker with her blaster, track a 6 to battle vader and BANG he's immediately lost before he can even blink (much less try to choke Leia).  You can even move her to Vader's location and use Sorry About The Mess (and with the help of ASP) sniper him away (although it's not techically "battle" Vader or whomever you snipered, wouldn't be placed out of play).  So anyway,  BUST 'EM UP!

After thoughts/commentary:

I don't do much Death Star Plans running.  I think that it's wasted space, especially when you can track destinies so easily with ASP's.  That's why On The Edge is so great.

Don't Forget the Droids... wow, a little numbers protection nver hurts, but the second feature (and not to mention the destiny) is great.  You can forfeit 8D8 to cancel a battle destiny destiny you opponent draws.	That's why you always move 8d8 with Leia when you have this card.  She will have more protection from attrition.

Strangle:  What a great card... especially before 3A came out.	Post 3A, it's still got balls.  It's got a great destiny, but with all the people playing with Iggy, she can be captured and held indiffenitely.  No problem.  Leia's 4 power equals Iggys.	Iggy has no ability and Leia gets a destiny draw.  All you need is a 1 and Iggy is toast.

Insurrection: why not?	It protects you fromElis Herlot whis many DS players still play and this deck makes it annoying as HELL!

Suggestions?

The characters in this deck are picked deliberately.  Blast the door kid excludes leaders an characters of ability greater than 2.  This includes EVERONE except Chewie.  I am thinking of dropping him, but I am not sure for what... his gun is a great feature.  Please, I don't want to add "more spies" because every spy is an ability of 2 or less.  If a spy gets jumped, I lose a lot of force.  Blast the Door doesn't help there.

Do I need more of the 3 key cards?  I think that this deck is really, REALLY balanced.	It's been play tested and I think stands a great chance to do well in most tournaments.

Thanks for reviewing!

Peter