---
author: Scott "Maverick" Shepherd
title: 'Hidden Bade = CC Celebration'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-02-17
description: 'A light Side Deck that uses Hidden Base to set up CC Celebration that is an overall balanced attack deck with good retrieval and good draining potential...'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective(1)
Hidden Base

Locations(9)
Rendez-Vous Point
Bespin x2
Carbonite Chamber
Upper Plaza Corridor
West Gallery
North Corridor
Guest Quarters
Platform 327

Characters(18)
Son of Skywalker x2
Pucumir Thryss x2
Han w/Blaster
Leia w/Blaster
Hobbie
Chewie w/Blaster
Zev
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Jereon Webb
Tarn Misson
Jek Porkins
Wedge Antilles
Biggs
Toryn Farr
Red Leader

Starships(9)
Medium Bulk Freighter x2
GHold Leader/Gold 1
Corvette
Spiral
Tantive 4
Redemption
Lando/Falcon x2

Interrupts(13)
Sorry About the Mess
Run, Luke, Run x2
Transmission Terminated
Don't Forget Droids
Noble Sacrifice
Shocking Information
Signal x3
Path of Least Resistance x3

Weapons(1)
Anakins LIghtsaber

Effects(9)
Wise Advice
What're ya' Tryin' to Push on Us
Battle Plan
Scrambled Transmission
CC Celebration x2
Traffic Control
Bacta Tank
Insurrection 

Strategy: 

   The strategy of this deck is relatively straight forward.  Signal in Insuurection against most decks( Battle Plan for Ops or ISB)and try to get a CC site or 2, if you started with Insuurection you can pull the Docking Bay whenever you want to.  Deploy your fleet to Bespin as neccessary to protect the system and when you're ready deploy CC Celebration.	Most of the Characters are fairly versitile so they can be deployed either in space or inside CC, so they lend themselves to whatever the situation.

   One of the most powerful cards in the game right now is Path of Least Resistance...so use it to its fullest.   Not only is it great for jumping into combat,  its even better at jumping out.   If you're confident on not facing SAC you can spread out 1 character per site and drain away without fear because you can warp away elsewhere before combar begins.  I like to try to get my ability 4 + characters to various sites before deploying the celebration, that way even if i don't get the path off,at least I get a draw to offset the beatdown, although careful play should never let this happen.   Aswell Path also provides duel protection for Luke...if there are 3+ sites down and Luke is at an end one, Vader can't Ellis in because you've started Insurrection vs. Hunt Down,	and if he gets picked up and re-deployed you can warp away 2+ sites before he can Obsession.  If Vader Starts walking over keep Luke away by moving away, then warp back again, or if Vader picks up to deploy again, do the same thing again.	 Path is also wicked against spies, both in leaving them behind or warping in to Sorry about the mess them.  So it really is important to utilize your mobility advantage with path effectively.

  The other neat thing about CC right now is the ability to hide your characters away from the 'big blue' threat out there right now.  No exterior sites = no AT-ATs or AT-STs to worry about.

   So there ya have it, an overall balanced deck with good potential to take on alot that gets thrown at it.  PLease remember when reviewing that against most dark side decksthere is a counter somewhere inside so please take the time to look for it...Have Fun. 