---
layout: post
author: ! Geoff "gsiva" Snider
title: ! "Obi-Wan Ignores You"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-02-21
description: ! "With the exception of losing to all the nasty skrilling odds decks making a comeback in my area, this deck tends to do well simply because noone plays dark side space decks anymore, and everyone runs either HuntDown or Ralltir Ops."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'locations (6)
obiwan's hut
tosche station
cantina
mos eisley
jabba's palace
audience chamber

characters (19)
ben kenobi x5
master luke x3
han w/gun x2
boussch
momaw nadon
wyron serper
commander vanden willard
artoo
jeroen webb
yoxgit
bothan spy x2

interrupts (19)
double agent x2
sorry about the mess x4
careful planning
gift of the mentor x2
courage of a skywalker
glancing blow
nabrun leids x3
narrow escape x3
the signal x2

effects (11)
order to engague
wise advice
what are you trying to push on us x3
goo nee tay
undercover x4
yoda's gimer stick

devices (5)
obiwan's lightsaber x3
anakin's lightsaber x2

'

Strategy: '

deck strategy isn't worth squat in the current tournament scene.	it's all about what kind of force generation you get in the first 3 turns of the game, how much you can screw over your opponent, and how much you know about how everyone in your area plays.  this deck works because it plays against NON-space decks, decks that don't run all the 4 ability dark characters, and HuntDown/Rops decks.  numbers will screw it, tie decks will probably win the drain race, and any dark operative deck with Imperial Arrest Order will put it 'one foot into the grave.'

a main concern that i have when building light decks is You Are Beaten.  you cannot stop it unless you play SAC (which never works reliably against HuntDown) or Weapon Levitation (and Weapon Lev. doesn't cut it against all the dark permanent weapons running around these days).
my answer to this (as well as bounty hunting decks) is narrow escape.

the other main card of the deck is Order to Engage.  it wins games, hands down.  noone runs Pointman, Wise Advise and grabbers stop the SAC manipulator decks, and you can always toss out Yoda's Gimer Stick on Luke or Ben for added effect.

anything else your opponent does can be stopped by any variety of Undercover spies that are included, or you can usually end the game in a big Nabrun beatdown with Gift of the Mentor, since not everyone seems to like playing IAO anymore.

have fun with this one.
Brian Fred Loves Order To Engage. '