---
layout: post
author: Tom "Gand" Culpepper
title: 'Gand posted a light deck??'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-21
description: ! 'HEBO??  What the hell is that?  Only an idoit when it comes to the light side(read ME) could think up a deck this wierd.  But it only changed 3 cards from the EBO/Kessle run deck, so here goes...'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(5)
Hidden Base
(marker)
Signal
Rebel Fleet
Rondezvous Point

Locations(11)
Hoth
Coruscant
Kiffex
Kessel
Ralltiir
Mon Calmari
Hoth Main Generators
Hoth North Ridge
Echo War Room
Echo Corridor
Echo DB

Characters(12)
Hobbie
Zev
Comm. Luke
Comm. Wedge
Boussh
LKJS
Obi-Wan Kenobi
TK-422
Captian Han Solo
Ralltiir Freighter Capt x2
General Calrisian

Vehicles(14)
X-wing x10
R2-D2 in Red 5
Spiral x2
Falcon

Effects(11)
Incom Corp
Echo Base Garrison
Ultimatum
A New Secret Base
EBO
Yarna d al Gargan
Traffic Control
Kessel Run x2
Projection of A Skywalker x2

Interupts(7)
The Signal x2
All Wings Report In x2
Organized Attack x3  '

Strategy: '

Extremely card intensive, yes.  But if done right, it barely loses cards(able to stop 5 drains a turn at peak efficency).  Doesn’t rack up differential, but it is 4-0.  The only light deck besides MWYHL to win 4(mind 5-1 or something like that)


Started out as a fun deck, but it actually went undefeated in tournament play thus far.  A good way to learn tracking, especially in the early game while trying to satisfy HB.  Damn funny to see HB flip as EBO hits the table.  Works pretty well against MKOS with the POAS and a coulpe undercovers(drop TK-422 to Mara as she is probably the only imperial) but is a strugle against TDIGWATT early on, as the POAS can’t help you at all.

Start typical HB, I don’t really pull the systems in any particular order (but I try to get the Ralltiir system kinda early).  Watch for your Echo sites and 1st marker.	When you see the 1st marker is absent from reserve, draw up.  This usually happens within a couple turns.  The next time you see North Ridge, deploy Main Power Generators and North Ridge.  If you have them, deploy Garrison and ANSB, or the other sites and set up EBO.  Usually the time that you can set EBO is the same as the time you are ready to flip HB.  Deploy Incom and spread out for some huge drains while using the undercovers and HB text to kill of thier drains.  Don not forget the force choke on the back of HB.

This deck is posted primarily for my records...  I will be working on a new light deck for this weekend and on.  Would be a lot less restricted if I had a JKLS.  I despise the ”ultra rare” system.

Note, this is a fun deck mainly, but it is undefeated(4-0) in tournament play.	I just don’t like the low differential.


BY THE WAY...  if you want to see what I consider a good deck of mine, look at and/or review the deck on my page ”The gods of death...”  it is a very unique BHBM with an extensive strategy against many different decktypes.  '