---
layout: post
author: ! Andy "RexBanner7" Klema
title: ! 'Conn H&R v2.0'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-05-02
description: ! 'This is the second version of my Hit and Run deck, which is tweaked to win in my states of Connecticut.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations 8
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Dejarik Hologameboard
Endor Chief Chirpa's Hut
Hoth Echo Command Center
Rendezvous Point
Yavin 4 Massassi Headquarters
Yavin 4 Massassi Ruins
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room

Starships 6
Gold Leader in Gold 1 x3
Red Leader in Red 1 x3

Characters 8
Boushh
EPP Leia
EPP Luke x3
EPP Obi x3

Effects 18
Anger, Fear, Agression x5
Battle Plan
Bacta Tank
Do Or Do Not
Docking and Repair Facilities
Draw Their Fire
Insurrection
No Disintegrations
Order to Engage
Projection of a Skywalker x2
Scrambled Transmission
Wars Not Make One Great
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us

Interrupts 20
Don't Tread On Me
Effective Repairs x2
Gift of the Mentor
Glancing Blow
On the Edge x2
Out of Commission x2
Run Luke, Run
Shocking Information x2
Skywalkers x2
The Signal x3
Transmission Terminated x3


'

Strategy: '

Well, I'm sorry, but I'm really tired, so I'm not going to rewrite my whole strategy. You can go to the first version (it's on my page) if you really need it. I will comment on the changes that I made.
An extra The Signal went in because it's so important in finding your effects quickly, especially your Projections. An extra Skywalkers was added because they are together a lot, and barriers suck. Plus, it saved my ass by canceling Imperial Barrier 3 times at states My odds protection is gone. Why? Because no one plays it, unless your name is Clayton. Besides, DS odds have characters, and I whoop up on characters. Docking and Repair Facilities was an excellent suggestion by Eric Hunter. It acts as a Bacta Tank for my starships, letting me continually harass my opponent in space. A Gift of the Mentor was added because it is a great site clearer, and a destiny five. Finally, one EPP Leia was dropped for Boussh because she is more versatile, and can help to cancel Visage, shut down opponent's drains, and do general spy stuff. A few notes about this deck Search and Destroy does NOT kill it. You can easily clear one of their battleground with an Hit Squad and destiny adders, and then S&D is cancelled. It does hurt, but putting it down doesn't mean that the game is over. My Obi got placed out of play in a duel, and I still won the game easily because I had my Lukes and Leias circulating. Dueling does NOT kill the deck as well, but the protection necessary IS in there. One last note if you are the least bit in the dark about this deck, do NOT rate it You can message me first and I will be happy to answer any questions, but I need solid reviews so that I know how to improve the deck. Thanks everyone, and later. '