---
author: Kyle "Psyokid" Ishimaru
title: 'Ralops with DS2 tech'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-29
description: 'basic ralltiir operations deck with new ds2 cards that help it more versitile!'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

starting(6)
Ralltiir Operations/In the hands of the empire
Ralltiir
Prepared Defenses
Imperial Arrest Order
Opressive Enforcement
Imperial Decree

Locations(10)
Swamp
Forest
Jungle
Spaceport Docking Bay
Coursant
Death Star
Sullust
Wampa Cave
Ice Plains
Kashyyyk

Characters(16)
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral Chinraneau
CAptian Godheart
Lieutenant Cabbel
DS-61-2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Officer Evax
Lieutenant Watts
Darth Vader with Lightsaber
Lord Vader
Major Marquand
Lientenant Arnet
At-St pilot x4

Starships(7)
Visage
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Bossk in Hounds tooth
Vader's Personal Shuttle
Chimaera
Devestator
Boba Fett in Slave 1

Vehicles(6)
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6

Effects(7)
You Cannot Hide Forever
Something Special Planned for them
Security Precautions
Bad Feeling Have I
There'll Be hell to pay
Battle Order
Search and Destroy

Interrupts(7)
Trample x2
Masterful Move
Alter
Shut him up or shut him down
Monnok
Point man

Admirals Order(1)
We're in attack Position now

Strategy: 

This is a Ralltiir Operations deck that will set up big drains in space and hurt them on the ground.  Well heres some tech for you!

Admiral Chinraneau:  Hes great he adds to force drains at systems where u have a star destroyer!!
Sullust and Kashyyyk with a SD at both drain for 6 unless they come to you.. and with Something Special Planned for them its +2 to move their ships to the systems with a SD!!

We're in attack postion now:  Gives Star Destroys their much needed immunity to attrition and makes pilots deploy cheaper to ships.

I know what your thinking Romans would prolly screw this deck.	Well yes it would but i play tramples with and average destiny of 3 so i could prolly get him and be able to react.

What to do against popular decks

EBO:  Easy set up Search and destroy with Ice Plains or Wampa Cave exteneding the shields and try drain in space and on ground.

Profit:  Set up you planet sites for a constant drain of 1 at each site.. try to flip fast (they prolly wont come to you) get your space up and try to occupy some tatooine sites to stop some of their drains.

Throne Room:  This could be a hard game.  Try to keep your space sites heavily occupied with your stuff so you wont lose so much if they attack.. try to get bad feeling have i out fast to make their mains cost alot.

There is good in him:  dont go to his site cause then luke will be captured and that will kinda hurt you... try to flip with a walker at every site or have a lone guy with Tempest Scout 6 in your hand.. drain in space drain on ground.

Also this deck is good against Goo Nee Tay cause most of my stuff execpt like Vader, Tarkin and Chinerau are under ability 3.

Well try it out its a fun deck to play with high destiny.