---
layout: post
author: ! Tim "Info Broker" Guzman
title: ! 'Guzmans LS Worlds Deck'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-12
description: ! 'I played this in Day 2 at worlds, and this is the one I built at 4:00 AM before the event.  Its Fun, and Wins.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Ojective
You Can Either Profit By This..

Locations(7)
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace
Tatooine Docking Bay
Spaceport Docking Bay
EndorDocking Bay
Home One Docking Bay
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut

Characters(14)
Han Solo
Han With Heavy Pistol
Ben Kenobi x2
Luke Jedi Knight x3
Boushh x2
Lando With Gun
Chewbacca
Orrimaarko
Lieutenant Blount
Colonel Craken

Weapons(4)
Anakin’s Saber
Luke’s Saber
Obi-Wan Saber
Leia’s Blaster Rifle

Effects(13)
What’re You Tryin to Push x2
Projection Of A Skywalker x2
Wise Advice (start)
Insurrection (start)
Aim High (Possible Start)
Order to Engage
Mechanical Failure
Your Insight Serves You (possible start)
Frozen Assets
Undercover
Honor of the Jedi

Interrupts(22)
Heading for the Med Frigate
The Signal
Sense
Altar x3
Rebal Barrier x2
Fallen Portal x2
Narrow Escape x2
Someone Who Loves you
Clash of Sabers x2
Skywalkers
Gift of the Mentor
Sorry About the Mess
Grimtaash
It Could be Worse
Double Agent
Weapon Levitation


'

Strategy: '

****I do not know why, but I messed up...make that only 2 Alter(spelled right here ))  I think thats it, I typed it from memory so what can I say.  Oh and No ships, because This is so fast it wins without it, and I like risk...it didn’t matter in the games I played at worlds anyhow.


Well here you go.  This section should be easy to figure out, but just in case I will say a few things.

First Blount and Cracken are the best spies, because they take care of ISB.  Just deploy generic Docking Bay to Coruscant and that is game for you, with back up of course.  I didn’t face any ISB so it didn’t matter for me.

Against BHBM...just use Undercover until they want to pull there hair out.  Battle when you know you will win, and it usually is a close game against this deck, but this one could win.

Against Huntdown...well watch out for the Duel, set stuff up, as you can see not much protection, but Dueling wasn’t something I thought of at 400 in the morning, but Jedi Luke does subtract 3 so that helps.	I usually best just to Face Vader right away, when they are not ready to duel and battle him, because then Honor and no vader for him will hurt.

Against Court OR Set your Course...OR if you know they have retrieval ALWAYS start Aim High...it works in you half every time.	Otherwise Start Your insight and grab it latter or grab Honor.

This deck is fun and wins

Enjoy
Tim Guzman  '