---
author: Quirin "el-diablo" Fuergut
title: BHBM for D*2 & Endor only Tournament
side: Dark
date: 2000-11-15
description: This is a BHBM-Deck Ive won a D*2 & Endor only tournament.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objetive: Bring Him Before Me

Starting(7):
D*2:Throne Room
Your Destiny
Insignificant Rebellion
YCHF
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
Prepared Defenses

Effects(2):
Overseeing it personally
Aratech Corporation

Interrupts(11):
High-speed Tactics x3
Pitiful Little Band x3
Sneak Attack x3
Force Lightning
Rise, My Friend

Vehicles/Ships(11):
Speeder Bike x6
TempestScout5
Tempest
Scout6
Tempest1
Chimaera
Flagship Executor

Characters(21):
Biker Scout Trooper x3
Corporal Avarik
Corporal Dresolyn
Corporal Misik
Sergeant Barich
Sergeant Elsek x2
Sergeant Irol
Corporal Oberk
Lord Vader x3
Emperor Papatine x2
Janus Greejatus
Sim Aloo
Commander Merrejk
Captain Sarkli
Colonel David Jon

Weapons(1):
Darth Vaders Lightsaber

Locations(6):
D*2: DB
Endor: DB
Endor: Forrest Clearing
Endor: Back Door
Carida
Endor  

Strategy: 

IMPORTANT: First of all this is for D*2 & Endor tournament only!!! A few weeks ago I submitted a Lightside Deck which got a bad rating because some guys didnt realize that there is no SAC in Endor & D*2 !!!!
----------------------------------------------
Ok now the strategy:
First of all this Deck is made to win groundbattles against Endor Scouts. So Little Pitiful Band is very such a tournament because every character in this Deck which has an Ability number below 4 is a scout or spy.
Ok in nearly every game you search for Carida with Mobilization Points and loose YCHF for Aratech Corporation before Fore activation.
Drop Emperor to D*2: Db for huge force activation.
So in the next few turns you should play Vader and some Speeder Bikes with Pilotas a sites for drains. Because he will come to battle you always be aware that you have a few battling interrupts in hands and have enough force to react. It shouldnt be such a big problem to kill any Ewoks or Scouts if you play smart. If he plays in Space
get Executor with Speeder Bike Pilots on it out to stop Battle plan and drain him to death with overseeing it personally. What is also good in this Deck you have only 6 ones and can get every 0 from Reserve Deck, so yo0u should be able to draw 4s or 5s.
Now for the Matchups:

vs TIGIH
Deploy Emperor first turn to Endor: DB, so he gets only 3 Force in his turn including Carida.
Second turn try to get Luke with a Spy and Vader.
(If you can play Sarkli your opponent gets no opponent at Chirpas Hut)
If he deploys HomeOne: DB with Madine at it keep the spy and force so you can kick his ass. There are a lot of spys you should try to kill first, like Beezer, Cracken and Kensaric.

vs Ewoks
Drain in space and battle them on ground.
Try to win early battles so you can cross Luke. If he hasnt got one get 3 battlegrounds and he will loose a lot of force.

vs Bunker-Destruction
nearly the same as TIGIH, but now you dont loose force from stacking. Also if he blows the bunker away he will loose nearly as much force. SO just battle and use Barich for Beatdown and Elsek to receive all Damage (He loves getting killed)

Ok thats all I think. If you have such a tournament try the Deck, perhaps you will put in some Blasters and Gall just what you like. If you dont play such tournaments just rate and think about what you have in Endor & D*2 against those nasty Biker Scouts.so thanks for reviewing. 