---
layout: post
author: Ed "eddiehectic" Rebman
title: 'MKOS beats the LS down v2.0'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-21
description: ! 'This deck uses the new JPSD objective to bring pain to the LS through massive battleing and retrieving.  Adding 2 to all your battle destiny draws is sick.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Here is a scum and villainy deck that uses MKOS for big destiny draws and battle destiny/force drain canceling.

 Start
MKOS/Fearless
Desert Heart
Jabba&#8217;s Palace
Prepared defenses
No Bargain
Power of the Hutt
There is no try (depends on what they start)

Locations
JP Audience Chamber
JP Lower Passages

Characters
Mighty Jabba x2
Boelo
Ephant Mon
Bib
Boba w/blaster x2
Jodo Kast
Dengar w/blaster
Myo x4
Abyssin x3
Dr. E x2
Djas Puhr
4-Lom w/rifle x2
IGGY w/gun
Gallid
Outer Rim Scout
Chall Beaken

Ships
Jabba&#8217;s cruiser
Bossk in HT
Zuckus in MH x2
Dengar in PO

Effects
Scum and Villany x2
Disarmed
First Strike
Blast Door Controls
Search and Destroy
Hutt Influence
Secret Plans
Something Special Planned for Them

Interrupts
Control x3
None Shall Pass x2
Twi Lek advisor
Sniper x2
Hidden Weapons x2
Jabba&#8217;s twerps
Abyssin ornament
'

Strategy: '

First of all.  THIS IS NOT A SWARM DECK.  If you review this and all you say is add a lot more abyssins then you are an idiot and your vision is too limited.  This deck is a destroyer, ground or space.	It has tons of characters, and cool battle gimmicks to get rid of mains and a powerful ships when you get extra battle destinies in space (BinHT and 4-Lom as a passenger with Zuckuss).  I have defeated entire LS fleets with just 3 ships before.  With adding 2 to all your battle destiny draws and canceling theirs with the objective.  All that coupled with the retrieval makes this deck is very hard to beat.

Strategy Reasons for certain cards
MKOS- Why not start court? I know that I lose the damage potential of the objective but I think that it is more than made up for by the battle enhancements and drain canceling potential. Adding 2 to all your battle destinies is huge, especially when you have multiple destiny draws.  Besides, I like to have a lot of force to work with.

Blast Door Controls- Battling on my turn is the key to this deck, I hate Barrier.

Something Special Planned for Them- I hate LS retrieval, which is huge in my area right now.

Control- the key is the battle interrupts, I want to protect them from SAC and in a drain race it never hurts to cancel one of their big drains.  Retrieve it and use it again

Jabba&#8217;s twerps- This card is awesome.  You will generally have 4-5 alien leaders in the ac, play it to retrieve right before you battle then get it back with scum.  Or, if they battle against your alien leader, pull some abyssins or an ORS to help.  Remember that your rep is a leader.  6 destiny is great.

The strategy is simple, get out Mighty Jabba and use power of the Hutt to search for key aliens. Get a powerful force in the AC early to protect S&V and to drain with Gallid.  You can usually flip 3rd turn.  Other than that, react to what your opponent does and battle, battle, battle. Get rid of his guys with interrupts like Hidden Weapons, Disarmed and sniper. Flip your objective to cancel battle destinies and force drains with Myo, don&#8217;t forget about battle destiny +2 with Bib and Jabba on the table and retrieve an Abysin if you can.

Vs. EBO- get a solid drain base at the 3 JP sites with Gallid, cancel their drains with Myo and control. Pick and choose your battles wisely, especially in space. Vs. Ketwol, the retrieval stoppers should take care of on the edge, and none shall pass will protect you from EPP hit squads, that really won&#8217;t hurt too much anyway. Search and Destroy will help.  Use control to cancel their big drains.

Vs. HB space- They won&#8217;t be able to cancel your drains and you can harass them in space. It may not look like it, but the space in this deck is powerful.  Get multiple destinies and knock em right out of space.   Retrieval for them will be limited. Search and Destroy will help.
Vs. HB mains- Battle wisely, they will probably deploy to tat db and move over fearing NSP. Watch out for Fallen Portal as they can use it at JP as well. Use your battle interrupts and take out their mains through battling. Their retrieval will be limited.

Vs. Speeders- Stay inside and drain; cancel their drains with control and Myo. Hit and run if you see an opportunity but stay away from getting beaten down by a handful of speeders. Search and destroy will help.

Vs. MWYHL- Drain them out; watch for the super falcon. Sniper their undercover spies. If this is big in your area I would recommend adding in resistance. Cancel their Kessel drains with control and Myo, retrieval will be limited.  You will probably be able to take out the super falcon if you want, but I would sit back and drain and use control to just cancel the Kessel drain.  You don&#8217;t want to let them get legendary out on you.  You will not be affected by POAS, and sniper their undercover spies.

I know that this is the 2nd time I have submitted this deck, but it is a whole lot better than the first one.  It is currently undefeated and wins by huge margins.  If you are going to suggest adding any cards, please give me a hint of what to take out.  Thanks.



'