---
layout: post
author: ! Casey "Smeg" Barson
title: ! "A BHBM Deck That Doesn’t Suck"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-22
description: ! 'This is my attempt at a BHBM deck.  I didn’t like the decks that were out there so I made my own. Read Strategy before rating please.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)

Bring Him Before Me/Release Your Anger

Characters (16)

Janus Greejatus x2
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand x2
Sim Aloo x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x2
Lord Vader x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Emperor Palpatine
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Captain Sarkli
Dr. Evezan

Interrupts (17)

You Are Beaten x2
Sniper x2
Prepared Defenses
I Have You Know
Force Lightning
Force Field
Young Fool
The Circle Is Now Complete
Operational As Planned
Weapon Levitation
Imperial Supply
Shocking Revelation
Rise My Friend
Projective Telepathy
Twi’lek Advisor

Starships/Vehicles (6)

Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
Zukkus In Mist Hunter
Dengar In Punnishing One
Chimaera
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Effects (13)

Crush The Rebellion
Lateral Damage
You Cannot Hide Forever
There Is No Try
Your Destiny
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
Insignificant Rebellion
Emperor’s Power
First Strike
Oppressive Inforcement
Bad Feeling Have I
Secret Plans

Locations (4)

Death Star II Throne Room
Death Star II Docing Bay
Cloud City East Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Platform)

Weapons (3)

Vader’s Lightsaber x2
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber '

Strategy: '

Ok, here it is.  I’ll first explain why I used certain cards.  Then I will move on to strategies vs. specific deck types.

Force Field  This card is in the deck for the tech part of the deck.  So many people will track destinies so that they will get a swing to hit Vader.	They are totally unprepared for this card.  It also works very well when they drop a spy and an EPP to the Emperor, thinking to cut and make me loose a ton.  They be thinking wrong.
Imperial Supply  I was playing against Kevin Shannon after the Phoenix Grand Slam and he was playing his speeder beatdown deck.  He was using DTF and Begger.	Ouch, that hurt for about 38 damage.  Since I don’t have any SAC in the deck I needed a way around this.  Imperial supply was all I could think of.  It also works really well when they do the same and you want to use an interrupt in a battle.  Just a cool card.
Shocking Revelation  Recyclable destiny 5 that can kill Oola.	Works for me.
Bad Feeling Have I  Most people would think that this is counter productive because Luke deploys -2 from reserve deck.  But it is really cool against his other mains that want to come and free Luke from Vader’s grasp.  A great card that works really well in this deck.
Crush The Rebellion  Since most of the big battles will be taking place on Cloud City, because you would be foolish to stick Vader anywhere else, this card will only let them have 2 destinies.  It is also cool when they drop their EPP shat at the Emperor.  Only 2 destiny max.  Its cool.
Young Fool  I just like looking at Luke’s blue lightning teeth while the card is in my hand to throw off my opponent.  "What are you laughing at?"  "Oh, you’ll see, you’ll see."  Great comic effect.

Other than that you should know what most of the cards in the deck are in there to do.

Here is how I play the deck.

Starting stuff  Objective, Your Destiny, Insignificant Rebellion, Prepared Defenses, Imperial Arrest Order, Mobilization Points, *Misc effect.
*this effect will vary depending on the deck you are playing, or think you are playing.

Start off by grabbing Emperor’s Power.  Then get the Emperor to the DS2 docking bay.  That will increase your actvation.  He will stay there for as long as you need that force.  If you don’t need that extra force from him being at the docking bay then move him to be with Vader of if you need it move him to the Throne Room to get Emperor’s Power going.  You only have four sites in the deck because that supplies all the activation you need plus two places to play on.  You won’t need more activation than these four sites can’t give you.
Now on to the matchups

vs. Hidden Base Flip  Against this deck you’re going to want to go to your docking bays and just try to drain like mad.  If they come to tussel beat them off.  Wait for them to flip before you send any ships into space as you only have 4 of them.  You should be able to find their base with your ships with little or no problem.	If this deck is really prevelant in your area you might want to take out a You Are Beaten for a Security Precautions.  Win battles in space and try to convert Luke to the dark side.  Lateral damage will work wonders against this deck.  Use it with First Strike to keep it going. Should be a fun deck.

vs. Hidden Base Non-flip  Basically this is going to be a mains deck that is just using HB for some quick activation.	They will be coming with mains at you like mad.  This will be a good fight.  Bad Feeling will slow down their deployment.  You should have enough power to win your two sights.  It really hurts when you sniper a main during your control phase, You Are Beaten another and then slaughter the guy they have there.  They can’t houjix because they can’t forfiet everything at the sight.	This will be a fun deck, but without Luke, most mains decks have problems.  Watch out for Fallen Portal as it will A$$ rape you.

vs. Mains/Throne/Rebel Strike	Start You Cannot Hide Forever or Oppressive Enforcment.  Just play your game.  They will have to come to you to cancel your drains which will be massive with lightsabers adding and them loosing three to Your Destiny.  If they leave a weak force at one of their sights use the walkers.  Sniper with Iggy and the rest should be history.	Pretty much the same as HB mains.  Recycle your destiny 5’s Shocking Info and Force Lightning.  Track them and slaughter the light side guy.  Janus is in there to help you get your high destiny cards back into your deck.  Remember, Janus is God so use him like it.  He is the bomb.	Woah, did I just say that.  Cool.

vs. Jedi Train 1-3-5  Start Secret Plans.  You should be able to do a ton of damage to them early on.	If they are training Luke they will loose.  Secret Plans will shut them down late for their retrieval after test 5.  This should be a relatively easy game to win.  If they are going for the fake-out and are running mains, then be ready for a good fight.  This deck is really prevalent in my area and so that is the primary reason why I opted for anti SAC as opposed to lots of SAC.  Like I said should be an easy win.

vs. Anything I forgot	Just play the deck like you would normally.  Get your guys out at the docking bays.  Drain, and respond to what they do.  You will want to keep Vader off of Endor to drain unless you have a walker there as he likes to get lost in the wilderness while patroling the Landing Platform.

This is a pretty fun deck and it will win the majority of the games it will play.  Please let me know what you think.  Be honest and I appreciate your constructive feedback. '