---
layout: post
author: Matthew "Frog Lord" Peddle
title: 'Prototype My Kind of Scum/Fearless and Inventive'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-22
description: 'This is a prototype my kind of scum deck I cooked up upon seeing the new cards.suggestions are welcome'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting Cards:
My Kind of Scum/Fearless & Inventive
Tatooine:Jabba’s Palace
Tatooine:Desert Heart
Well Guarded
Prepared Defenses
Power of the Hutt
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points

Locations:
Cloud City:East Platform
Jabba’s Palace:Audience Chamber
Jabba’s Palace:Lower Passages
Jabba’s Sail Barge:Passenger Deck
Tatooine:Docking Bay 94
Rendili

Characters:
Abyssin x15
Bib Fortuna
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Boelo
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Mighty Jabba
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand x2
Myo x2

Vehicles/Starships:
Jabba’s Sail Barge
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Dengar in Punishing One
IG-88 in IG-2000
Jabba’s Space Cruiser
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts:
Abyssin Ornament x2
Imperial Barrier x2
Twi’Lek Advisor x2
Wounded Wookiee x3

Effects:
First Strike
Scum and Villainy
Search and Destroy
Secret Plans

Weapons:
Mara Jade Lightsaber 

Strategy: 

There was an error in my decklist...add 1 Chall Bekan, and 1 Myo

This deck is my first try at a My Kind of Scum deck. I decided to go with heavy abyssins, and a nice mighty jabba/bib/boelo theme.

Power of the Hutt is VERY important.It pulls EVERYTHING. It’ll grab your nasties, and speed the deck up immensely.

How to start the game:

On Turn 1, grab rendili before you activate,pull the audience chamber, and DB 94. Then, grab a jabba’s sail barge, and put it down with your 5 force, and pull the passenger deck.

On Turn two, your activation is rather healthy, at 10+whatever your oponent gives you.

Continue the game by using beatdown w/ abyssins, and use bib/jabba to add 2 to your destinies, and boelo to protect them from attrition.

Mara, Fett, and Iggy can be used for beatdown, or whatever other uses you find for them.

Card notes:
Wounded Wookiee- this card is great!! destiny 5 when flipped, and it allows you to cancel a rebel’s game text at the same site as an abyssin. Cancelling clash isn’t bad either...

Search and Destroy: With honor practically biting it, this card will become more powerful, as most people will cease using honor.


Any suggestions would be nice, also for info on the new cards, go to:

http://www.decipher.com/starwars/cardlists/jabbaspalacesealeddeck/dark/index.html  