---
layout: post
author: ! Andy "Solo337" McClure
title: ! "Post D2 CotVG Better Than Ever"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-22
description: ! 'My take on a Court deck after the powerful impact of Death Star 2.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'
Locations (10)
JP Audience Chamber (starting)
JP Dungeon (starting)
Tatooine Sarlacc Bed (Starting)
Tatooine
Tatooine Lar's Moisture Farm
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Coruscant Docking Bay
Death Star 2 Docking Bay
 Spaceport Docking Bay
Rendili

Characters  (19)
Emperor Palpatine x2
DVDLOTS
Lord Vader
EPP Vader
Mara Jade (Emperor Buddy #3)
Janus Greejatus (Emperor Buddy #1)
Jabba The Hutt
Grand Daddy Tarkin
Commander Igar
Boelo
EPP Fett
Officer Evax
Commander Merrejk x2
Admiral Ozzel
The not-so-good Dr. E
ECC Iggy
4-LOM w/ Stupid Gun

Starships (6)
Fett in ship
Bossk in ship
Dengar in ship
Zuckess in ship
Devastator
Chimaera

Interrupts (7)
Masterful Move
Twi-Lek Advisor x2
Force Lightening
Imperial Barrier
Sniper
Prepared Defenses (starting)

Effects (10)
Battle Order
Imperial Arrest Order (starting)
Resistance (starting vs. EBO)
Tatooine Occupation
There Is No Try (usual starting)
Lateral Damage
Secret Plans (Never Leave Home without them)
Overseeing It Personally
Expand The Empire (Old School, baby)
Search And Destroy
Mobilazation Points (starting)

Vehicle (1)
Tempest 1

Weapons (2)
Vader's Saber
Mara's Saber

Admiral's Orders (2)
Battle Deployment x2

Objective
Court of the Mac Daddy'

Strategy: '


Well, this works like most Court decks, with a few twists. Starting Effects are usually There Is No Try, Mobilazation Points and Imperial Arrest Order, for obvious reasons (IAO to give my Imperials forfeit +2). Against EBO, however, start Resistance.

Get Mara to the Chamber as soon as you can. Everyone should know pretty much how a Court deck works, so I won't go into that. I'll just tell why I made some of the less obvious card choices, and what to do against some popular LS decks.

Emperor Palpatine and Overseeing it personally
It's not a centerpiece to this deck, since it can be altered and Jedi Test #1 negates it, but it certainly can be helpful some games. The Emperor is almost always useful, and who can argue with that 6 destiny? Plus, IMHO, if you play an Emperor, you need to play at least 1 Force Lightening.

Why Emperor Buddies #1 and #3, but not #2?
Well, as you should be able to gather, Sim Aloo is Emperor buddy #2. I've discovered that people fight against the Emperor as little as possible, so I rarely get to use him to add a Battle destiny. In addition, his game text is not nearly as useful to me as Emperor Buddy #1's. And I play Emperor Buddy #3 because she can come from reserve deck to the AC.

Expand the Empire
I used to see this useful effect ALL the time, but I very rarely still do. I think it is just as effective now as it ever was. I LOVE using it to expand my Moisture Farm game text, or get another 2 aliens from reserve by Expanding the Audience Chamber. And I start There Is No Try, so if they Alter it, they pay for it.

Battle Deployment
I LOVE this AO It punishes non-balenced decks (all capitals or all starfighters), and makes all destiny additions USELESS on Tatooine. I play 3 capitals and 3 starfighters, and can deploy ships from reserve as needed, so the power -2 rarely effects me. Not to mention I can get that Tempest 1 from reserve to go with the Igar in my hand. Also, again, I don't think anyone can argue with the destiny number.

Masterful Move w/o Monnok
I find Monnok is becoming less effective, so I have dropped it. I leave in the Masterful Move because Savrip can win games by itself, and this is the best 6 to track in the game.

Spaceport docking bay
I like it better than the Tatooine DB, because opponent's pilots deploy +1 there. I never use it off of Tatooine.

Rendili I can get it out with Mobilization Points, duh

Most other cards are self explanitory.

Against popular LS decks

There is good in Him/ I Can Save Him
Other than the speeder beats deck of Steven Lewis, most of these I've seen stink. Just play smart, and don't lose a lot of battles. Get Vader to the Emperor if they have a prayer of converting him, and always remember There's not THAT much good in him.....

BTW, MAD props to Steven Lewis for his There Is Good In Him speeders. I pray to God that I won't have to play against it as long as I live

EBO
Set up resistance, Battle Order, Search and Destroy, Tatooine Occupation and Overseeing it personally as well as you can manage. Be careful in space, and don't get slaughtered. It shouldn't be TOO hard a game.

MWYHL
If they're training to 6, I suggest you cut them off at the pass. Set up Occupation as soon as you can, then send Vader or Mara from Tatooine in a starfighter (or Bossk) to kill the Apprentance. DON'T LET THEM FLIP OR YOU WILL BE SORRY

Anything else
Play smart. Always play your game, not their's. All the Appropriate counters are in the deck, I think, so it should be pretty solid.

D-mail me with questions Lemme know what you think-

Andy McClure
Alabama State Champ (Big deal, right?)




'