---
layout: post
author: ! R. "Voice of Law" Smith
title: ! 'Freaks and Geeks'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-13
description: ! 'Its a weird deck. Read the strategy.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Start (5)
Coruscant
Prepared Defenses
IAO
Mob Points
YCHForever

Locations (7)
Coruscant Docking Bay
Imperial City
Imperial Square
Clouds x4

Characters (21)
Merc Pilots x9 (Freaks)
Tibanna Gas Miners x6 (Geeks)
EPP Vader x2
Mara x2

Weapons (1)
Mara’s Saber

Vehicles (7)
Patrol Craft x7
Bantha

Ships (4)
OS in Obsidian 1
OS in Obsidian 2
Combat Cloud Car x2
Fett
Zuckuss

Interrupts (11)
MMove
Ghhhk
Abyssin Ornament x2
Tallon Roll x2
Twilek x5

Effects (3)
Broken Concentration
He Is Not Ready
Security Precautions '

Strategy: '

Minor update
To ”BB,” thanks for the review, please note that X-Wing Cannons cannot target transport vehicles - ”I assure you we are quite safe from your Cannons here” They can still shoot the TIEs, but oh well ;-)

Haha oops Combat Cloud Cars aren’t ships. Close enough.

OK here’s the deal. You start w/Coruscant and pray your opponent isn’t playing Revolution. Then first turn you pull the Coruscant Docking Bay and drop a Patrol Craft w/a Merc Pilot driving. If you dont draw a Patrol Craft and Merc Pilot it’s a bad luck day for you and you might as well just drop from the tournament. But you should get it. Voila, 4 power and a destiny for 3 force. Then you activate huge force and get the rest of your stuff out.

The rest of the stuff goes like this a cloud sector with a Freak/Patrol Craft on it there (4 power and a destiny). Always save 4 force, if the opponent comes to you drop a Combat Cloud Car (as a react) and react over with another Freak so you’ll draw two destiny.

So you spread out with a Freak/Craft at each sector and each site. Once you get all 3 Clouds out you drain for two at each with the Geeks on the ground, and you drain for 1 at each site on the ground (Honor can eat it because you got the 3 Clouds which you should draw as long as it’s not your bad luck day). You can keep the Geeks as passengers on the Crafts so they dont get shot if a surprise spy attack happens.

Speaking of that, if the opponent does come to the ground with a spy, they’re askin for it. React over until you have 4 ability, and leave a Freak in the clouds, and you’ll draw 3 battle destiny. Should be enough to clear the site.

If not, next turn send Vader or Mara down to clear em out. That’s what these two are in here for. Suicide strikes. You can send em to opponent’s locations too to knock out drains. Just be sure to lose Vader so he doesn’t get Furyed.

Here’s deck matchups
HB Get Sec Precs whenever you feel like it with YCHF. Not too soon though cuz you don’t wanna eat an insert. You got Zuckuss and you got Fett to probe IF they flip.
Otherwise just set up in the clouds/on the ground like always. They’ll probly be anal and drop some guys at the clouds but they’ll die fast with TIEs and TRolls. Dont forget the power and maneuver -2 in the clouds. That’ll help your vehicles overpower them, and give you an extra edge with your TRolls. The LS really doesnt stand a chance in the clouds against this deck.

MWYHL I’m playing 5 Twi’leks, a Broken Concentration, and a He Is Not Ready. If there’s anything else I could do to defend against the evils of Test 1 I am wide open to suggestions. The way I see it though I can get BrokCon out before they can complete test 1 then get He Is Not Ready out following that, and the Great Warrior may never even get off the ground. Plus I can set up and drain at the same time.

Profit I’ll put one of my Maras in the Chamber just to be sporting, then move her over to the Palace and put a Freak/Craft there to drain for 3 (Jade’s Saber) and draw 2 battle destiny with a weapon. Let him rescue Han, I dont care. Set up on my planet and I know he’s gonna have nothing to stop me from draining in the clouds. Ben can’t come to Coruscant and Eloms can suck my Freaks and Geeks dck.

TIGIH Eloms die to this deck. Speeders will be a hassle but I dont care because I’ll still set up and outdrain in the clouds (X-Wings can’t touch me, power 1 oooh). If I feel like it I’ll get Luke (but probly not cuz Vader will get Furious).

New LS obj I’ll fight if I have to but probably just mind my own business and drain in the clouds, what’re they gonna do, Chadra-Fans can’t fly. If they drain for a lot on Tatooine I’ll come over and wreck em.


Last some card explanations for the not-so-bright (if you know how to play SWCCG you can skip this part)

Patrol Crafts are transport vehicles (important) that can go in the clouds. Plus they are power +1 on Coruscant (this includes Clouds when deployed there, trust me). They are enclosed so they protect my scrubby ability=1 guys from weapons.

Merc Pilots are the non-unique alien from JPOTSD, they add a battle destiny when driving a transport vehicle (hello mr. Patrol Craft may I please drive you and add a battle destiny?) and when piloting at a cloud sector they ALSO add a battle destiny at related sites. Yes they can do each once per turn. Oh and they add 2 to power of transport vehicles so now little mr. Patrol Craft who deploys for 1 and looks like a power 1 momma’s boy becomes power 4 and draws battle destiny.

Tibanna Gas Miners, when at a site, add one to drains at related cloud sectors. Yes they do this on all planets, not just bespin They can be stowed away on the 1 passenger capacity of the Patrol Crafts to keep safe.

5 Twileks are mainly in there so I can effectively shut down testing, but what the heck they are recyclable 5s that let me look at what’s in my deck.

Keep in mind the clouds REDUCE STARSHIP’S POWER AND MANEUVER by 2 but not vehicles so when Han shows up piloting the Falcon oh he’s only the same power as one of my Freak/Patrol Craft combos. Plus the Obsidian guys get huge power bonuses in the clouds that outweigh the subtractions and can Tallon Roll ANY SHIP IN THE GAME except the Mini-Falcon, which will easily be overpowered anyway.

Don’t forget to retrieve force with Abyssin Ornament.

And the Bantha is in there because he is EXTREME TECH and if you dont understand him dont knock him. He has to be black-bordered too. He helps to avoid bad luck days but if you play a white-bordered one you are inviting bad luck upon yourself.

And before you tell me that Grimtaash will ruin my deck read up
Grimtaash can SUCK IT cuz I deploy fast early and I’m not stupid during draw phase. If you draw smart you will NEVER lose too much to a Grimtaash, if any at all. Have fun.    '