---
layout: post
author: Jeremy "Degenx" Losee
title: 'The Darker The Deal, The Better'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-22
description: 'Establish Dark Deal and drain away.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective(1)
This deal is getting worse/ Pray I don't alter it further

Locations(9)
Bespin
Bespin: Cloud City
Cloud City: Carbonite Chamber (SL)
Cloud City: Lower Corridor
Cloud City: Upper Plaza Corridor
Cloud City: Chasm Walkway
Cloud City: Interrogation Room
Cloud City: Security Tower (SI)
Cloud City: West Gallery

Characters (17)
Boba Fett (SI)
Lando Calrissian
Mosep
Jodo Kast
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Admiral Ozzel
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith  x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Trooper Davin Felth
Captain Lennox
Lieutenant Cabbel
Lt. Pol Treidun
Officer Evax
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand x2

Starhsips (7)
Lift Tube
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Devastator
OS-72-1 In Obsidian 1
OS-72-2 In Obsidian 2
Boba Fett in Slave I (SI)
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts(8)
Evader
Monnok
Twi'lek Advisor  x3
Any Methods Necessary (SI)
Imperial Barrier  x2

Effects (15)
Bad Feeling Have I
Cloud City Occupation  x2
Dark Deal  x2
All Wrapped Up (SE)
Battle Order
First Strike
Imperial Arrest Order
Reactor Terminal
Secret Plans (SE)
There Is No Try
Crush The Rebellion
There'll Be Hell To Pay  x2
Security Precautions

Weapons (2)
Vader's Lightsaber
Maras Saber 

Strategy: 

Please read the Objective before reviwing.
This deck tries to establish Dark Deal and occupation as quickly as possible. Your opening hand consists of Security Tower(giving you access to Lando anytime), Fett and Fett in Slave I. Fish for Bes:CC when you have the charcters to control the sites. If you draw one CC: Site and one character or Starfighter/Bounyt Hunter In Ship you can have Dark Deal in 3 turns. The Obj gives you secret plans from the start , which is great to slow done or stop retrieval all together and All wrapped up can surprise an unsuspecting opp who foreits around one of your BH. The Immunity to Goo Nee Tay for several charcters is great along with searching your deck for one of 4 cards . You can check your destinies at any time.  To protect yourself on CC I have several means. Imp Barrier prevnts unwanted battles. BFHI adds to the deploy slowing early beatdowns.  Better yet, Let him deploy his mains to Tatooine and throw down Imp arrest order. Unless he brought a docking bay, he can't get in to CC. The forfeit boost is also nice. Mara, Vader and Tarkin can roam the galaxy whil your scrubs drain away on CC with Dark deal and possibly occupation.

Against Profit: They can have Han. Let them deploy Leia or Obi oe whoever slap down IAO and drain away. They might hurt you for 2-3 a turn but your drain total will surpass theirs. Sending your droid BH to capture Han with a Vader or Mara escort is alway helpful. Also

Against HB: Don't deploy Bespin till he flips. when he flips deploy Bespin, probe and sit there to set Occupation. Likewise at Kessel and Kiffex. That should win the drain race, especially when combined with CC Occupation.  Deploy Bes: CC only with a starfighter ready to flip. Throw down dark deal and drain like crazy. Probe with the Bounty Hunters.

Against Revolver/mains: This will slow you down but not stop you. Set up DD ASAP use Crush and Jodo to limit his destiny drawing ability on CC. Don't go to him. Stay on CC. Use the lift tube to react as needed. This deck also makes the mandatory nabrun leids worthless.

Against OPs: Stay away. Use Battle Order to slow them down. Try to outdrain them. Speeder ops/Beatdown is useless as all your sites are interior.

Jedi Testing: This could hurt try to get to Dagobah with the Bus loaded with a	few characters to try to stop the apprentice. I am tryind to add a Broken Concentration or the Faliure at the Cave combo in my deck. The 2 force would be nice in addition to a JT defense. A failure should let you drain big for a few turns hopefully combined with Occupation. Also flipping your objective is recommended in this case also.

Above all, stay focused. Don't try to flip the Objective. Just go for a quick drain race. Be wary of spreading too thin. I am still looking for ways to speed up this deck. Any advice or critiscm is welcome.
