---
layout: post
author: ! Norman "Norman" Horn
title: ! "Norm s You Bet I m Gonna Profit  v 1 0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-01-29
description: ! 'ONLY use this if You Will Profit (new EJP objective) decks are popular in your area.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'
Unknown Type
Dagobah Cave
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Tatooine Lars' Moisture Farm
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Tusken Canyon

Characters (20)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Admiral Motti
Admiral Ozzel
Bane Malar
Boelo
Brangus Glee
Commander Igar
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Djas Puhr
Ephant Mon
General Veers
Grand Moff Tarkin  x2
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Jabba the Hutt
Jodo Kast
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand	x2

Creatures (1)
Bubo

Vehicles (3)
Blizzard 2
Dune Walker
Tempest 1

Starships (6)
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
Executor
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts (14)
Alter  x3
Combat Readiness
Elis Helrot  x2
Sense  x5
Torture  x2
Twi'lek Advisor

Effects (6)
Battle Order
Imperial Decree
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
Tatooine Occupation
There'll Be Hell To Pay

Weapons (1)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber  '

Strategy: '

**Responses to reviews Thanks to Matt Lush for seeing its power.	Mike F you're right I should have added a Wuher and I did have a Monnok in originally but I took it out for another Sense.  Those Rebels Won't Escape Us will be added for the next version, coming out probably today (1/31) or tomorrow.  At least 1 site is going out, probably the Canyon.  Brangus, you could write better reviews if you think its that bad**

As you can see, this will rip Profit decks a new one.

If you face a profit deck, your two aliens should be Mara and Jabba, so that if they start Scramble you should have a destiny, unless they play clash too, but that probably won't hurt and you'll see why.

You start with Tatooine, Combat Readiness, and Jabba's Palace normally.  First turn search for the AC, and Profit is now activating 4 force.  Ouch.  There is another possibility, though.  Should the opponent be playing Tosche tech, you would probably want with CR + Mos Eisley.	Against ANYTHING else though, start JP.

You have so much stuff to take down Profit it's not even funny.  Sense/Alter covers a lot, kills Someone Who Loves You, and is just the good all-purpose stuff.  Walkers for intense power, and BH starships for taking out that Falcon.  Good-bye Han

Characters- Your characters are all quite versatile as pilots and killers.  If playing against a Profit deck, your immediate option is to deploy an alien from reserve once you get AC out.  I would suggest either Boelo or Ephant Mon, since they both kick with Jabba.  ECC and EJP really have a presence in this deck, I'm using almost everybody except the new Dengar and Bossk.

Ships/Vehicles-- basically they are your blue presence.  HB can't survive with all that stuff you're doing to them, plus Occupation loss.  Suicide mains won't even make a dent I think.  Security precautions for back up.	Vehicles are your standard for Tatooine assault.  Brangus, Veers and Igar are your standard pilots (B also works well at the cantina and in space), but Ozzel, Tarkin, and others are good too.

Interrupts- ouch, nothing immune to sense...  But my own SA makes up for it.  No Evaders since Revo isn't prominent and that would not be the focus anyway of a TR deck.  Have some Elis beatdown and another Twi'lek for pulls.

Effects- brought them down to bare minimum.  You have Occupation, BO, SecPre, Secret Plans, and H2Pay, use them wisely-- they are your tech stuff.

Sites- Why is DagCave in there?  Activation, and they can't drain there.  Against MWYHL, they might cancel the icons, but you'll have the D system anyway.  YOU COULD, however, use another system and exchange an effect for Imperial Decree, if Ops is really popular in your area too.  Others are there for draining and such, they all are standard in Tatooine decks.

I repeat, this deck is for PROFIT DECK metas.  I played this against Matt Lush's Profit deck and Profit just fell apart.  I also think it has about an 90% chance of winning against other decks too, but I would ONLY use it in a tourney if Profit decks were VERY POPULAR.	 '