---
layout: post
author: Chris "Wedge231" Wodicka
title: 'MWYHL Test 5 with 7's'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-03-20
description: 'Uses the power of 7's, Test 5, Anger Fear Agressions, Suprise Assaults, and Uncontrollable Fury.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations (7)
Dagobah
Cloud City: Carbonite Chamber
Dagobah: Yoda's Hut
Dagobah: Jungle
Dagobah: Swamp
Dagobah: Bog Clearing
Dagobah: Training Area

Characters (7)
Jeroen Webb
Boussh
Bron Burs
Tawws Khaa
Luke with Lightsaber
Yoda
Orrimaarko

Starships (3)
Tantive IV
Spiral
Lando in Millennium Falcon

Interrupts (15)
Don't Forget the Droids x2
Suprise Assault x5
It Could Be Worse
On The Edge x2
The Signal
Transmission Terminated x2
Grimtaash
Out of Commission

Effects (13)
Wise Advice
What're You Trying to Push On Us x2
Anger, Fear, Agression x3
Uncontrollable Fury
Goo Nee Tay
Battle Plan
Projection of a Skywalker x2
Traffic Control
Stone Pile

Weapons (9)
Intruder Missile x4
Ewok Catapault x5

Jedi Tests (5)
Great Warrior
A Jedi's Strength
Domain of Evil
Size Matters Not
It is the Future You See

Objective:
MWYHL/SYIC 

Strategy: 

This is my first MWYHL deck so please offer as many comments and suggestions as possible.

Always start with Wise Advice for SAC protection, the ability to 'Push' their interrupts for free, and to add 1 to training draws. Set the site like this: Training Area (Test 1), Bog Clearing (Test 2), Jungle (Test 3), Swamp (Test 4), Yoda's Hut (Test 5). This way you can finsih up testing with your dudes at Yoda's Hut to subtract from attrition. I'm testing with EPP Luke cause he's the only Luke I own and I find Boussh to be more effective than DOS. Anyway, don't deploy your guys until the end unless its a really good opportunity. Carbonite Chamber is for a drain 2 battle ground and the ships are there for cause you ned space I guess. The characters all draw destinies by themselves and with test 5 completed with a 7 on it, they're immune to attrition of about 3 with (Yoda at Hut and test 3) and they have +7 power with the destiny. I didn't include Obi cause then I'd have to include Duel protection and stuff like that. I find Boussh very effective because she can block drains (this along with the two Projection of a Skywalkers is a very effective way to shut down drains) and you can deploy her somewhere and break cover whenever you want to. Since you shouldn't be deploying guys very early, use Anger, Fear, Aggression, and Uncontrollable Fury to deal force loss and use Suprise Assaults along with your 7's to deal some additional force loss here and there. Battle Plan should handle the drains along with Boussh, Test 1, and the two Projections while Goo Nee Tay makes it expensive for them to deploy big guns on you and Out of Commission is a good recyclable 5 destiny. Grimtaash is for the stupid multiple decks and Traffic Control can recycle your high destinies and then you track them and use them with Suprise Assault, testing, and/or On the Edge. Push's will deploy for free and they can keep those annoying interrupts from recycling and from being used for free. Transmission Terminated is for Visage and On the Edge (with test 5) along with the objective will provide good retrieval. Watch out for Secret Plans and Come Here You Big Coward though.  