---
layout: post
author: ! Stephen "Mad Dog" Moriarty
title: ! "Endor Ops  Speed Drains  Crazy Activation v 1 0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-17
description: ! 'This deck has good activation, speed draining and good battling.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost

Starting (7)

Endor
Endor Bunker
Endor Landing Platform
Prepared Defenses
You Cannot Hide Forever
Mobilization Points
Battle Plan

Locations (5)

Kiffex
Kessel
Sullust
Kashyyk
Wakeelmiu

Characters (12)

Lord Vader x2
Mara Jade
Dr. Evazan x2
Dannik Jericho
Commander Merjek x2
Ephant Mon x2
Baron Sontiir Fel
DS-181-4

Starships (19)

Drednaught x3
Tie Interceptor x7
Tie Vanguard x4
Saber 1
Scythe 1
Saber 4
Emperors Sword
Emperors Shield

Interrupts (7)

All Power to Weapons x3
Short-Range Fighters x2
Alter x2

Effects (6)

Ominous Rumors
Perimiter Patrol
Sienar Fleet Systems x2
Resistence
Dreaded Imperial Starfleet

Weapons (3)

Vader’s Lightsaber
Dr. Evazan’s Blaster
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber '

Strategy: '

Ok this deck is a incredibly fast deck and has been Undefeated at tournaments so far...

First turn you activate your force and you probably get 2 ties and at least 1 system. You deploy 2 Tie’s that turn to endor and deploy Ominous Rumors also and a guy at Bunker. They usually will not have anyguys the first turn so don’t be afraid to deploy the ties because opponent will never deploy anything against you because they will expect you to have All Power to Weapons in your hand and be strong. 2nd turn you drain for 4 at Endor then you deploy Ephant Mon to Bunker and pull a system with Merjek. You deploy 2 more ties their and draw the rest. Next turn you drain for 6 and deploy Drednaught’s to both sites, (You activate Mad force) you also should deploy Vader and his lightsaber to DB and deploy a system with Merjek (Also Perimiter Patrol will be out because you can take it with You cannot hide forever. 4th turn you drain for 10 and activate like 18 force. So you deploy more ties at Endor and Deploy Mara to DB. Now you are setup and powerfull. This is only 5th turn also. This deck is really fast and doesn’t have many weaknesses. If opponent happens to cancel your drain Bonuses you still drain for a good amount because most of the sites are 2/2 locations.

You also can hold the Docking Bay because you have Vader, Jade, Jericho, Evazan.  With the weapons they will never come to you because you hit opponent with a weapon then operate on them, then place them out of play, who would want to come to your then.

Hidden Base decks are always destroyed by this deck because i drain for more then they do and they never will win in battles.  All Power to Weapons is way overpowering.  Also I have SFS which makes me retrieve more then they do.

'