---
layout: post
author: ! Joe "arebelspy" Olson
title: ! "The Deck From Heck v2 1"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-05-05
description: ! "This is the Deck that I used to win WA States, only updated. This version of Juz's Revenge includes the tons of feedback I got from commenters."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (7)
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Endor Chief Chirpa's Hut
Farm
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Rendezvous Point
Swamp
Yavin 4 Massassi Throne Room

Characters (18)
8D8  x3
Artoo  x3
Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2
Luke With Lightsaber  x3
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x3
Orrimaarko
R2-X2 (Artoo-Extoo)
R5-M2 (Arfive-Emmtoo)
Tawss Khaa

Creatures (2)
Nudj  x2

Starships (7)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Gold Squadron Y-wing
Lando In Millennium Falcon
Red Leader In Red 1
Red Squadron X-wing
Spiral
Tantive IV

Interrupts (9)
Careful Planning
Effective Repairs
Endor Celebration
The Signal  x3
Transmission Terminated  x3

Effects (17)
Anger, Fear, Aggression  x2
Bacta Tank  x2
Battle Plan
Demotion
Do, Or Do Not
Draw Their Fire
Never Tell Me The Odds	x4
Traffic Control
Wars Not Make One Great
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?  x2
Wise Advice '

Strategy: '

Oops. Forgot to add Tibrin (battle ground for battle plan, plus grabs #s back). I'd dump a signal, but thats because this area has so much HuntDown. If that is not popular in your area, dump a trans. term.

BTW no one plays resistance (at least in this area), and when I have faced resistance, I won anyway. Mains occupy BGs all the time, and to the idiot who thought I couldn't occupy a BG unless I get my Tibrin I start w/ a BG. Move a Nudj from his site, stick Tawss Khaa down, #s total is still 13, and I occupy a BGfor resistance.

This deck is SOLID. It covers all fronts, and is teched out to kick ass

I got a lot of feedback on my last version of this deck, so I modified it to include the feedback. It was pretty unanamous that I needed some grabbers, and a few said add more ships. I also added demotion (stick on Navy Trooper Vesden...booyah)

Fairly easy to use. Get #s and AFAs running, throw down an epp, battle free, retrieve 1, they lose 1, hit 1 of their guys, take out another w/ attrition, lose EPP to tank (to keep #s total up). Rinse and repeat. All the Comments I got on the last version were implemented, so you all should like this version.

-Joe   '