---
layout: post
author: ! Brody "Short_Punk" Hughes
title: ! "Hunt Down Brody/s Way, Final"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-09
description: ! 'I listened to suggestions and decided to post this one. I love it. It rocks. See for yourself.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(7)
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe
Epic Duel (to trick them)
Executor Meditation Chamber
Executor Holotheatre
Visage Of The Emperor (my only one)
Twi'lek Advisor
Bad Feeling Have I (of course, depending on what they start)

Locations(8)
Endor (nice drain)
Kashyyyk (ditto)
Kiffex (ditto)
Tatooine Lars' Moisture Farm (drain and weapon draws each +1, bg)
Tatooine Jabba's Palace (bg)
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber (to get out an alien, bg)
Endor Dark Forest (drain, bg)
Endor Forest Clearing (drain, bg)

Characters(20)
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
2x Darth Vader With Lightsaber
2x Grand Moff Tarkin
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
Commander Igar (awesome on Tempest 1)
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
Jabba The Hutt (i don't know)
Boelo (cancels destiny)
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle (bang)
Dannik Jerriko (Mmm, Mmm, Better)
Bane Malar
Dengar With Blaster Carbine (bang, bang)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle (no reviving Ben)
IG-88 With Riot Gun (capture, add destiny)
Dr. Evazan (Dark Strike with power and forfeit)
Danz Borin (Awesome guy, adds 3 to power of whatever)

Weapons(2)
Vader's Lightsaber
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Vehicles(2)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2

Starships(6)
2x Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Dengar In Punishing One
Bossk In Hound's Tooth

Effects(9)
2x Presence Of The Force (activation, make bg, drain bonus)
Reactor Terminal (stack and drop)
There'll Be Hell To Pay (grab me baby, grab me)
Come Here You Big Coward (hurts RTP retrieval)
There Is No Try (I have a very small SAC, so I have to make up for it)
Oppressive Enforcement (I hate big SAC)
Battle Order (battle 4 free, expensive drain)
Broken Concentration (kill MWYHL, screw up set destinies)

Interrupts(6)
2x Torture (I hate Odds so much, nice destiny too)
2x Elis Helrot (jump, jump, jump around)
Twi'lek Advisor (jerk out effects)
Sniper (shoot somebody) '

Strategy: '

Sorry, if there were errors, I had to use Notepad.

This deck is a machine. I love it. Of course you can start whatever effect you see fit. I have made notes of the cards you may be clueless about.

Vs. HB Drain on the ground, Battle Order, and Probe with the ships. Not a really hard game.

Vs. Numbers Torture them.

Vs. Profit Easy game, Start Mara Jade and Boelo. Pray for an early Palace and convert their site. Place Han out with Jerriko if you can.

Vs. New RTP Place Leia out of play with Jerriko and then drain and battle.

Vs. TrM Dominate space, Battle Order, and Jerriko to out of play mains. Battle them a lot too.

Vs. Operatives Battle Order, battle them, drain them, and smack them around.

Vs. other stuff Battle and drain, place out of play, etc,...

I guarantee, I have forgotten something because it's right on the edge of my mind. Just tell me and I'll post it.


'