---
author: Chris "Wedge231" Wodicka
title: 'SFS Beatdown'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-10
description: 'Standard TIE deck plus some cool suprises.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective:
SYCFA/TUPINTU

Locations (10):
Death Star
Death Star: Docking Bay
Alderaan
Wakeelmui
Death Star: War Room
Kessel
Endor
Sullust
Kashyyyk
Asteroid Field

Characters (2):
U-3PO
Merrejk

Starships (18):
Death Star Assault Squadron
Emperors Sword
Emperors Shield
TIE Interceptor x9
TIE Vanguard x3
Dreadnaught x3

Weapons (2):
SFS L-s 9.3 Laser Cannons x2 (from SE)

Interrupts (13):
Flawless Marksmenship
Relentless Pursuit
Twilek Advisor x2
All Power To Weapons x3
Short Range Fighters
Ghhhk
Masterful Move
Shocking Revelation
Ommni Box
Prepared Defenses

Effects (14):
Sienar Fleet Systems
Dreaded Imperial Starfleet
Come Here You Big Coward
Secret Plans
Oppressive Enforcement
Mobilization Points
There Is No Try
He Is Not Ready
Broken Concentration
Ability, Ability, Ability
Pride of the Empire
Reactor Terminal
Grabber x2


Strategy: 

This is my TIE deck. I haven’t used it in a tournament but in testing it is 5-1. Sure, it is fairly weak on ground but it can hold the D* docking bay with Merrejk and you react with a TIE squadron or your forfeit him and get him back. Also don’t tell me I’ll Take The Leader will hurt because I have gotten by that in the past. I shoot up some of their guys and play Relentless Pursuit on the others. Here is a basic rundown:

Locations: 3 drain 2 systems and Kessel for cheap deploy. The war room is for activation, you can toss it for Kiffex because I don’t own Kiffex but it would be in here if I had it. The asteroid field can cancel drains, give me somewhere to run to, and can get cards back into my deck. Wakeelmui and the other places are necassary for this deck.

Characters: Merrejk pulls systems, that is just there to speed up the deck. U-3PO cancels a drain, one of the best cards right now for space decks.

Ships: TIE Interceptors rock with up to 7 power each. Vanguards can have your ships react or just use them for asteroid field or to fulfill Battle Plan. Dreadnaughts help me get from place to place and boost TIE power. Watch for landing claws though. The Emperor squadrons can react and let me retrieve 3 force with SFS. The DS Assault Squadron is for beatdowns. Watch for Uncontrollable Fury though.

Weapons: These weapons kick butt. They are same as X-wing Cannons basically. Take out new Wedge in ship, Tycho, Tala guys, Falcon, or anyone else.

Interrupts: Twileks get effects out faster. Short Range Fighters is for retrieval, do not use it for its other use because they will Sense it or grab it. All Power to Weapons can get out TIE’s or add to their power. Relentless Pursuit is counterpart to Power Pivot. Use it on Mon Calamari ships or ships with matching pilots. Ghhhk is to lure them into a beatdown. Flawless Marksmenship helps you take out the Falcon with yuor guns. Don’t tell me it is a waste of space, I have used this card in 4 of my 6 games so far.

Effects: Everything here is self explanatory. Either slows down retrieval, SAC, abusive cards, or training. I hate SAC, training, abusive cards, and huge retrieval so that is why I pack most of those cards. Ability x3 and Pride of the Empire is for direct damage. Dreaded Imperial Starfleet cancels drains and SFS is for retrieval.

Vs all decks just set up for beatdown. Make them commit first with either Ghhhk/Lone TIE or something similar. Spread and drain in space and use retrieval. Cancel drains with Dreaded Imperial Fleet and U-3PO. Very easy to play but fairly effective.

- Wedge231
http://tosche.swccgnews.com 