---
layout: post
author: ! Adam "General Solo" Prosak
title: ! "I wonder who they found"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-01-10
description: ! "Han and Chewie wanted nothing more than to escape from the Death Star and collect their money.  But I wonder who they found next."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objectives (1)
Rescue the Princess

Locations (7)
Death Star Detention Block Corridor
Death Star Docking Bay
Yavin 4 Docking Bay
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room
Hoth Echo Command Center
Dagobah Yoda's hut
RendezVous Point

Characters (16)
Leia Organa (start)
EPP Leia
EPP Han x2
ECC Chewbacca x2
EPP Luke
Obi-Wan Kenobi
8D8 x4
R2-D2
R-3PO
C-3PO
Bothan Spy

Starship/Vehicles (6)
Lando in Falcon
Tantine IV
Lift Tube x2
Swoop x2

Interupts (20)
The Signal
How Did We Get Into This Mess? x7
Tunnel Vision x4
Nabrun Leids x2
Were You Looking for Us?
Life Debt
I Know
Lift Tube Escape x2
Strangle

Effects (10)
I Wonder who they Found (start)
That's One
Count Me In
Cell 2187
Death Star Plans x2
Order to Engage
Bacta Tank
Battle Plan
Traffic Control '

Strategy: '

I Know you're thinking 'How does this guy have the nerve to play the worst combo in Endor outside of covert Landing?'  The Han/Chewie/Leia combo is very devastating in this RTP deck.  Count Me In gets under the Crush the Rebellion thing and is great for setting up game winning battles.  RTP allows you start with Leia on the table and the most important effect on the table, I wonder who they found.  This is a good card even without the Han/Chewie/Leia thing because it is a search engine.

The first thing you have to do is flip.  Without it you have no Han/Chewie/Leia tandem (the 'combo') and it does all sorts of neat things.  Death Star plans, removing Vader from play, +2 attrition, +1 force to drain, all good.  The easiest way to rescue Leia is 8D8, although Strangle (particularily for Iggy) and Cell 2187 are possible.  8D8 also serves as a droid for HDWGITM and is high destiny to boot.  Because it kickstarts the deck, 4 is nessacary.  If you don't get one, use a search card to check for them in your force pile and use Tunnel Vision to get one if need be.  Then play HDWGITM to get sites, Han, Chewie, and Lift Tubes/Swoops(better than Rontos) for transportation.  Once you rescue Leia, retrieve 4 force and get her to the War Room safely.  Presto flippo.

Now you go battle.  Kill sombody that can mess up your combo with Luke and Obi.  Retrieve when you can with D*Plans (Secret Plans will hurt here, save force).	When you have it(shouldn't be hard with Tunnel Vision/HDWGITM), go wreck havoc with the Han/Chewie/Leia attirtion machine.  You can jump them with nabrun(doubtful), follow them with swoops, or damage them with Order To Engage.  In space, you can shuttle your characters up to one of your ships (han can still be a passenger on Lando In Falcon) and Order to Engage them to death.  If a part of your combo has to die, choose Han and either retrieve with D*Plans, use Bacta Tank or deploy the other copy.	Drawing 14-30 in attrition (immune to CtR and Tarkin might I add) is devastating.  If you have the opponent running from this, you'll win.

Premiere C-3PO is so neglected. Endor Threepio is better in most decks, but I needed to put him in at least one deck that I made.  he's cheaper than Endor Threepio and still has the bonus with HDWGITM, and he adds to the overflow when with your combo.  He still adds a destiny with Chewie and allows R2-D2 to cover a Masterful Move in attrition, somthing never to be overlooked.  That little forfeit bonus has saved my combo on more than one occasion.  Btw, this is my first all black border deck but I decided to put in one of my countless WB C-3PO's in my deck even though I do have a BB one.  WB C-3PO always gets a laugh.

Any deck than can easily incorporate HDWGITM should.  If it's not grabbed, multiples can singlehandedly carry an experienced player to victory.  Tracking destinies and finding answers is that much easier with this card. '