---
layout: post
author: Alfred "ThaBraHmaBuL" Dong
title: 'The Brahma Bulls New Age LS'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-06
description: ! 'Ladies and Gents, my current LS for your viewing pleasure.....'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start

Hidden Base/Slipping Fingers
Mon Calimari
Rendezvous Point
Strike Planning
Insurrection
Staging Areas
Heading for Redemption

Locations

Home One Docking Bay
Home One War Room
Hoth War Room
Yodas Hut
Endor
Cloud City Lower Corridor

Characters

Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x3
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Obi-Wan w/ stick x2
Captain Han Solo
Han w/ Big Gun
Leia w/ Long Gun x2
General Calrissian
General Crix Madine
Melas
Colonel Cracken
Lt. Blount
Chewie of Kashyyyk
Corporal Beezer
Orrimaarko

Weapons

Lukes Lightsaber x2

Starships

Home One
Millenium Falcon(OG style) x2
Spiral
Tantive

Interrupts

Sense x6
Alter x3
Lost in the Wilderness x2
Weapon Levitation x2
Skywalkers
Gift of the Mentor
A Few Manuvers x2
Insertion Planning x2


Effects

Your Insights Serve You Well
Order to Engage
Battle Plan






'

Strategy: '

To answer a few questions

Ok, Ive commited to using Dagobah, and youre right, it does work a little better with it that without it. Took out the zeros all too quickly, which is nice. Add it in there if you feel you need it.

Ounee Taa also works great here, as itll knock off None Shall Pass to the Lost Pile against My Kind of Scum, and that one important card you get back can win you the game.

If numbers are any kind of a factor in your area, you can always start Your Insights in place of Strike Planning....since Insights can grab Strike, its not too big a problem or damper on your plans.


As a response to some reviews

FETT
You dont need to use 12 docking bays to use Staging Areas. One or two is good, spread too thin and Mara will pay you a happy little visit. If youre uncomfortable with early Force gen with Crix, then take out Staging and replace with Your Insights Serve You Well. As for the Home One War Room, I like it when Home One comes down for 7 and gets as big as the Executor.....dont you?

PEACECRAFT
Wheres DS gonna go nowadays? Endor is all exterior, as is alot of Tatooine. Cloud City is an exception, but Dark Deal you should be able to handle regardless. You dont need to get them outside to win. THINK before you review.



Strategy


Ok, heres the gist if you all cant see it.....this is a HB Fakeout deck with a Scouts twist to it. Its lost only 3 games in the past 20 Ive played with it, so I must be doing something right.

Every game, doesnt matter what you play vs., you ALWAYS grab both your generals using Strike Planning on thier turn. On yours, grab a docking bay with Insurrection, and grab Endor with your Objective if its there too. Drop Crix to the Dbay, and now youre guaranteed 8 force to work with for most of the game.

Use Crix to grab your Scouts(every scout but Luke and Orri can be grabbed), and use them to win you battles with Insertion Planning....this card is awesome....used 6, anti-speeder bikes, destiny -3 for opponent is too good not to use. I always grab Blount first since hes cheaper than Cracks, and hes anti-ISB, with that spy ability in case your opponent tries leaving scrubs around Dbays for activation. He’ll also cancel Visage early so he should always be the first one you pull.

BHBM decks with SAC will have some competition because you can OUT-SAC them. Win the war, youll win the game....most DS players dont see a Sense/Alter heavy LS deck coming thier way, so use this to your advantage. Most players prep for HB when seeing this deck, and theyll do things a little differently then if they knew it was mains....usually they mess up, and you can use that against them too.

Why I use certain cards


Obi-Wan Kenobi OG kenobi is for immunity and if I see one of those new Objectives. Skrillings and Abbyssins you can move away once per battle, which helps a great deal.  EPP Obis are for the sake that I dont have room for his sticks, and Id like to get chops in with him every time he comes down.

Lost in the Wilderness This is a game breaker. This will easily win you games vs Hunt Down and BHBM that come down early and drain 2nd-3rd turn. If you can get Vader missing in these Vader intensive decks, and throw down your guys to hold the site Vader got missing at, its your game. Just SAC thier SAC if they try to Sense it.

Weapon Lev I HATE Lord Vader.....hes downright cheesy when he has his stick, so gack it from him. You can also use this as a used 4 to look for Lukes stick, or to cancel YABeaten if you dont have a Sense early.

A Few Manuvers I also hate TIE Cannons. The Falcon is already pretty hard to knock off, but its annoying when they do hit it....make sure they miss with this, and track that 6 for your next battle.

CC Lower Corridor This was always a great spot for the LS to hang out, and it wins games when youre in need for a good BG to drain at.


What to do vs....


Hunt Down Cancel Visage fast with Blount and some scrub to help him(usually Lando). Lost in the Wilderness, Weapon Lev and Isertion Planning should win you the game....just come down and fight Vader, throw all your Senses at the duelers if he plays dueling. You give him no force, so early on, hes starving for some....if he throws Vader or Emporer alone, go for a Scout beatdown.

BHBM Be careful where you throw Luke, wait till he deploys Vader first and then drop Luke elsewhere if you can. Obi-Wan should be Circle-free if you save your Senses for it. Battle smart, and watch out for Insignificant Rebellion, because if they get enough they will cross Luke. Try and use Weapon Lev and Lost in the Wilderness early to get your stuff going and win some early battles.....if you can keep your guys on table, and kill his, youll win.

Court Never drop too early on them. You get alot more activation than they do, so take your time. Alter Scum every chance you get, and Sense all thier funny interrupts and such. Battle them out of the AC, and the game is yours.....if they take the battle outside where you can use Insertion, its over. Aim all your weapons at the bounty hunters because they get boosted forfeit and they can grab the guys you lose.

TIEs The most annoying of them all, but you can win. Set up early and let him make the first move. Throw down and beat him down at that one system and go from there. Sense thier All Powers even if they have TiNTry and Oppressive out, you lose 2 but theyll lose thier TIEs which will let you win in the long run. Just use this rule when you go into space vs. TIEs Never go up without an Alter, so you can cancel Lateral. No Lateral, no serious beatdown, no one turn kills. You can also set up at the Lower Corridor and drain there if you get it.

That about covers it. This is a good LS deck that wins.....its fast, it activates, and people dont see it coming, which is always a plus. If you want, you can sub the Manuvers for Tawss and Bacta Tank....but I prefer the trackable 6s to win those key battles. Add Ounee Ta if Raltiir still exists in your area. Have fun with it, and give me some REASONABLE comments that MAKE SENSE....thanks.

Alfred Dong
The Brahma Bull

'