---
author: Johan "Johan" van der Meer
title: Supersounds of the '70
side: Dark
date: 2000-03-09
description: Main goal is to make/lure the opponent into deploying mains, which you battle away with high power for a low force cost. In the process you can retrieve like mad, and 'move along' a Luke or other main.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting (8)
Carbon Chamber Testing/My Favorite Decoration
Cloud City: Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City: Security Tower
Carbonite Chamber Console
Surface Defense
There Is No Try
Secret Plans
Resistance

Characters (26)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Ak-rev x2
Barquin D'an
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Boelo
Brangus Glee
Dodo Bodonawieedo
Greeta x2
IG-88 With Riot Gun
J'Quille
Jabba x2
Kithaba
Lirin Car'n
Lyn Me
Mara Jade
Nizuc Bek x2
Rappertunie
Rystall
Sy Snootles
Tech Mo'r
Umpass Stay x2

Starships (5)
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Jabba's Space Cruiser
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Locations (4)
Cloud City: East Platform
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94
Tatooine: Cantina

Interrupts (9)
Elis Helrot x2
Imperial Barrier x2
Tarkin's Orders
Twi'lek Advisor x2
Stunning Leader
Unexpected Interruption

Effects (8)
Ability, Ability, Ability
Battle Order
First Strike
Scum And Villainy x2
Search And Destory
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay



Strategy: 

This is an older deck, but has been modified a bit to include/deal with ECC and EJP...

When you play musicians, you can do Court, but CCTesting is still better. It gets the Audience Chamber for you, gives a prisoner (the ultimate lure), and you can start with Surface Defense to get out the 3 protective effects. No fuss with Chall Bekan and Engineer...

What makes this deck tick is getting S&V out and Greeata on your Audience Chamber, so your musicians are deploy -2, forfeit +3 everywhere, AND you retrieve 2 force each battle. Lure/make the opponent deploy stuff with Search&Destroy and Ability^3.

There are 13 musicians:
Ak-Rev. Gets musicians from reserve to hand. Substracts 1 attrition.
Umpass-Stay. Gives power +2 to all other musicians and some immunity.
Greaata. deploy -1, forfeit +3 to all musicians. Gets Rodians from reserve to hand.
Dodo Bodonawieedo. A Rodian.
Lyn Me. Reduces opponents power and bounty hunter deploy cost (Boba is free)
Sy Snootles. Gets J'Quile from reserve to same site.
Kithaba. Power 7 vs Obi. 6 vs Luke.
Barquin D'an. Initiates wagers.
Rystall retrieves force and makes somone forfeit=0.
Tech M'or. He's Tech.
Rappertunie. Power 3 and makes someone power=0.
Lirin Car'n. Increases character deploy and move cost to same site.
Yuzzum. Ugly. Good on Endor, though, but stinks elsewhere so he isn't in here.


Against Mains&Toys (Tosche, Fake HB, Test No.2)

Get Audience chamber with S&V, Jabba, Ak-Rev, Greeata. Seal it off with Lirin Car'n. Make them deploy their characters with AAA. Then beat them up with the musicians for heavy battle damage. You're going to need Elis Helrot. I have yet to see a dedicated Mains&Toys deck with Insurrection.


Hidden Base with Xwings, other ships, Kessel Run etc....

Get Audience chamber with S&V, Greeata, Ak-Rev. Get Battle Plan and then Sec Precautions. Just load your ships with some Musicians, who are now the perfect forfeit fodder. For eventual Clack D'or 7 HB decks use Mara + Jabba's Space Cruiser as a 'spy' ship or ZIMH (if Rebel Barrier is heavy, add Blast Door Controls). Search&Destroy is nice here. Watch out for Xwing Laser Cannon... probe after the flip. If Obi or Luke (or both...) are deployed, use musicians to do some heavy battle damage.


Uprising/Liberation

Well, get Audience chamber with S&V and Greeata, Ak-Rev and just battle them away right from the start. Make 2 or 3 battle-parties, exclude/move along the ops, it doesn't matter if the battledamage is houjixed because all you care about is to battle plenty and often and thereby retrieve force each battle and wipe sites clean every battle.


Profit

Ahem... this will be fun. Start Ability^3, Jabba and Ak-Rev. First turn search a musician with Ak-Rev (for example Rappertunie if there's no Battle Order on table), convert the Audience Chamber, and search (with YOUR Audience Chamber) Boelo or EPP Fett or something. Your first turn you have a fully equipped Audience Chamber WITH Ability^3 out.From there just save Musicians into hand, try to get Scum & Villainy and fortify the A. Chamber a bit more. Then use 'normal' Mains&Toys approach.


There's alot of 'tech' in here: Brangus is power 4 in Cantina and can excange docking bays for top card in your lost pile that have just been cancelled or lost (get that forfeited ZIMH or calcelled Elis back...), Stunning Leader causes all characters with ability <3 to be excluded from a battle Very nice if your opponent has Wegde, Figrin or Chewie at some site... makes their backup useless. Or it can be used defensively against some EPP strike in your 'Chamber. Jabba in Space Cruiser = great. , In the cantina, your aliens are each power +1... the ultimate 'lure'. But S&V and First Strike both on table is just awesome.	