---
layout: post
author: ! Adam "General Solo" Prosak
title: ! 'The real Slim Shady'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-15
description: ! 'I'm slim shady yes I the real slim shady all you other slim shady's....'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objectives (1)
Imperial Occupation

Locations (10)
Yavin 4
Jungle
Swamp
Desert
Forest
Death Star
Coruscant
Dagobah Cave
Hoth Ice Plains
Hoth Wampa Cave

Characters (15)
Darth Vader, DLOTS x3
Mara Jade, TEH x3
IG-88 w/Riot Gun
Dr. Evazan
Chief Retwin x2
Defel x4
JAWA

Creatures (1)
Bubo

Weapons (4)
Vader's Lightsaber x2
Mara Jade's Lightsaber x2

Starships (5)
Executor
Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Dengar In Punishing One

Interupts (13)
Twi-lek Advisor x2
Surface Defense
Masterful Move
Ghhk x3
You Are Beaten
Point Man x2
Shut Him Up or Shut Him Down
Abyssin Ornament

Effects (11)
Resistance
There Is No Try
Secret Plans
BAttle Order
Come Here You Big Coward
Reactor Terminal
Imperial Decree
Rebel Base Occupation
Sunsdown x2
Sandwhirl '

Strategy: '

Strategy edit
For those who think that this deck doens't have enough characters, have you ever faced DLOTS or Mara with their sabers and YAB and Dr.E.  This is not hard to setup and VAder/Mara by themselves are huge and often stay around for a battle.
Yes Frozen Assets is a weakness, but that's played less than 7 Revo decks, so I'll jsut accept the risks and if I see it, i'll use the jawa strategy.
Extra ships, got any suggestions?  I do need them, but I need mega good ships and 2 of my ships can hold off anything but an X-Wing Laser show
This deck is auto win against so many net decks it isn't even funny.

Start Occupation for Y4 and Swamp and Surface Defense all three effects.  Twi-lek for Sunsdown and later Sandwhirl, Decree, and Occupation when you can.  Get Defel and Chief Retwin to Y4 and hide whenever they try to battle (ghhk as backup).  Use ships ONLY to defend Y4 (for Occupation and Battle Order) and Use Vader, Mara and company either to defend Y4 or to attack heavy drain sites.  Never use your mains to seek battle damage or simply to drain, it often backfires.  Oh yeah and cancel OtEngage with Point Man, this deck hates OtEngage.

This deck activates something like a Rops deck, only better with fewer locations.  You start with more activation and you can search for a 1-1 site every turn, allowing you to draw into your twix locations.	I don't need alot to deploy but I do need to draw more than most decks (setup Sunsdown/Defel thing) and I do need force to hide.  I've never had a problem with Revos because I activate decently from y4 and I have Decree and Defel to help counter Revo.  My dropstrikes rarely consist of more than 2 characters (usually just Vader or Mara) so I don't need a whole bunch of force for deploying but rather I need to save 5 or more every turn to hide.

A Jawa? wtf?  Yeah, the only LS deck that can fight on the ground against Sandwhirl is Speeder Ops, in which case you dont' use the Jawa.  It only deploys to the desert when Sandwhirl is active.  I;ve won games where I've occupied, and drained only with the Jawa and with the ships.  A secondary target for the Abyssin Ornaments.  Jawas rule.

vs. TRmains- yeah right.  Bubo loves to eat Nudjs and Decree can hold off revos.  If they commit Han or Leia (super falcon), setup occupation.	If they revo one of your twix locations and Decree is inactive, drop Mara and a Defel to the the revod site and maek them feel pain.   No deck kills TRmains like this

Hidden Base- Faulke or swarm, your toughest matchup.  I really want to add Search and Destroy and/or the ceremonial necklace.  But I don't see enough of Hidden Base to use a precious card slot.  I can't belive I didn't add Security Precautions, but I never wished I had it.  Load up everything at y4 and occupy.  Who cares about the claw, they usually can't occupy a site.  Against Faulke, wait with the mains and get OtEngage off the table.  Fast.  The (dis)apperance Bacta Tank is usually the key.

Profit- the only game when you setup unchallenged.  Kill Han and you win.  Start Mara and the doctor and move them to JP for a good drain of 3.  While they worry about that and flipping, you setup Occupation.  If all else fails, send the Jawa at them.  I did that once but Massa Luke popped him back to my hand.  Oh well, scrap the jawa strategy.

ops- start Battle Order instead of of the other stuff.	Mara and Vader visit alone and battle and drain a little.  Keep Ghhk handy.

This deck is tight on deck space and I want to add a bunch of cards.

S&D, Organa's Ceremonial Necklace, and Security Precations- makes this autowin against HB, but limited use against other decks (except MWYHL)
Crossfire- screws flaps and s-foils, but I don't play aginst them.  Luxury when I can't afford it.
another Twi-lek and Shocking Info- good search engines and tracking, but these two cards were the fat I cut from the deck.
A Control or 4  keeps everything intact, but I can't cut another 4 cards

Regarding
Tarkin  he is so bad, worthless with Vader and a good way to make LS blasters useful.	He sucks, even with Vader
SAC protection  I want to add Controls in the worst way, There Is No Try is starting and many decks outside or TRmains(which i crush.	I really do), I see little SAC.
the Jawa  He's cuter than an Ewok.  He stays.  (Hi Queen Jawa)
Clint Hays  another premptive you suck ass for giving me a 1/2 star rating
The deck's name-  I don't like M&M (eminem) but his video has a part where there is a TV that is showing the humping rhino video that is near and dear to my heart.

they got the Discovery channel, don't they?
'