---
layout: post
author: Andy "RexBanner7" Klema
title: 'Bomb Track'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-08
description: ! 'Well, Ive taken to naming my decks for Rage Against the Machine songs, so that explains the title. Other than that, this is a Chandra Fan deck.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting 8
Agents in the Court
Tatooine Hutt Trade Route
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Yarna
Do Or Do Not
Wise Advice
Uh-Oh
Heading for the Medical Frigate

Locations 7
Farm
Jabba’s Palace Antechamber
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace
Tatooine Judland Wastes
Tatooine Lars Moisture Farm
Tatooine Mos Eisley

Starships 3
Home One
Independence
Spiral

Characters 29
Ben Kenobi
Bothan Spy
Boushh
Chandra Fan x8
Chewie with Gun
Han with Gun x2
Kabe x3
Lando with Axe
Leia with Gun
Luke with Saber x2
Major Haash’n
Master Luke
Obi Wan with Saber x2
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Tessek x2

Effects 5
Bargaining Table x2
Bo Shuda
Sandwhirl
What’re You Tryin to Push on Us

Interrupts
Choke
Clash of Sabers
Nabrun Leids
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes x3
The Signal
You Will Take Me to Jabba Now
'

Strategy: '

Well, this is another non-unique deck from me. What seperates this from most Chandra Fan decks is that this deck is based mostly on mains instead of Chandra Fans. True, there are a good amount of cards devoted to the little rats, but the mains cards went in first, leaving the Fans to act as support characters, and damn good support characters at that. An extra destiny to power, cancelling two destinies (Bargaining Table and the objective), retrieval, plus damn good power and forfeit when Kabe’s at the Chamber, and both he and Tessek will get there. This deck can battle like hell, or drain like hell. It can adapt to your opponents strategy. Against a dark side mains deck, or big blue, it can out battle anyone. Against a drain deck like Dark Deal, it can out drain them, primarily because of your ability to cancel drains and to retrieve. Here are some card choices

Choke amazing tech in a non-unique deck. Takes away Ephant Mon’s gametext so he can feel the spy beatdown. Also is necessary if Ephant Mon makes it to the chamber before Kabe. Useful for taking away any aliens gametext. Great card.

You Will Take Me to Jabba Now essential to getting Kabe and Tessek out on the table. Also useful for setting up a beatdown at Jabba’s site, acting as a mini-Nabrun.

Nabrun Leids Speaking of which. One is just enough in this deck. Any more would be stupid because so many people play IAO, but you just can’t pass up the opportunity for a beatdown.

Sandwhirl Great for catching your opponent off guard, especially if he puts key characters there, like Vader in a HuntDown deck.

Only one Ben Kenobi? Didn’t have the room for his sabers, so didn’t add anymore. Plus it’s not a good idea if this deck needs to act as a beatdown deck.

Why the ship selection? Haash’n on either Mon Cal IS a system. It is enough to get around Battle Order, which is essential against TIEs, and can also be used for beatdown if they spread to thin. It’s all that is necessary since I can beat space decks because of my drain cancelling.

Why no dueling protection? Cuz a good player will beat me anyway. I’m not going to devote cards to a lost cause. There’s a spy to deal with Visage, and that’s the important part.

Well that’s about it. If you have any questions about the deck, I’ll be happy to answer them. Also, please leave constructive comments, whether your reviews are good or bad. Good luck and enjoy. '