---
layout: post
author: ! Adam "General Solo" Prosak
title: ! 'Tough to Kill'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-03-17
description: ! 'Profit deck with immunity to attrition to keep characters on the table to keep Profit damage consistent'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objectives (1)
Profit/Destroyed

Locations (9)
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber (start)
Tatooine Jabba's Palace (start)
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Cantina
Hoth Echo Base War Room
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
RendezVous Point
Tatooine x2

Characters (16)
Captain Han Solo (start)
Han w/Heavy Blaster
Leia w/Blaster Rifle x2
Master Luke x3
Ben Kenobi x3
Lando w/Blaster
Chewie w/Blaster
Harc Seff
Tawss Khaa
Artoo x2

Starships (4)
Milenium Falcon x2
GL in G1
Spiral

Weapons/Devices(3)
Anakin's Lightsaber
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber
Landing Claw

Interupts (19)
Don't Tread On Me
The Signal
Rebel Barrier x2
Narrow Escape x2
I Know
Life Debt
Gift of the Mentor
Nabrun Leids x2
Control x2
Tunnel Vision x3
Shocking Information
Glancing Blow
Courage of the Skywalker

Effects (8)
Do Or Do Not
Ultimatium
Scrambled Trasmission
Battle Plan
Traffic Control
Tatooine Celebration
A Gift
Bacta Tank '

Strategy: '

Give them Captain Han and start Don't Tread On Me for all three effects (unless you know your opponent's deck or start Battle Plan vs. Ops or ISB.  While Captain Han doesn't allow the 10 force, the idea is to free Han ASAP and usually you won't have 10 force to retrieve.  Also Captain Han is better vs. Bubo and he pilots the Super Falcon.  After you flip, get the Falcon down and Han inside of it.  That way you can protect Han while still fighting with him.  If possible, get the Tatooine system and EPP Leia and then move the Falcon up to setup Celebration and activate Battle Plan.  On the ground, you have Ben and Luke doing it all.  Together, they are unstoppable.  Nabrun gets them wherever they need to go and Barrier and Escape can protect them from beatdown.  Give them sabers and a flipped objective, and Ben and Luke can also cause some damage.  The super falcon in space and the super Jedi on the ground is perfect for Battle Plan and celecration.  The rest of the deck is to establish this power.	The start protects against degenerate cards.  The Tunnel Visions and twix locations help you get the correct cards in hand.  The Controls force through interupts and A Gift slows many alien based decks.  Some people don't like A Gift, but I think it is worth a shot simply because they are high destiny and potentially devastaing.  This deck does have a few weaknesses however and they are fairly important.  The first is Hunt Down because you will be losing to Visage the entire game.	Fortunately, they should be as well.  Ben and Luke on the table together should be able to keep Vader and friends at bay.  The other thing you have to worry about is a flipped Raliir Ops.  Nabrun is your best friend here, even with IAO.  Get Han, Ben and Luke over to Raltiir and get the super Falcon to take control of the system and let Ben and Luke to another site.  They may temporarily flip it but they shouldn't be able to block Ben and Luke at 4 sites.  Celebration and A Gift are generally useless in this game.  If you can prevent the battle destiny bonus from getting out of control, you should win.  I'd like to add push cards but there aren't too many interupts I need to grab, I don't have room, and I'd have to pay 3 force for them. '