---
layout: post
author: ! Jim "Stimmed Jim" Li
title: ! "Stimmed Jim’s Ketwol"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-22
description: ! 'a machine'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting

Hoth MPG
Hoth North ridge
Heading for the medical frigate
Insurrection
Staging Area
Strike Planning

Locations
Hoth War room
Hoth echo corridor
Hoth DB x3
Tatooine DB
Home One DB
Endor

Capt. Han x2
Lando with ax
EPP Luke x2
Blount
Ketwol
Crix Madine
Tawss Khaa
Melas
Ben kenobi x2
EPP leia

Artoo in red 5
Falcon x2

Fallen Portal x3
Wise Advice
Battle Plan
Signal x3
Order to Engage
Fall of the Legend
Throw me another charge
Out of commission x2
grabbler x2
DTF
Frozen Assets
Bith Shuffle
EBO
Control
Punch It
ANSB x2
On the Edge x2
Trans. Term
A few maneuvers
Squassin
Do Or Do Not
Leg. Starfighter

Obi’s saber '

Strategy: '

hit or miss, needs more mains and ketwols
  spirajira

wtf? you pull Gen Crix madine first turn with Strike Planning, then use madine to pull out Ketwol, you’re guarenteed to have him in hand first turn.  throw him under the shield on hoth, and how the hell are they gonna get rid of him? blow up the generators and play spies??? please.


WTF is with all these stupid reviews??? right now my deck has 2.5 stars... 2.5  are these people stupid??? there are only 2 decks that i can think of that can beat this deck regularly, ops and rops that drains like mad on raltiir, most other decks either rely on docking bays (BHBM, hunt down) or Jabbas palace (any sort of scum deck) both of which you can dominate with your fallen portals, you have a drain of 5 they cant stop and crazy retrival, and youre not affected by search and destroy, the card that hoses so many LS decks, what more could you ask for?

stop being so stupid people.


Ketwol is so cool, just pull out your hoth sites and docking bays, setup EBO with crix at one site, ketwol at another site, and some random guy at the docking bay, after you deploy your ebo the random guy can just DB transit to another site, drain at endor with the super falcon and at Tatooine DB with Ben.  go on hit and runs with EPP Luke, and retrive like mad to win the game.  youll be activating at least 15 a turn when you have ketwol sitting at the hoth db and ben sitting at the tatooine db, if they come at you, just fallen portal and with the high destinys youll be fine.	dont worry if the opponent plays heavy SAC, you have wise advice, do or do not, 2 grabblers and a control, youll be fine.

against BHBM, give them luke or, if they dont put vader at a docking bay, keep luke away from Vader, they wont be able to fight the falcon in space, and they wont be able to play TCINC on ben when he has his saber.	youll be winning the drain race with your retrival, even if they grab it you can still at least retrive 10 force.

against hunt down, with so many ways to look in your deck, it shouldnt take long to find the trans term.  you can even add another one in place of something if hunt down is popular in your area.  once your find the tranterm youll be in good shape cos you can retrive it every turn, you have monster destiny after the first few turns so stack some when you think your opponent may duel you, bith shuffle will get rid of their stacked destinies.

against scum, drop ben to jabbas palace, sit there and drain for 3 with ben and saber and 3 at endor, its probably a bad idea to go inside jabbas palace, just sit ben there and start reinforcing him with other guys like tawss and melas and such.  at JP you an be sure theyll never drop 4-lom on you cos you can fallen portal him away.

against ties, DTF and recurring Frozen assets = you win.

even if you dont draw a signal or ANSB in your opening hand youll still be fine, just pull docking bays and sit guys there for huge activation and youll soon draw into either a signal or ansb.

control a drain of 3 and get it back, thats huge.
'