---
layout: post
author: ! Andrew "Gadget" Ledwith
title: ! 'Imperial High Command'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-09
description: ! 'A SYCFA Big Blue deck. Uses 4 Admirals to get extra destiny with Imperial Command, Star Destroyers for massive power, and IAO for massive forfeit.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (10)
Alderaan
Death Star
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Death Star War Room
Endor
Executor Docking Bay
Fondor
Kashyyyk
Kessel
Sullust

Characters (17)
Admiral Chiraneau
Admiral Motti
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral Piett
Captain Godhert
Captain Lennox
Commander Igar
Commander Merrejk  x2
Darth Vader With Lightsaber  x2
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Grand Moff Tarkin
Officer Evax
U-3PO (Yoo-Threepio)

Vehicles (6)
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 4
Tempest Scout 5

Starships (9)
Accuser
Avenger
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Chimaera
Devastator
Dominator
Executor
Visage
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts (6)
Imperial Command  x2
Prepared Defenses
Twi'lek Advisor  x3

Effects (11)
Battle Order
Blast Door Controls
Come Here You Big Coward
Imperial Arrest Order
Lateral Damage	x2
Mobilization Points
Reactor Terminal
Security Precautions
Something Special Planned For Them
You Cannot Hide Forever

Objective (1)
Set Your Course For Alderaan/The Ultimate Power In The Universe '

Strategy: '

---------Responce To Reviews---------
Kuat Drive Yards? Eh, no. Ok, so it'll let me pull my SDs out every turn. But the immunity? Have you noticed that I seem to have a large ammount of forfeit in this deck? Immunity doesn't impact me much. If you draw junk for destiny, you'll probably lose the battle anyway. If you draw a 5+, I'd have to lose something anyways, and every character has the ability to cover a destiny 5, most a destiny 6. I'd rather get the Executor out second turn and have immunity < 12 personally.
-------------------------------------

This deck is pretty darn good, if I do say so myself. I've played with it at 2 tournaments. In that time it has gone 4-2.

It has beaten
Profit
Jedi Testing
RTP
Hidden Base w/ Squadron Assignments

It has lost to
Brentson Profit (no, not Steve, Jeff Brentson, but it's in the blood)
There Is Good In Him (combination of a horrible opening hand for me and an excellent opening hand for him)

First off, start with SYCFA, the stuff it requires, Prepared Defense, IAO, MPoints, and You Cannot Hide Forever. On your first turn pull Executer, EDB, and the DS War Room. If you're playing vs HB you'll want to discard YCHForever to get out Security Precautions. Versus Ops (if anyone plays it anymore) you'd get out Battle Order. Other than that, you can discard it at your own discretion.

If you get Commander Merrejk in your opening draw, deploy him to the War Room and start to search for systems. If you don't get him, but you do get Admiral Piett (or an Imperial Command so you can get Piett), deploy Piett to the EDB for 2, then pull Merrejk with Piett's text, and deploy him to the War Room. Since there are 5 ways to get Merrejk (2 of him, 1 Piett, 2 Imperial Commands) you should have no problems getting him out early. The first system you'll want to pull is Fondor, so you'll be able to get out Executor on turn 2-3. If you're playing vs HB (or even non-HB that starts Sqassins and is generating enough to drop a lot of junk), you may want to pull something else, and wait until you've got the 10 force. Then search for Fondor, since if the LS gets stuff to Fondor before you get the Executor there, it could be a while before it comes down.

After the initial setup, continue to pull systems. SDs and pilots will come with time. There is suffcient ground pound to at least keep a LS ground deck busy. And at any rate, you should be able to beat them in a drain race even if you don't get your ground out.

Note You do NOT need Admiral Chiraneau to win He's good, and he'll help you finish up faster, but you can win without him. Ultimatum will make his bonus worthless at all of your systems except Kessel and Fondor. Test 1 and Menace Fades will kill it off completely (although setting up Menace Fades will be difficult for them). In short, don't fret if you lose him to a drain or something. No, it's not a good thing, but it's not the end of the world.

I use 3 Twi'leks in addition to my starter because my effects are very important in this deck. Coward should be the first effect you pull, since it'll cancel the drain of 3 presented at the DStar, plus the drain of 2 at the War Room. I use Blast Door Controls since everyone in Connecticut plays with Rebel Barrier, but no one plays LS SAC. Lateral Damage x2? Well, yeah. That card is frigin broken. It's great on Super Falcon or Home One, and does a number on lone ships too. And of course, what deck would be complete without Reactor Terminal? You need the 3 Twi'leks.

This is not an interrupt heavy deck as you can see. I've never been big on any DS interrupt. Sorry. I don't know what else to say. There's also no Admiral's Order card in here. Couldn't find room, and concluded that I really don't need them. I'm not too keen on them in the first place. I'd rather not play with them if I don't have to, since they do help out the opponent as well as you. If you'd like to add in 1-2 you're welcome to it.

Other than that, there's not too much to explain. I think it can beat anything it comes across. If you have any questions just D-mail me.

Andrew Ledwith
"Gadget"  '