---
author: Andy "Solo337" McClure
title: 'Undefeated- ISB, ORS, S+V, None Shall Pass'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-04
description: 'Well, I've had about 8 D-mails asking me to submit this deck. Thanks mainly to this deck, I am Alabama State champion, and I placed 3rd in the Open, and 1st in the team event at Dragon.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 


Locations (8)
Coruscant
Jabba's Palace x3
JP: Audience Chamber
JP: Dungeon
JP: Entrance Cavern
JP: Droid Workshop

Characters (18)
Outer Rim Scout x8
5D6-RA-7
Chall Bekan
Gailid x2
Jabba
Mosep
EJP Dengar
ECC 4-LOM
ECC Iggy
EPP Fett

Starships (3)
Bossk in Bus
Zuckess in Mist Hunter
Boba Fett in Slave 1

Interrupts (16)
Ghhhk
None Shall Pass x8
Point Man
Twi-Lek Advisor x2
Abyssin Ornament x2
Nevar Yalnal
Monnok

Effects (14)
Presence of the Force x2
Resistance
Bad Feeling Have I
Search and Destroy
Broken Concentration
Oppressive Enforcement
A Bright Center To The Universe
Secret Plans
No Bargain
There'll Be Hell To Pay
Scum and Villany
Imperial Arrest Order
There is No Try

Objective (1)
ISB Operations/ Empire's Sinister Agents

Strategy: 


Alright, here is my ISB. I've had lots of people ask me to submit it, even people I don't know, but I always said no. I wouldn't submit it now except that The Menace Fades from D*2 will hurt this deck a lot. When you're reviewing, don't count off because TMF will hurt it, because it isn't out yet.

First of all, let me tell you that this deck has beaten every popular LS deck on the market, and tons of good players. It's beaten TONS of Throne Room Mains deck, including Jim Sells' and Steven Lewis' versions. It won State against a Throne Room odds, played by Rob Ronnlund, and that was before I had Resistance in. It's beaten tons of EBO, Tosche Mains, Operatives, Y-ops, SAC and anything else you can imagine. It handles MWYHL train to 2, no problem, thanks to Broken Concentration. It even beat Jason Burrows' MWYHL surprise assaults deck, which I was scared it might lose to. It's combined record against players above 1700 is 63-0.

It went 3-0 at the DragonCon Open and 2-0 in the team event, as well as 3-0 at the Alabama States.

The key to this deck: Speed. I cannot stress that enough. In a normal game, I get Jabba's Palace 1st or 2nd turn, flip 2nd or 3rd turn, and nearly every game, by 3rd or 4th turn, I already have a drain of 7-9 going. In an especially good game, I'll get JP first turn, flip second, and drain for 9 third, with None Shall Pass running interference on all mains.

In case you don't know how it works, let me explain. You have to have Jabba's Palace to do anything, so your first priority is to get JP, drawing until you have it. By the time you get it, you should have either Chall Bekan, Jabba or Gailid in your hand. You start searching for a site every turn. Get Jabba, Gailid and Chall to the AC as soon as you can. Remember, you can get one from reserve deck with the JP:AC text, and you can search for a site every turn so you can see if they are in your deck or not.

Once you flip, and have Jabba and Gailid at the AC, you get huge drains, and all your Outer Rim Scouts are forfeit 5! ISB and Gailid adds to the drains, so you get 3 at JP, 3 at the Audience Chamber, and 3 at any Jabba's Palace site with a Presence of the Force, and 1 at every non-battle ground JP site. Oh, yeah, and did I mention that those drains are safe from all Rebels? None Shall Pass bounces them back into their hand, and all force stays used.

Once you set up Bad Feeling Have I and No Bargain, Luke and Obi cost 9 force (as good as RalOps), and they get bounced with NSP!

As for my starting effect, that is a judgement call. On MWYHL, Broken Concentration is a must, but on anything else, use you brain. Oppressive Enforcement is my favorite, because Senses hurt a lot, but Bad Feeling and No Bargain are 2 other great cards.

Point Man is mainly for Scramble, Search and Destroy is for MWYHL, Hidden Base and EBO, Broken Concentration is for Mind, and other than that you have your standard counter cards.

I used to have Security Precautions in this deck, but I really don't need it. With the Errata on Hidden base, my 3 ships is plenty to find their Hidden Base, the Scouts soak up the battle damage like non-unique sponges, and before they flip, I've drained them for like 30 cards.

A few points I would like to make:
Yes, grimtaash would hurt, but it only hurts my None Shall Passes, because I deploy all my scouts, and there is no way to protect them from Grimtaash. In all my career with this deck, I've had only 1 Grimtaash played on me. Think about it.... how often do you see people play Grimtaash?

I know all about grabbing my None Shall Pass. Steven Lewis grabbed it first time I played it, and it hurt. But still, it's worth it. You can use 2-4 force to bounce back a 7-9 deploy main and buy yourself another turn of draining. Also, this deck gives away very few LS icons, so they have to supply their own generation.

Cards I would really like to put in, but don't have room for:
3rd Twi-lek Advisor
2nd Nevar Yalnal
2nd Jabba
Den of Thieves

Here's what I do against major deck types:

Profit:
Heh, this isn't even a game, this is a massacre. I start Jabba and Chall, who comes with an Outer Rim Scout. I convert their Jabba's Palace and Audience Chamber first or second turnm so they get 3 force a turn. And I can get Gailid from reserve deck so all my drains are huge. I've never even had a profit deck get me below 30 cards.

Hidden Base:
You'd think this would be a hard game, but it's not. Search and destroy combined with the speed of this deck makes it so, by the time they flip, I've already made them lose about 30 cards. The 3 ships are for probing only, not to fight. Put ORS in them for like no force, and they'll be 5 forfeit, really good for soaking up damage. I don't need Security Precautions, because my deck is SO much faster than Hidden Base. Search and Destroy is a FAR better counter anyways.....

Throne Room:
Your None Shall Passes should keep them off of you long enough to get some big drains off. Once they get in the palace, your Bounty Hunters and 5 forfeit ORS should be able to handle them in a fight. This deck has 22 cards with destiny over 3, so you can do all sorts of damage to they're mains.

EBO:
Start Resistance to make all their drains 2, and your drains are still 3, plus you're faster than they are. Don't go into space at all and use Seach and Destroy and your speed to beat them.

MWYHL:
Start Broken Concentration and set up quick. By the time they get off Jedi Test 1, you should have drained them for about 20 or more cards. After that, it is a SLOW game. Use your small drains, enhanced with PotF and Search and Destroy to finish them off.

Operatives:
If they are high parsec, start ABCTTU. With Bright Center and a ISB agent on their planet, their drains are 0. Set up your drains and go after them with Bounty Hunters and 5 forfeit Scouts. Regenerate your Scouts with the Objective, and use Scum and Villany to retrieve force.

Odds:
Set up resistance and drain.

I think that's about it. If you have any other questions you can D-mail me, I don't mind at all.

Thanks-

Andy
