---
author: Ryan "TheNatural14" Beckham
title: 'EBO-Defending the Galaxy with X-Wings v1.2'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-17
description: 'My last one got horrible reviews so I tried to change some things to meet the suggestions.  Please rate and review again.  Updated cards and explanations.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting (4)
A New Secret Base
The Signal
Hoth: Power Generators
Hoth: North Ridge

Locations (8)
Hoth
Corulag
Kiffex
Kashyyyk
Chandrila
Hoth: Echo Command War Room
Hoth: Echo Docking Bay
Hoth: Echo Corridor

Characters (9)
Luke with Saber
Obi-Won Kenobi
Leia with Blaster
Han with Blaster 
Lando with Blaster
Chewie with Blaster
Mon Mothma
Figrin D’an
Tawss Khaa

Starships (18)
X-Wing x 10
Green Squad A-Wing x 2
Lando in Falcon
Spiral
Tantive IV
Liberty
Independence
Home One

Interrupts (14)
Sense x 2
Alter x 2
Out of Nowhere x 2
Hyper Escape x 4
Organized Attack x 2
Tranmission Terminated
Star Destoyer!

Effects (7)
Traffic Control
Docking Bay and Repair Facilities
Yarna d’al’ Gargan
Echo Base Operations
Incom Corporation
Rebel Fleet
Bacta Tank


Strategy: 

First Off I have to Say, Decree requires two rebel base sites or two systems.  There are enough people here to prevent the loss of Hoth sites and the loss of systems I think.  Never had decree really bite me unless I took too long.  Don’t get pissed at me for saying this, if you don’t agree lmk.  Also if you think I need more characters, lmk which ones and what to replace.  Thanks.


******************Updates*************************
Changed Tatooine to Kiffex,  added more characters and took out Wioslea, took out intruder missle for Star Destroyer

Possible Changes=  Maybe another Luke if I can figure out what to change, Possible need for another character to help hold down power gens, Want another alter and a signal or two in there but don’t know what to replace

This is my first and favorite deck.  You start off with those starting cards and you deploy your characters and locations asap.  You can deploy and x-wing to the docking bay on Hoth to make sure that you have it covered.  Then just move that x-wing to Hoth.  You characters are really only needed on the ground unless you think otherwise (but I don’t)  Just defend Hoth and force drain in space.  With all the x-wings the drains ought to be fast and once decree comes out and ds heavy fill the sky bring out your big boys to add to the fray.  The interrupts are to help you run at the begining and the destinies on them are great to.  With the ground you dont have to worry too much, since Luke+Han+Leia = three destiny.  Just get it done fast.  Try to hold off on the capitals till Decree and SDs are out.

Why Choice of Cards
Luke with Saber- I am not fortunate to have Jedi Luke and this one serves the purpose well enough.
Figrin D’an- Great for tracking destinies and retrieving.  Not too great but he can certainly get the job done.
Mon Mothma- Well she does decrease the destinies in the sky which helps.  May get pulled for another capitol.
Obi-Won without stick- Obi is the man.  Too bad he let Vader get him.  Oh, well.  He is the only one that has immunity just in case you know.
Transmission Terminated- Visage makes me unhappy with this deck.  Had to fix that problem.
Rest of interrupts- Awesome destiny and they also kick some booty in the game play.  They all can easily be used to recycle them.
Traffic Control- Use to drop cards in the end for points and to recycle the interrupts if my hand gets to big.
Yarna- Monnok makes me unhappy with all the x-wings.  Needed to stop it.
Rebel Fleet- Stop those drains and save some force.  What else.
Incom Corp.-  If you are playing a x-wing deck without it you you are really hurting yourself
Spiral- Ability to deploy as a react is reason enough
Tawss Khaa- Very Nice,  Love to retrieve cause you pretty much know when you are going to win or lose

Matchups
Havent played too many tourneys with it but here is what I would do.
VS BHBM
Give them Luke.  They will lose too much while trying to convert him.  Won’t be a probelm
VS TIES
Easy win.  You can easily overpower especially once you get the Incom Corp out.  Just deploy at you hearts content and the +3 will get them
VS Court
They have to come get you at Hoth.  I would like to see bounty hunters come and get rid of the Alliance’s best people.
VS Carbon Freezing
They have to come get you.  No problem there
VS Endor Ops
They will try a force drain game with you.  You will easily win.  Make them come for you and steal their walker.  hehehehe  Easy win I am sure of it.
VS RallOps
Force drain race again and you still have to upper hand with the space.  Decree with hurt, but you can still get it faster than them.  Don’t give up your hold of Hoth at whatever cost
VS Hunt Down
Terminate the Visage.  That will save you alot.  Vader is going to be a pain.  He cant get Luke if you hide him and let your mains play with him but it will be a tough game once Mara, Tarkin and Vader at door.  Just keep cool and force drain like mad.
VS Dark Deal
I really don’t think this stands a chance with your drain capability.  Haven’t seen it played so I don’t know.
