---
layout: post
author: Jason "jade" Foss
title: 'Hidden Mains V3'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-20
description: 'I have been tweaking this deck for a while and i think its pretty good. I dropped the entire cloud city thing thank to a couple of good reviews.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting
Hidden Base
Sullust
Rendevouse Point
Heading for The medical frigate
Squadron Assingnments
Strike Planning
Insurection

Locations
Endor
Dagobah
Yodas Hut
Home One Docking Bay
Cloud City Docking bay
Cantina
Back Door

Characters
Luke With Stick[2]
Obi Wan Kenobie
Obi with Stick[2]
General Calrisian
Captain Han Solo
Han With Gun
Leia With Gun[2]
Colonel Cracken
Lietenent Blount
Nien Nunb
Wedge RSL
Tycho Celchu
Green Leader
Boshek
KFC

Starships
Gold Squadron 1
Home One
Spiral
Tanteive
Red Squadron 1
Green Squadron 3
Green squadron 1
Gold Leader in Gold One
Red Leader In Red One

Interupts
Off the edge[2]
On the Edge[2]
Smoke Screen
Tunnel Vision
It could Be Worse[2]
A few Manuvers[3]
Bith Shuffle
Out of commision
Alter[2]
Sense[3]

Effects
I hope She’s All Right
Menece Fades

Whepons
Obis Stick 

Strategy: 

PLEASE REVIEW !!!!!!!!!!!!


  Basicaly just pull out all the sites and bring the battle to him. If he is playing space the back door and the cantina are so you can still drain on thee ground. The main weakness in the last 2 versions i submitted was heavy space i think that this will take care of space more eisily. Use I Hope She’s All Right to make him lose a force every draw Phase. Use the on the edge and off the edge to retrieve 5 if you trached A Few Manuvers. If they are playing a ground deck then just bring the battle to them and your retreiving will help you out a lot. Use the tunnel vision to get key cards when you are activating a lot.

Cards I Would Like to put in but cant find room

Clash Of Sabers

Whepon Levitation

Another Tunnel Vision

A few more Senses

More Ships

Projection Of A Skywalker

Courage Of a Skywalker

Glansing Blow

Transmision Terminated

Bacta Tank

MATCHUPS

Vs Hunt Down
If Hunt down is very popular in your area then add on the dueling cards.Cancel Visage fast with blount and cracken cause it forces him to come to the executor so even if he does beat me there some of his characters are stuck there not being able to drain. If he puts Ephant mon to protect visage deploy at a adjent site and move in. After you kill visage. Start battling him and if he is playing dueling be carful with obi and luke only use them on suicide missions so he does not get a chance to duel them use all the other characters to battle and he wont be able to force drain you if you keep his characters off the table and with visage killed he will be doing no damage too you and you can retreive. You should win.

Vs BHBM
As soon as he deploys vader give him luke so he has to lose force. Battle him but try not to lose.
Make sure that you dont leave characters alon at sites cause they will get beaten on. Use It Could Be Worse to nullify any damage he is doing to you. Track the sixes and retreive lots. Be carful of the circle is now complete when obi and vader are at the same site if he plays it try to sense it. As long as you play smart and dont make any large mistakes you should win.

Vs Court
Invade the audience chamber as soon as possible slice jabba to pieces. Try to not make a lot of mistakes when the audience chamber is taken over Spread your guys out a little and watch out for some suicide guy carrying a thermal detonator cause he can kill all your guys with a detonator if they are all at the same site. Try to have senses and alters in your hand so you can sense his stuff witch is why i would like to add some more senses cause with 3 there not going to do much. This will be a fun game with lots of battling so it will be close but you can win.

Vs Heavy Space
Very hard match get your guys draing at the cantina and the back door get the light side search and destroy going so he has to come to the ground were you have a big advantage on him if he is using SYCFA and he controls the docking bay with the emporer track some high destinys and slice him up take over the death star and drain him. If he is playing Ominouse Rumors Take over endor and try to cancel ominous rumors if he puts down any guys to kill you just destroy him next turn. Againt all space use your retrieving to the fullest.

Against Rops
This is dead but just keep the presure on him and take over raltir and you will win.

Against the new objective
Keep battlin him till he dies. Might have some problems with abysins but if they are realy popular in your area put in aim high so they have to pay a extra force to retreiv a abysin.

