---
layout: post
author: ! Ryan "heinekin" Hase
title: ! 'Mind Those X-Wings Dammit !'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-06-13
description: ! 'Shuts down opponents draining and takes over in the sky'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can

Locations  (9)
Dagobah
Dagobah Swamp
Dagobah Training Area
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Coruscant  x2
Kessel
Kiffex
Rendezvous Point

Characters (6)
Luke Skywalker
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Tawss Khaa
TK-422
Boushh
Yoda

Starships (14)
Red Leader In Red 1
X-wing	x12
X-wing Assault Squadron

Weapons (3)
X-wing Laser Cannon  x3

Devices (1)
Luke's Backpack

Jedi Tests (2)
A Jedi's Strength
Great Warrior

Effects (10)
Legendary Starfighter
Projection Of A Skywalker  x2
Rebel Fleet
S-Foils
Uncontrollable Fury
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?
Wise Advice
Do Or Do Not
Yarna d'al' Gargan

Interrupts (14)
All Wings Report In
Grimtaash
Houjix
Organized Attack  x2
Power Pivot
Rebel Barrier  x2
The Signal  x3
Transmission Terminated  x2
Tunnel Vision '

Strategy: '

The deck should be pretty straight forward I'd think.  With the objective you can get out Luke with Backpack carrying Yoda amongst 3 sites, and on a good draw you can train jedi test 1 on turn 3, and then jedi test 2 on turn 5.	Otherwise it will normally finish on turn 4 and 6.  With the backpack and 3 sites out you will need to draw a 4 for jedi test 1 and a 5 for jedi test 2.  Wise advice will help this along but I never had any problems finding a 5 when you get to draw two destiny with MWYHL.  Sense / Alter is pretty much nothing to worry about.	The objective makes it hard to draw, and the Wise Advice and Do or Do Not more than shut it down.

Your starting effect should be yarna to protect those X-Wings.	I will generally deploy a system as soon as I have 4 X-Wings to deploy there also.  Make sure you have an X-Wing cannon deployed on one of em and save 3 force.  S-Foils should pretty much always be on.  Get it fast with the extra signals and tunnel vision.  The decks worst enemy is Zuckus in mist hunter but thankfully he's easy as hell to blow out of the sky, so keep those cannons ready at all times.  And remember that your opponent won't always get destiny either.  When you have trained jedi test 2, they may not draw any destinies unless they have ability 6.  This includes Boba, Bossk, Zuckus, etc.

Between the two spies, two Projection of a skywalkers, and jedi test 1, draining on the ground is kept to a minimum.  The two trans terminated will deal with Huntdown, and if it's not enuff then sneak Boushh in there and break cover to take it out.  With Yoda at the hut, Obi and Tawss can do some easy surprise damage, just be weary of the circle on Obi.  Deploy with confidence when you have a rebel barrier in hand.  If you want to add an element of surprise in the sky, then don't deploy the Laser cannon.  Instead, wait for them to deploy Zuckus, rebel barrier him, then deploy the cannon and slam him good.	An ISB would give a good match but you can shut down there drains pretty quick.  Track destinies and use Obi and Tawss to cancel out Search and Destroy.

That should pretty much cover it, have fun with the deck, it's solid.	One last note to those less familiar with Jedi testing  Jedi test 1 allows for the apprentice to be deployed reguardless of deployment restrictions.  Thus the use of Luke instead of SOS.  He is cheaper and allows the deck to come out that much faster.'