---
layout: post
author: Dan "Static-X" Grover
title: 'Rebel SWAT Team - BOE style'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-06
description: 'Rebel strike Team, created under the Battle Of Endor tournament rules.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Okay, before we get to the cards, I just want everyone to notice. This deck is created for the Battle Of Endor tournament style, which means cards only from Endor, DSII, and the starter decks from DSII. I'm sure that a few mouth-breathing, slack-jawed yokels will miss this whole fact and suggest I throw in Capt. Han and the Super Falcon, or tell me to put in some SAC protection, but I'm hoping that most of you will realize that I have no need of most of these. Anyhoo, on to the deck.

OBJECTIVE (1)
Rebel Strike Team {S}

LOCATIONS (9)
Endor {S}
Rebel Landing Site {S}
Bunker
Dense Forest
Landing Platform
Hidden Forest Trail
Back Door
2x Great Forest

CHARACTERS (24)
2x Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
General Solo
Daughter of Skywalker
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk
General Crix Madine
General Calrissian
Lieutenant Page
Orrimaarko
Colonel Cracken
Sergeant Brooks Carlson
Lieutenant Greeve
2x Corporal Midge
Sergeant Junkin
Corporal Beezer
Corporal Janse
Major Panno
Lieutenant Blount
Corporal Kensaric
Wuta
Admiral Ackbar
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Nien Nunb

STARSHIPS (6)
Home One
Liberty
Gold Squadron 1
Red Squadron 1
Tala 1
Tala 2

WEAPONS (1)
Luke's Lightsaber

EFFECTS (6)
Strike Planning {S}
Insurrection {S}
Squadron Assignments {S}
Honor Of The Jedi
Battle Plan
Close Air Support

INTERRUPTS (13)
Heading For The Medical Frigate {S}
4x Take The Initiative
4x Insertion Planning
2x A Few Maneuvers
2x Grimtaash


Strategy: 

Okay, I'll say it again in case you may have missed my disclaimer (I trust you read it up there, but you never know.) This deck is constructed specifically for the Battle Of Endor tournament environment, meaning I can only use cards from Endor, DSII, and the DSII starter decks (in this case, A Few Maneuvers and Grimtaash.) Okay, moving along. The basic idea is to deploy massive amounts of people to Endor and battle the hell out of your opponent. I thank the #1 ranked dude (sorry, I forgot your name) for giving me a bunch of ideas for this deck. Foremost was the idea to not bother blowing up the Bunker, as it's kind of card intensive and doesn't do much for me. Basically, use Strike Planning to get Crix and Lando, use Crix to pull scouts and Lando to get the Falcon to defend Endor. Spread out when you have enough scouts to flip the objective.

Specifics:

Corporal Midge- He has a funny name, but he really helps your drains once you flip.

Corporal Kensaric- He should be the first guy that Crix pulls, since he makes your opponent pay through the ass to deploy.

A Few Maneuvers- Comes in the starter decks. Easily cyclable 6. 'Nuff said.

Grimtaash- In BOE, Interceptors will be popular. This will help cut down on the riffraff a little.

Luke- What the hell do you think he's in here for? He's the most powerful character in the game.

Anyhoo, let me know what you think. Remember, it's BATTLE OF ENDOR ONLY. Sorry to keep reminding you, but there's always going to be someone who gives me a crappy rating because "RalOps will rip this deck a new one." In BOE, I don't have to worry about RalOps. Anyway, thanks for your input. 