---
layout: post
author: ! Alex "george3785" George
title: ! "The Emperor’s Summer Home On Tatooine v. 2.0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-22
description: ! 'A great tat. occ deck. it wins a lot of the time.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (3)
Combat Readiness
Tatooine Jabba’s Whore House (Palace)
Tatooine

Locations(5)
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine Lars Moisture Farm
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Tatooine Cantina
Endor

Characters (21)
Darth Vader x2
DVDLOTS x2
Emperor Palpy x2
Mara Jade, TEH x2
Jabba The Slut
Grand Moff Tarkin
Palpy’s @#$% #1 (Janus Greejatus)
Palpy’s @#$% #2 (Sim Aloo)
Iggy With Riot Gun
4-Lommy with Concussion Rifle
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle
The Not-So-Good Dr. E. x2
Djass Puhr
Colonel Davod Jon
Captain Godherdt
Captain Sarkli

Starships (5)
Bossk in Bus
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Devastator
Chimaera
Executor

Vehicles (1)
Blizzard 2

Interrupts (11)
Twilek Advisor x2
Alter x3
Sense x3
You Are Beaten
Imp. Barrier x2

Effects (10)
Presence Of The Force x2
Tatooine Occupation x2
Sex Precautions (The HB Glove)
Something Special Planned For Them
Battle Order
Lateral Damage
Search And Destroy
Overseeing it Personally

Weapons (2)
Vader’s Lightsaber
Mara Jade’s Vibrator

Admirals Orders (2)
Fighter Cover x2 '

Strategy: '

 This is the second version of my deck. i added a few cards and i think it is better now. it makes the win come faster and lets me take out the opponent.

This deck has a very good chance of beating most deck types out there. I admit, i got the idea from Uncle Chall’s, old School meets New School, deck, but i changed it to fit my playing style. This deck, if played right, could be one of the best deck types out there.

Now on to the cards.....

Locations
I picked the Tatooine Start along with Jabbas Palace. then on the first turn you go and get out the audience chamber, and an alien (hopefully Mara). Then i Have 3 good drain for 2 sites on tatooine that you want to put down when you find them. After that i Have the Endor system and 2 nice draining Endor sites.

Characters
I have 18 of the very best characters in this deck. You prolly already know what each character is for so i dont really need to explain.

Starships and Vehicles
All of the best. i wanted boba in his ship but i thought that he would be more helpful on the ground.

Effects
I Love Presence Of The Force. It has always been one of my favorite cards. it helps activation and can make massive drains. I also love the occupation. it makes the opponent lose alot of force and you just need to occupy the planet, which should be easy. All the normal effects are also in here and they all have a certain purpose.

Interrupts
I have 2 twileks so that i can get out the effects faster. S and C are in Here because now-a-days they are needed.

Weapons
Pretty self explanatory

Fighter Cover
This card Rocks. it helps out with your weapon destiny and your immunity. you just need to occupy the planet like tat. occ.

Matchups
Hidden base
Just spread out on the	ground and drain. Go up in space and probe when they flip. then just drain them out.

Tigih
this will be an ok game. just go get luke then take them back to tatooine, if this is big in your area add a docking bay to get to endor. just spread out and drain.

mwyhl
This will be tough. especially if they rely on beatdown. If they play eloms (see wesms54’s deck eloms that rape. review it, because someone went crazy and reviewed it bad) it will be tough, because you rely on imps. Just hope you can drain them out fast.

EBO
This will not be that tough. Just depploy seach and destroy and it should hurt your opponent. spread out and drain. go to space and set up tat. occ.

Thats all... I hope you like my deck and please review so you can help me out with anything.
Peace Out
Alex  '