---
layout: post
author: ! Alex "george3785" George
title: ! "Masturbation DONE RIGHT AKA  TIGIH"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-18
description: ! 'TIGIH Speeders. rather good. I Hope You Like it.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

' Starting (10)
There Is Good In Him / I Can Save Him
Luke Skywalker JN
Luke’s Saber
Endor Chirpa’s Hut
Endor DB
I Feel the Conflict
Heading for the Medical Frig
Draw Their Fire
Staging Areas
Insurrection

Locations (5)
Tatooine Docking Bay
Hoth Docking Bay
Endor Back Door
Kessel
CC Downtown Plaza

Characters (3)
Boushh
Tk422
Jedi Luke

Vehicles (17)
Sandspeeder x5
Snowspeeder x5
Rebel Snowspeeder x5

Starships (11)
x-wing x8
Red Squadron x-wing x3

Interrupts (5)
Signal x3
All wings report in x2

Effects (9)
Honor of the Jedi
Incom Corporation x2
Maneuvering Flaps x2
Yarna Dal gargan x2
Mechanical Failure
Traffic Control
S-Foils x2 '

Strategy: '

This Deck is rather good. It uses the x wings and speeders to help you win battles and some retrieval. You should start by pulling the docking bays and then getting out incom corporation and maneuvering flaps. you should then set up some speeders at docking bays for activation and maybe luke at the endor docking bay. the spies are in there to cancel whatever drains opponent has and the extra luke is their for the obvious reasons. then set up your x wings at kessel or deploy them and battle. you should do the same with the speeders. Now on to the matchups.

Vs. Huntdown
Get out honor as fast as possible. then when he deploys vader wreck him with the speeders. if he goes to the hut, deploy boushh there to stop his drains.

vs. bhbm
hard game. set up speeders at docking bays and force drain. win some battles and try to turn vader. this will be tough.

vs. ties
spread out on the ground and drain. then send your x wings up to destroy his ties.

that is the only popular matchups around now adays. i dont really need sac because no one plays it in my area, as well as monnok. this is a great variation of this deck and it works like a machine. i hope you like it and will give me any help on what i should add. thanks

alex '