---
layout: post
author: John "Parn12" Digiovanni
title: 'Dinky little troopers and the games they play.'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-16
description: ! 'All I have to say is the concept is fun'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (6)
ISB Operations/Empire’s Sinister Agents
Coruscant Imperial Square
Prepared Defenses
First Strike
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points

Characters (21)
Trooper Davin Felth
Corporal Drelosyn
Sergeant Barich
Sergeant Elsek
Sergeant Wallen
Sergeant Irol
Sergeant Major Enfield
Lord Vader
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
 Corporal Oberk
 Lieutenant Renz
 Snowtrooper Officer x3
 Sergeant Tarl
 Admiral Ozzel
 Sergeant Torent
Stormtrooper Cadet x4

Starships (5)
Flagship Executor
Devastator
IG-88 In IG-2000
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth

Interrupts (12)
Trooper Assault x3
Tactical Support x4
Nevar Yalnal x2
Full Scale Alert x2
Imperial Barrier

Effects (8)
There Is No Try
Lateral Damage
Expand The Empire
Blast Door Controls
Reactor Terminal
Imperial Decree
Search And Destroy
Ability, Ability, Ability

Locations (6)
Carida
Coruscant Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Hoth Wampa Cave
Hoth Ice Plains
Hoth Defensive Perimeter

Weapons (2)
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
Vader’s Lightsaber '

Strategy: '

Update #1 ------------------------------
Wow, 15 minutes later and I’m already updating... I went back to Hoth and like a putz I forgot to put my Hoth gods and Ebo eaters back in.  Ditch 2 Stromtrooper Cadets and add Sergeant Narthax and Sergeant Major Bursk.  These guys just rule the ice planet... snowtroopers are immune to ice storm, add a destiny on other, and the other snowtroopers deploy at -1... can’t ask for much more out of two guys.
----------------------------------------

Quick note on the deck list, the characters with *’s next to their names are my ISB agents, for those who don’t know them better.

Okay, let’s take a few really weird ideas and bundle them all together and call it a deck.  this deck is a compliation of ideas I’ve seen, the troopers, a few of the interesting effects and interrupts that basically make them gods... on and on and on.  Now, first question that needs to be answered is ”Why are you using ISB Agents.”  Okay, some people see the implications almost right away, but for those of you who don’t this objective still rocks, with the departure of our beloved Ralltiir Operations we have to get crafty again, so here’s my two cents to the deal.  First off ISB agents are strong, they’re spies... so they can whoop down on Crixy and a scrub at the H1 docking bay (suck that Staging Areas boy)... you play Tactical Support, get a scrub isb, toss him down with a few more scrubs, battle, First Strike then Trooper Assault... the fight is over.  Okay, battle deck, so no undercover isb agents... big deal, you can go interrupt his plans with a drain -1 at all related places he’s playing at.  But enough of the powers of ISB, you play it, you find out.

Characters are another story here.  A lot of them work together somehow... aww, they all play nicely with each other.  Anyways, the horrors of the biker scouts Dresolyn, Irol, Birach, and even Elsek... 2 destiny, taking a destiny worth of power and attrition (it was fun drawing a 6 for him), and then if he comes back with a killing squad, Elsek saves your hide.  The two Death Star Troopers work together, +1 attrition and add a destiny, not bad.  Stormtrooper Cadets can suck up some attrition, and all of these can be pulled from reserve deck via tactical support, I don’t see a problem there.  Of course, we can’t forget the Trooper Assault, you guess what that’s used for.

The rest of the characters are pretty straight forward... Vader and Mara just because they play with toys that kill people and add to drains, Renz because he’s almost a godling with a bunch of troopers AND and ISB agent at the same time (what were they thinking?), Ozzel’s a freebe isb.  Got a few Nevar Yalnals, kills opponents spies (Cracken, Blount...) easilly, also stops the named offenders from playing Double Agent (pretty popular in my meta vs. Mara).  Hey, Nevar is also a beef destiny of 6, a lot better than a hutt smootch.

A little run down through the effects
S&D Sweet card for EBO, HB, and to just lure my opponent outside to the ground so that I can trash him really good, here kitty kitty.

Ability x3 21 characters, 5 starships, thwarts training a bit, a real big irritation to deal with, and works well with S&D, you WILL come and play with me.

Lat Dmg You tell me why.

Starting stuff Beefer forfeit, better activation, get out Cardia, and first strike, need I say more?  Though you may want to ditch first strike for There is No Try if SAC is popular, or you know you’re against playing it.

Decree Hoth+Decree=strong

Blast Door Controls Stops Rebel Barrier and Narrow Escape, also destiny 5, so its good all around.

Expand  Good on 3rd marker, or for playing with him on his planet if he gives you good text.  Average destiny, could very well save the game now and then.

A few interrupts.
Tactical Support Troopers NEED this card, there’s no other way to do it.

Full Scale Alert Helps divide your opponent out, also stops those damned arconas (strong out here, and pop up time to time elsewhere).  If he’s doing a lot of fleet/character moving, Full Scale Alert can easily be his undoing.

And finally, my sites... okay, I thought about going to Tatooine, playing the drain game, but I figured that I’m playing a battle deck, take the force away from him.  Play on Hoth.  I’m giving hot shot across the table up to 2 icons, while giving myself up to 10, not to mention the fake docking bay force of up to +4 more.  Not a pretty picture.	I have the third marker in there if things are going sourly wrong and I can salvage the game off of drains, expand it to hit the 5th marker and docking bay, sabers and isbs can be pretty potent.  I like the depravation more then the draining idea, if I’m getting at least 8 more force than he, and my characters deploy cheaper than power mains... that’s a potiential problem for the other guy.

This deck has been tested a little, and it just demolished the light side.  So, let me give projected match up verses the other guys.

Profit Oh gee, the games vs. profit were over from the beginning.  Toss Mara in the chamber, drop some scrubs out to the Jabba’s Palace, move Mara out of the Chamber.  Then you start draining him, if he doesn’t take the chamber early, slowly show your dominance and take it from him, he’ll have a lot of thinking when coming to play with a bunch of troopers in the chamber, and a well placed imperial barrier can stop him totally for one turn (Jedi Luke+Saber+Pro is lunch for a Barrier).  He decides not to battle, you take your next turn, clutter the chamber with more scrubs and battle... if he gets out quick, wait for him to split up and Full Scale Alert him, problem solved.  There’s really not much of a chance for profit against this deck, its just too tough and keeps coming back for more.  Also S&D is not great here, keep it in for destiny, but Ability x3 is fun.

TIGIH I’m playing a battle deck, he’s playing a battle deck, show him how to fight.  Let Luke come to daddy, he won’t do any harm there... and try not to get suckered into a fight you don’t want... doesn’t take much and he can cross vader over if you’re not wise about where and when you fight him.

HB S&D will be a game killer, Coruscant DB limits his drain there to 2, all the help is useful... use the space in here to probe him down and then settle back on Cardia.  Use Ability x3 as a game breaker, he’ll run out of things soon enough.  You could try to win the game with a good placed Full Scale Alert, especially vs. X-Wing Swarm... Alert him, then Lat Damage the lone X-wing, game’s over.  It could get nasty though, usually on the ground alone there is a best drain of 3 after he kills your two good ones at the db and the marker.  Gotta probe him, gotta play smart, this deck isn’t for kiddies.

EBO Decree, hunt him down on Hoth, kill his little guys inside, Game is set and done.	S&D and Ability x3 also go very well to messing up his plans.  He’s playing on my turf, I will make sure he knows it... you can also cancel EBO too, if you feel so inclined )

Training Come out come out where ever you are.  I considered running Come Here You Big Coward just to hurt him, force him to come out and play if he wants his 10 force back.	AFA isn’t pretty, but as long as you can hit him with S&D and Ability x3, that’s 4 total per round vs. 4 total off of one AFA, I’ll take that deal.  Just keep hammering him, cover yourself in case of a beat down, hiding at the non bgs works too, unless you’re running S&D, Nevar’s can thwart an attack crew, remember, you get the action right after he deploys the spy, kill it so he can’t get in there.	Just keep at him, should either be a very fast game, or a very long game, its pretty much up to how you play it.

Eloms Just have to mention these little guys... average trooper power 4 (assault included), average Elom power 4, forfeit of a trooper 5+ under IAO, Elom foreit 3, deploy of trooper 2, elom 3... hmm, I think you’d have the upper hand.  Do not fear them.

This deck is a power deck, but it also has a few tactics to make your opponent play your game, then show him why he shouldn’t be playing your game (namely, you’re hopefully better at your own game).  Patience will win games with this deck, and so will playing fast, its all a matter of preference... so go out there and beat down some light side scrubs

Oh, quick note I know DS Coruscant is a drain of 1 for the light side, and I know the Imperial Square is a drain of 3 for him... you don’t think I thought of that?  Who could resist a nice drain of three that I’m just letting sit there, hehe.. I doubt I’ll actually catch anyone with it, but maybe a greedy prep’ll fall for the trap, then I’ll show him why I did what I did (also, the Imperial Square can’t be converted, hehe, so he can’t just put his on top of mine and turn it from 2/0 to 2/1... I’d rather 4 to 1 instead of 2 to 1 icon wise).  We shall see in the future.. hehe.	'