---
layout: post
author: ! Mike "Thunder" Rebman
title: ! 'X-treme Celebration- 'Got Speeders?''
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-02-24
description: ! 'This is the LS deck I played at the largest non-sanctioned tourney we've had around here. Go check out my DS deck entitled: X-treme ISB-'It's Not Dead yet...''
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective 1
Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip Through Your Fingers

Locations 8
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Rendezvous Point
Tatooine x2
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Tatooine Obi-Wan's Hut
Tatooine Tosche Station

Characters 15
Ben Kenobi x2
B'omarr Monk x2
Chewbacca
EPP Han x2
EPP Leia x2
EPP Luke x2
EPP Obi-Wan x2
Oola
Orrimaarko
Tawass Khaa

Vehicles/Starships 10
Lando In Millennium Falcon x2
Sandspeeder x8

Weapons/Devices 4
Anakin's Lightsaber
Landing Claw
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber

Interrupts 10
Gift Of The Mentor
Glancing Blow
Nabrun Leids
T-47 Battle Formation x3
The Force Is Strong With This One
The Signal x3

Effects 12
Beggar x2
Do Or Do Not
Goo Nee Tay
Maneuvering Flaps
Tatooine Occupation x2
The Planet That It's Farthest From
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us? x2
Wise Advice
Yarna D'al Gargan '

Strategy: '

NOTE There should be Landing Claw x2.


This deck was built to surprise. By starting Hidden Base you throw the DS off into thinking that you're actually playing Hidden Base, when in fact, your just getting tatooine out with Celebration to setup retrieval while you drain all over Tatooine.

Locations
-I kept my locations slimmed to the essentials so I could keep the zero destinies out of my deck, while I could still get good activation and good drains. Tosche + Obi makes for great activation, but you really want to keep it protected. The Audience Chamber is to convert the DS' against COTVG or any other AC dependant Dark deck. Other locations are based around drains and activation.

Characters
-Characters are also pretty simple. Two of every EPP, for good protection. Ben Kenobi x2 for Tosche Station. Chewbacca is good for ground pound, but I prefer to put him in the Falcon with Lando at Tatooine, in case of ABCTTU. Monks are used to maximize drains at sites where your force icons exceed the opponents. Orrimaarko and Tawass Khaa are high ability and high powered, good for backup.

Vehicles/Starships
-Simple again. Lando In Falcon for easy space protection in one card. Combine with the Chewman, and a Landing claw, and your set. Sandspeeders are great protection with Maneuvering Flaps. Now I have 8 because I want to be careful in case of walkers. And the more ground pound you've got, the better off you'll be. Also to be used with T-47 Battle Formation to yet again maximize drains.

Weapons/Devices
-Anakin's Saber is for Leia (and yes characters can carry more than one weapon, as stated in the glossary, but no duplicates and may only fire one per battle). Obi's Saber is for Ben. Landing Claw for the Falcon.

Interrupts
-I wanted to use interrupts which optimize the decks effectiveness, while providing Hunt Down protection. Gift Of The Mentor is to search for a saber or for extra battle destiny (retrieve with Celebration after use). Glancing Blow and TFISWTO provides enough dueling protection. For Visage, i just suck up the damage and retrieve it later. t-47 Battle Formation is self-explanatory at this point. The signal is for starting, and searching for effects (Duh).Nabrun Leids can be helpful every once in a while (even with IAO).

Effects
-I'll just say it bluntly I love Beggars (the card). I love seeing the opponent's face when I use up his/her force they've been saving for the past few turns, then retrieve Beggar with Celebration. Do Or Do Not and Wise Advice are for SAC abuse. Maneuvering Flaps and Celebration are also self-explanatory now. TPTFF will haulter drains at a single planet. Goo Nee Tay is always helpful. WAYTTPOU is to take care of annoying Interrupts. Yarna protects duplicates. And that's that...

Weaknesses
Has a serious space weakness, but with Lando In falcon, Chewbacca and a landing Claw you should be OK (I was).

This is a cool deck to play. Especially when you see your opponent's face as you completely alter the startegy they thought you were playing. Thanks for reading

Note I thought about using this same startegy except with Bespin, but decided to go wih Tatooine because it had many more advantages over Bespin. Such as
1.)TPTFF. Nuff' said.
2.)Beggar
3.)Tosche Station/Obi
4.)Speeders
There are more reasons but these were the main ones that helped me make my decision.

Another note Go check out my DS deck that also went undefeated at the tournament
X-treme ISB- 'It's Not Dead Yet...'	'