---
layout: post
author: edmund "edmund" gray
title: 'Cloud City Profit?!'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-23
description: 'Cause big damage with direct damage as well as force draining in the saftey of interior CC sites.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Start(8)
Profit
Alien Han
JP
AC
HFTMF
Insurrection
Uh-Oh
Do, or Do Not

Locations(6)
Tant DB
CC DB
CC Core Tunnel
CC Carbonite Chamber
CC West Gallery
CC Guest Quarters

Characters(23)
EPP Luke x3
EPP Obi x3
EPP Leia x2
EPP Han
ECC Lando x2
Chewbaca
Wedge
Harc Seff
Thriss
Elom x8

Vehicles(2)
Lift Tubes x2

Ships(2)
RL in R1
GL in G1

Devices(2)
Landing Claw x2

Effects(6)
Wise Advice
Order To Engage
Bo Shuda
Projection x2
Bargaining Table

Interrupts(11)
Tunnel x5
Signal x2
Nar Shada
Lift Tube Escape
Sorry About the Mess x2 

Strategy: 

Please know what Bo Shuda(JP), Uh-Oh(JP), lift tube(Premiere), and lift tube escape(CC) do before reviewing this.

Basically you use the tunnel visions and signals to get wise advice, order to engage, cc sites, and fortify these sites.  Ignore the profit part, except for deploying Bo Shuda, for a while and play a normal drain/battle game, until you have lost ten force, then deploy an Elom(or ideally Harc Seff) to the AC.  With Order to Engage out your opponent will lose three force a turn because he can&#8217;t attack via Bo Shuda, or they will vacate the AC allowing you to rescue Han with no problem. Just continue the normal drain on CC game, and let the direct damage and your force drains finish your opponent off.

With the Landing Claws and Bargaining Table you should be able to slow down space decks enough to win.

Insurrection allows you to pull two dbs, look through your deck before using tunnel vision or signal, makes Chewie and Wedge forfeit +2, and protects from Elis.

The Interior sites provide good walker protection and provide for good activation and drains(especially with Thriss&#8217;s bonus.)

The deck can fight very well, especially if you can get the reacting lift tubes going, and Lando adding a battle destiny.  The destiny of the deck is pretty solid as well with all the Eloms.

Lift Tube Escape allows you to either pull a Lift Tube, place a lift tube on your used pile(destiny 6) as well as a destiny 5 used interrupt, or react away with a lift tube.

The one Narshada allows a little bit of retrieval, as well as being able to pull an elom.

Sorry about the mess can take care of spies and other problems.

The activation of this deck is not great but it should still be enough, you start with 5+what opponent gives, can pull 2 DB, and 2 of the CC sites provide 2 icons.

You will also have the advantage of having a creative profit deck, which is hard to find these days.

bye. 