---
layout: post
author: John "Parn12" Digiovanni
title: 'Greased Monkey Rolls (mmm... delicious)'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-27
description: 'Monkey Ties with a side of bacon, please.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (5)
Wakeelmui
Prepared Defenses
Combat Response
Mobilization Points
Oppressive Enforcement

Locations (4)
Kuat
Sullust
Kashyyyk
Endor

Characters (11)
DS-181-4
Admiral Piett
Baron Soontir Fel
Lieutenant Hebsly
DS-61-2
DS-181-3
Commander Merrejk
Admiral Chiraneau
Major Mianda
Major Turr Phennir
DS-61-3

Starships (Big Ones) (4)
Flagship Executor
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser

Starships (Little Ones/Monkies) (12)
Saber 1
Scythe Squadron TIE x3
Saber 4
Scythe 1
TIE Interceptor
Saber 3
Scythe 3
Black 2
Saber 2
Black 3

Interrupts (19)
Tallon Roll x3 (Rolls!)
Counter Assault x3
Twi’Lek Advisor x2
I Can’t Shake Him
Dark Maneuvers x4 (Grease)
Imperial Barrier
Imperial Command x2
All Power To Weapons x3

Effects (2)
Pride Of The Empire
Sienar Fleet Systems

Weapons (3)
SFS L-s9.3 Laser Cannons x3 

Strategy: 

Okay, this deck is just a lot of fun to play here and there.  Its not just drop down and kill you every time, but more a good surprise to keep the game fresh.	And for all of you who say the Rolls are dead, screw you.  What was it, Antilles Maneuver (or was it Corellian Slip-up?)... who plays that anymore?  So Tallon Rolls are begging to be played.. only 2 people who can possibly pose a problem... god Wedge in RS1 is tough to stop... but I’ve done it, hehe.  As for GS1... well, just beat it to hell without mercy.  Cruisers are a pain as well, but there’s not a big enough fleet to take down all the TIES who have as much power as they do for cheaper deploy.  Not a perfect set-up, and a lot can go wrong, but hey, when it works, it hurts.

Game Play:
grab Kuat first thing with Mob Points, between that place and Wakeelmui you get 4 generation... plus it gives up 0 icons, and it costs +1 for him to move to either system.  Try to get a Twi’Lek early to grab that SFS, but in reality, SFS isn’t totally critical, just really nice.  Either way, if you’re playing ground, establish a little space and spread for drains.  You can always use Imp Commands to grab Piett, toss him on something and grab Merrejk soon after with Piett and toss him down on something and start grabbing drain 2 systems.  If he’s playing wimpy scouts or crummy aliens, hehe, make him pay with a counter assault.. come on, packing all those 4’s, 5’s, and 6’s... life is gonna suck.  And he should learn a valuable lesson after the first one, and that may be enough to put the game in your hands.  If not, wash, rinse, and repeat.  Laser Cannons are a good match, especially to give you a chance against RS1 or GS1 if they’re being a pain, draw a 4 with making x=3 and god Wedge dies, plus you can then play I Can’t Shake Him for another destiny (or use it to go and get other laser cannons).  Pride of the Empire... well, I have TIE/lns... its brutal on those, and this card belongs in any deck with some TIES... that direct damage can flip games easy.	Plus, a TIE/ln with Pride is also +2 power, which in essence gives you another +2 to your Tallon Rolls.  As for starships... Dreadnaughts, no brainer... Flagship, cheap.  Scythe Squadron TIE, these things are almost god-like for disposable rollers... 1 power, 4 maneuver.  Add 1 to power AND Maneuver, so that’s already 7 on rolls.  4 deploy is a little much, but these are non-unique starfighter killing machines.  Plus with SFS out, they recycle back into used pile when the soak up some attrition to save your capital pilots, and recycling a destiny 4 isn’t a bad idea.	Scythe and Black TIES.. well, these guys handle everything that is questionable for the little non-uniques.  DS-61-2 on Black 2 = 4 power, 5 maneuver, or 9 for a tallon roll.	That extra 2 can be life or death in this deadly game of twists and turns.  But look at it this way too... x-wing = maneuver of 4, roll of 4+destiny.  Scythe Squadron Tie = roll of 7+destiny, he needs to draw a destiny of your destiny +4 to kill you, not very probable.  But then we forget about all the other things you can do... Dark Maneuvers (+1 power, +2 maneuver for rest of turn).  Okay, so now that little TIE is up to 10+destiny, god Wedge = 12+destiny in GS1.  With a Dready its +1 power (11+destiny)... if he initiated the battle, surely it’ll be +2 power from All Power To Weapons (for remainder of turn) (13+destiny), and if you win the battle and are fortunate enough, you’ll play Pride of the Empire for another 2 power for a grand total of 15+destiny, now all of a sudden god Wedge doesn’t look too manacing.  And that’s with a generic Scythe Squadron TIE (and did I mention pesky Scythe 3’s pilot can take 1 maneuver away from a starfighter?).  That’s a "optimum" situation, but when it happens, its a good day to roll everything at the same system, because it pretty much dies right then and there.  Tallon Rolls are good during battle, can get rid of some ability, which is a pain in the least, plus it can sway the total power race in your favor to get out Pride of the Empire and start draining and doing direct damage.  Weapons aren’t too much of a threat either, as Dark Maneuvers can save a TIE if he manages to barely beat your maneuver with the draw (hey, says it on the card...play it after a destiny draw against its maneuver).  Things that tend to hurt this deck are grabbers (not strong in this particular area... but I know they hurt), ground focused deck... I rely on battles a bit to recycle most of my hand.  Ground power decks are hard to couter assault, so I pretty much gotta stuff the full amount of their drains all game and lose that intimidation.  Training is always a pain in the rear, but its rarely played out here anymore, so I tend not to worry so much.  Every deck has a chink of 5, but its best not to advertise them all over town, yanno?

Match-ups:

HB:
Start out with this one because it is funny.  Swarms are harder to manhandle, but it’ll still pull out ahead.  In battles TIES are too beef to stop, sorry, gotta say it.	Matching+All Power To Weapons = nightmarish ties.  And Fel really sucks to have to go against.	An Admiral on a capital + Fel in Saber 1 can equal out to 3 or 4 destiny (4 if you play I Can’t Shake him and peg something with Fel for 1).  Do the math, even drawing an average of 3 means 9 to 12 battle destiny+1 for each Interceptor there... battle destiny alone should make up for the swarming.  If they’re matching they put the game in your hands.  Tallon Rolls are most effective when they take out 5 or more power per ship... 6/7 power matching X-Wing vs. 3/4 power non-unique.	And most of the time Tallon Rolls are rigged anyways, so you’ll pretty much knock out anything... even Hobbie on RS4.  He’s giving you more systems to force drain at, so you can beat him down and pick and choose where you stand and fight.  Laugh really hard if he plays Coruscant.  Sure that first TIE and Pilot or Dready’ll be normal deploy... but then the whoop down starts.  Take it to him there, suddenly the game ends.

EBO:
See HB, take care with capitals... can’t roll them, hehe.	Still, he gives you systems to drain at... and if he’s getting them with ANSB, they gotta have 2 icons for him... figure it out.

Profit:
Don’t see it, don’t play it... just beat it.	He’ll have direct damage, but typically he’ll have a mix of big and smaller stuff, so that should open a window or two for Counter Assaults.. drain drain drain, and coax him to battle to beat him silly and then hit him with your own direct damage.

Agents in the Court:
Never played it, but unless its Wookies (I’m laughing at the thought), you should be able to counter assault it with good success... sucks if he plays Underworld Contacts (the thing that makes drains uncancelable and unmodifible if he’s got two beedy eyed pricks).  He prolly won’t battle in space, the chicken wuss, so drain him all you can.  Oh, and don’t battle on the ground, you’ll prolly lose.

TRM:
Don’t battle them on the ground... if you do, I’ll find out who you are and come out there and torch your cards.  Drain in space, maybe he’ll grow some and come and play with you in space.. or maybe not.  Just do what you do, either way.

QMC:
Independants suck... can’t roll them... hell, who cares if some alien or rebel owns it... if it flies, shoot it down I say.  Ah well, decipher had to go and take most of the fun out of it.  Live with it, should still be able to do some damage.  Laser Cannons in the clouds is fun!

Scouts:
Whee!  Counter Assaults, that really sucks to have happen, yanno?  A bunch of 2 power scouts is easy pickings.	If its TIGIH... well, he won’t get Luke captured, and its not like there is a light side Your Destiny (other than Test 6, and that’s a long time away to have to worry about).

Other Stuff:
I’m not your mother, figure it out on your own. 