---
layout: post
author: ! Patrick "Fiftytwo" Mathieson
title: ! 'FiftyTwo BHBM Beatdown'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-25
description: ! 'Uses the objective to its full extent. EPP Vader captures Luke and beats on his buddies, with a little help from the Emperors Power.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (6)
DS2 Throne Room
DS2 Docking Bay
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Endor Back Door
Tatooine Docking Bay 92
Tatooine Cantina

Characters (22)
Emperor Palpatine
Darth Vader w/ Lightsaber x8
Mara Jade, The Emperors Hand x2
Miiyoom Onith x3
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Myn Kyneugh
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle
Dengar with Blaster Carbine
Bossk with Mortar Gun
IG-88 with Riot Gun
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle

Starships (1)
Executor

Vehicles (3)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Tempest Scout 6
Tempest Scout x2

Weapons (1)
Mara Jades Lightsaber

Effects (11)
Insignificant Rebellion
Your Destiny
Secret Plans
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
The Emperors Power
Reactor Terminal
Presence of the Force x2
First Strike
Oppressive Enforcement

Interrupts (13)
Prepared Defenses
Imperial Barrier x3
Sense x3
Alter x3
Rise, My Friend x3

Objective
Bring Him Before Me/Take Your Fathers Place '

Strategy: '

For the most part, BHBM decks have been used straightforwardly, trying to capture and turn Luke. Then I started thinking of other ways to use the objective. I looked at what it does

1) It pulls Throne Room, which in turn pulls The Emperor’s Power.

2) It pulls the Emperor, which pulls Force Lightning, is a decent character, and fulfills The Emperor’s Power.

3) It pulls Insignificant Rebellion and Your Destiny, which help turn Luke and help flush him out.

4) It lets you capture Luke, flipping the objective, and effectively giving you an advantage in that battle.

5) It lets you turn Luke with the help of Insignificant Rebellion, or makes the opponent lose force if they lose the duel. If he’s turned, the opponent loses the game.

So I decided to see what would happen if I didn’t try to turn Luke. Basically, the deck uses EPP Vader to capture Luke and beatdown on his buddies. EPP Vader is forfieted so he can come back next turn and do more beatdown, flipping the objective back so I don’t lose any force. If Luke is alone, I use my other guys to beat him up. If he survives, the opponent will most likely give him some backup for another attack. Then Vader comes in again for a beatdown. Simple. The Emperor stays in his Throne Room and uses The Emperor’s Power to give you an extra destiny. And then you have the built-in lightsaber which hits most of the time and cuts there forfiet down. You can effectively win the game in one battle

If the opponent doesn’t have a Luke, then Your Destiny comes in and hurts him. If you end up not losing Vader, then use Rise, My Friend to take him into hand. Use your cronies to beat up on Luke until he gives Luke some backup. Most of the time you don’t want Luke to die, because he can come back from the lost pile and shackle himself to Vader. In that case, you probably want to save Rise, My Friend and just sacrafice Vader, taking some guys with him. If you eventually can’t beat your opponent with this strategy, you can try to turn Luke. With all the cards on Insignificant Rebellion at this point, it should be no sweat. You have enough other guys to hurt them anyway. And, this is one BHBM deck that can actually drain

The last surprise is that the opponent will probably think that you’re playing to turn Luke, so you get that element of surprise anyway.

Example of Vader Beatdown
---

Master Luke is sitting at the AC with 2 Eloms. You have EPP Vader in hand, so you slam him down along with 4-LOM, capture Luke, and battle. First Strike is out, so you retrieve a force and the opponent loses some force. Vader swings at an Elom and hits. 4-LOM cancels an Elom’s game text so he’s only power 1. You get a destiny, it’s a 4. Then an Emperor’s Power destiny, and you draw another 4. They draw a destiny of 4, and try to use a destiny adder interrupt, but you Sense it with ease. So you have power 8 with 8 attrition, they have power 5 with 4 attrition. They lose both Eloms, 4 force, you just lose Vader, the objective is flipped back so you don’t lose any force, and Luke comes back to the other size. So their total loss is 2 Eloms, 4 force, a First Strike force, and a force to Insignificant Rebellion. You just lose Vader. You move away 4-LOM to prevent a beatdown from them.

Turn by turn
---

Pre Use Prepared Defenses to pull IAO and Mobilization Points

Turn 1 Before you activate, pull The Emperor’s Power. You will get at least 3 force, so search for the Emperor and DS2 Docking Bay and put him there. If he’s in your hand or force pile, wait until next turn.

Turn 2 If the Emperor is out, you will have at least 7 force to activate. Try to hold off Vader until they put out Luke. However, if there is only 1 battleground out, it’s okay to put him there since Luke has to be at a battleground, so Luke is yours or Your Destiny kicks in. Put somebody (preferably M’iiyoom) at the DS2 Docking Bay and move the Emperor to the Throne Room.

Turn 3 Begin the beatdowns

Questions
---

Eight Vaders??? Yes, it’s a lot, but you’ll be sacraficing him each time so it’s important to always have one on hand.

Cantina and Back Door? To help with the draining that so many BHBM decks don’t have. Plus some xtra activation.

M’iiyoom? Prevents a mains beatdown from your opponent. You have more than enough activation to handle the force use.

4-LOM w/ weapon? Probably one of the best characters yet. Cancels game text That means that Ben can’t revive characters or has immunity, and EPP Han and Leia don’t get the extra battle destinies

Just 1 ship? This is a ground-based deck. The Executor can be pulled by Mobilization Points, and can make a beatdown on a lone ship, and it gets a BD anyway from The Emperor’s Power.

Secret Plans? Profit and MWYHL protection.

Presence of the Force? Not to be used to create a battleground, instead for larger drains.

First Strike? This is a beatdown deck. Enough said.

Oppressive Enforcement? Sense and Alter protection. You can probably handle it with your own Senses and Alters, but for decks that run like 5 each, it helps.

Imperial Barrier? I’m making the beatdowns, not the opponent. Recyclable 4.

Sense and Alter? Well, let’s see... with the Emperor, and no 7s in this deck, I make every single one Recyclable 3 and 4.

Deck Strategies
---

Profit Start Secret Plans and get M’iiyoom out quick. Use her to take out their mains from hand. If Master Luke comes out (which he most surely will), send Vader out for the beatdowns.

There is Good in Him Start First Strike, and again try to get M’iiyoom out. Don’t deploy anybody to the DB, but convert it so the opponent’s guys stay on Endor. Wait again until Luke teams up with some of his buddies (General Solo, for example) and bring in Vader.

Hidden Base Space Pull Executor into hand early and wait for a beatdown opportunity. Get Vader out quickly so Your Destiny kicks in.

Hidden Base Mains Start First Strike. Basically same strategy as Profit (except for the Master Luke part). They’ll probably have docking bays, so convert them quickly.

New JPSD Objective Start First Strike. Invade Tatooine and unless they’re playing mains, keep Vader at the Tat DB in case he needs to evacuate.

EBO Move your guys in and use Presence to invade Echo Base. If they’re Farm Boy Luke, he’ll be in space, so Vader can rest easy on the ground and Your Destiny will take them down.


Well, that’s my deck. Feel free to review.

Thanks,
Patrick "FiftyTwo" Mathieson '