---
layout: post
author: ! Tom "Gand" Culpepper
title: ! "CCISB	beta"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-26
description: ! 'just the beta version.	definetly need feedback/criticism on this one'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(6)
ISB Operations/Empires Sinister Agents
Coruscant DB
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
Prepared Defenses
Imperial Decree??

Locations(6)
Bespin Cloud City
CC Downtown Plaza
CC East Platform
CC Port Town District
CC Upper Walkway
Rendili

Characters(22)
Outer Rim Scout x5
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x2
Mara Jade
Grand Moff Tarkin
Chyler x2
Tibana Gas Miner x3
Admiral Ozell
Navy Trooper Vesden(odds killer)
Corpral Vandolay
Chall Bekan
Emperor Palpatine
Janus
Sim Aloo
Dr. Evazan

Vehicles/Starships(4)
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Tempest Scout 6

Weapons(3)
Vaders Saber x2
Mara Jades Saber

Effects(9)
Den of Thieves
Dark Deal x2
Secret Plans
Search And Destroy
Disarmed
Laterial Damage
Hell to Pay
Crush The Rebellion

Interupts(10)
Twelik	Advisor x2
Sniper
Imperial Barrier
You Are Beaten
Nevar Yalnal
Ghhk
Masterful Move
Abyssin Ornament x2

'

Strategy: '

Starting effects depend on opponent.  I use Crush aginst anything that is mains/beats type to stop the extra destiny draws, Imperial Decree against drain decks such as EBO, and Secret Plans agiast retrieval decks like MWYHL.

I have the Coruscant DB as a jump point, yes the activation has the potential to suck, but on the first turn you are able to pull another DB and a 2 force planet, so it will not slow you down for long.  As you look for docking bays, keep in mind your CC sites and draw up if they are not in reserve.  Control the Corusant DB early for extra force, even with a scrub if you have Nevar and Imperial Barrier in hand.
  Deploy Den of Thieves and Chyler.  As you find your Cloud City sites start deploying them(I leave Port Town District in the middle, all the aliens are deploy -1 there) and get out some agents to flip ISB.
  Once ISB is flipped drop out BespinCloud City and a BH ship to set up Dark Deal.  Now all drains are +3, +4 where you have a lightsaber.  If you manage to hold all four of your CC locations then the drain potential is 18 at just the four locations.  Keep in mind all your bonuses, the +4 for Dark Deal, +1 per starship while you control BespinCloud City.

I have no idea how well this will work, and I am thinking of changing out Decree and a couple characters to add in Bespin and Occupation for a little direct damage.


This deck needs a lot of work, and I need as much constructive critisism as I can get on it.  Thanks


'