---
layout: post
author: ! Brian "Red 81" Guthrie
title: ! "Tatooine Celebration/OMDH"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-01-09
description: ! 'This deck uses HB as a ruse to get out Tatooine and Alderaan for late game OMDH retrieval.Tatooine Celebration is a natural extension of this strategy.It is primarily a ground battle deck, but can hold its own in space (it just needs to hold on to 1-2'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations/Objective (11)
Hidden Base
Rendevous Point (s)
Alderaan (x2) - HB location
Tatooine
Tibrin
Tatooine Tosche Station
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber

Ships, Vehicles, Weapons, Devices (8)
Millenium Falcon (x2)
RLR1 and GLG1
Spiral
Tantive IV
Redemption
Obi's Saber

Characters (22)
Ben Kenobi (x2)
EPP Obi
EPP Luke (x3)
EPP Leia (x2)
Captain Han (x2)
ECC Lando
ECC Chewie
Orrimarko
Taws Khaa
Melas
Bo Shek
Harc Seff
Wedge Antilles
Jeroen Webb
Derek Klivian
Biggs Darklighter
Commander Vanden Willard

Effects/Interrupts (19)
The Signal (x2)
Insurrection (s)
Battle Plan
Wise Advice
WYTTPOU
Ulitimatum
Tatooine Celebration (x2)
Our Most Desperate Hour (x2)
The Planet Its Farthest From
Bacta Tank
Mantellian Savrip
Order to Engage
Glancing Blow
Courage of a Skywalker
Eject, Eject
Transmission Terminated '

Strategy: '

The deck starts with HB and Insurrection, but is primarily a ground deck (I almost always start Insurrection, but will use Wise Advice against a known SAC player and Battle Plan against Operatives).  If the opponent wastes his starting interrupt to pull Security Precautions, all the better
Use the objective to pull Tatooine and Tibrin for early force generation, but don't deploy Alderaan until later in the game  Your opponent will quickly realize you're playing ground once you set up shop on Tatooine, so you want OMDH to come as a surprise later in the game.
There are 2 spies and 1 Transmission Terminated to deal with HDADTJ, which is the deck of choice in Central Texas.  Lots of people like to duel, so Courage and Glancing Blow are also must haves.  With the release of ECC and EJP, I've added Eject Eject to deal with Boba in Slave I.  I may add another, but deck space is tight.

This deck is a variation on my old Harvest deck, but I've found Celebration to be a more reliable retrieval engine.  Tibrin is nice if you lose a vital card to a force drain, or to retrieve OMDH near the end of the game.

Comments are welcomed.	This deck is strong against most deck types, but can struggle against a dedicated space deck. '