---
layout: post
author: ! Steve "morbius 18" Sochalski
title: ! "  N Together Now"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-01-29
description: ! 'I took this title from the Limp Bizkit and Method Man song, cause when your epps come down together, s#$ts gettin messed up.'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'Deck Detail
Cards 60

Locations (7)

1 Cloud City Carbonite Chamber
1 Cloud City Lower Corridor
1 Dagobah
1 Dagobah Swamp
1 Dagobah Training Area
1 Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
1 Rendezvous Point

Characters (20)

1 Captain Han Solo
1 Chewie With Blaster Rifle
1 Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
1 Harc Seff
1 Jeroen Webb
1 Lando With Blaster Pistol
2 Leia With Blaster Rifle
3 Luke With Lightsaber
1 Melas
3 Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
1 Orrimaarko
1 Tawss Khaa
1 Wedge Antilles
1 Yoda
1 Yoxgit

Starships (6)

1 Gold Leader In Gold 1
2 Millennium Falcon
1 Red Leader In Red 1
1 Redemption
1 Tantive IV

Interrupts (19)

1 Courage Of A Skywalker
2 Don't Forget The Droids
2 Gift Of The Mentor
1 Glancing Blow
1 I Know
2 Out Of Commission
2 Shocking Information
2 Sorry About The Mess
1 The Force Is Strong With This One
2 The Signal
2 Transmission Terminated
1 Under Attack

Effects (7)
1 Order to Engage
1 Bacta Tank
1 Battle Plan
1 Draw Their Fire
1 Traffic Control
2 Landing Claw

Objective

Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can
'

Strategy: '

The Training Area is supposed to be yoda's hut



Start Mind what you Have learned, Imagine that.
I usually dont start with an Effect, unless I know that they are playing ops for sure.	I like the high destinies in my deck too much.	The deck is an attack deck.  I only have 2 battlegrounds in the deck because, the majority of the good dark side decks throw out a battleground early on, If not, Harc Seff and the Tantive IV will help catch them off guard.	I have alot of high destinies in the deck to help with the Epps to reduce forfeit and draw high destinies with my extra destiny cards.

Against Ops  Battle Plan, Order to Engage, and there are enough Ability 4 characters to make them hurt.  Blockade their planet with the falcon and layeth the smacketh down.

Isb  Almost the same as opps.

Hunt Down (W/O dueling)  Beat the crap out of stuff, with the transmission terminated and Jeroen Webb, Visage shouldn't be a problem.  I play just as many Lukes and Obi's as the dark side plays vaders, and with bacta tank, 2 Gift of the mentors, The force is strong with this one, you will kill Vader, the apply some out of commission on his a$$.

Hunt Down (w Dueling)	Courage and Glancing Blow, and the same stragety as Hunt Down without Dueling.

New Stupid EJP Objective  Use your sticks and high destinies to your advantage, plus this objective blows.

Raltiir Ops  This will be a tough game.  Thats the reason that I play Patch (Orimarkko), tawas and melas to surprise them,  Bad feeling have I does not apply.  Harc seff will help too.  Battle plan is strong against this, but they can only drain for 1, so...  Try to get down early so they dont flip, even the loaded Falcon at the system can keep them from flipping.

Big Blue  BE PATIENT.	This is key especially if you go against an Ominous Roumors deck.  Use the landing claws and the Interior sites to drain.  Lando with another alien at CC draws two destinies, and with stacking this is actully a trap for EPP obi and luke to come down with a Gift of the Mentor.  The falcon with I know should be used to kill ships at any other system but Endor.  A drain of two is far easier to deal with then a drain of 4.

Bacta Tank is awsome, but dont depend on it.

'