---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "faramir" Dalton
title: ! "Jersey-style Tatooine Mains"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-01-31
description: ! "Mains & Toys deck starting Obi's Hut trying to counter most popular DS decks out right now."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (10)
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Rendezvous Point
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Obi-Wan's Hut (starting location)
Endor Chief Chirpa's Hut
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room

Characters (18)
Artoo
Ben Kenobi  x2
Boushh
Chewbacca
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Harc Seff
Jeroen Webb
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Luke With Lightsaber  x2
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Oola
Orrimaarko
R3PO (Ar-Threepio)
Tawss Khaa
Wedge Antilles

Weapons (2)
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber  x2

Starships (3)
Lando In Millennium Falcon
Spiral
Tantive IV

Effects (8)
A Gift
Bacta Tank
Goo Nee Tay
Order To Engage
Traffic Control
Undercover
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?
Wise Advice

Interrupts (19)
Alter  x2
Careful Planning
Don't Forget The Droids  x3
Glancing Blow
Grimtaash  x2
Nabrun Leids  x2
Sense  x3
Shocking Information  x2
Sorry About The Mess
The Signal  x2 '

Strategy: '

Note I hate Toschi Station.  1st off I wouldn't start w/ it a lot of times cause I prefer to convert my opponent's location.  2nd it's a very unreliable method of activating force, hence I play 10 locations instead.

Note #2 read Dirk Pitt's review and noticed that Savrip was missing, if you read my TReport you know I played it.  I took out Wise Advice for the Savrip cause I didn't expect much Sense/Alter competition.  Chief Chirpa's Hut is in there cause it can help cancel Endor Ops, and it's inside so it's easier to defend than 1 of the exterior Yavin 4 2/0 sites.

There's numerous possible starts w/ this deck, it all depends on what you see your opponent starting with.  If they start Hunt Down I'd go for Goo Nee Tay, as there's no point in giving them a place to drop their Vader.	You'd rather him not on Tatooine anyway.  If they start w/ Court of the Vile Gangster or Operatives then you'll want to go for JPAC to convert theirs or setup for A Gift.  If they start any Tatooine location and Combat Readiness then get TatJP to deny them theirs.  If they start Endor Ops you prolly wanna go for Mos Eisley and get ready to setup some Cantina Shuffle.  Basically just go w/ whatever you think is best.  Getting JPAC is always good cause Walkers can't go there and you can get A Gift going for an extra undercover spy.

Strategy against popular DS decks

DS Ops - gonna be a very long game as you won't drain much.  Get A Gift setup w/ some Senses for any anti-droid/spy stuff they have.  Then take the fight to their planet w/ Order to Engage going, hopefully you can flip them back or at the least cause 3 damage per turn w/ OtE.  Oola can help if they're relying on unique males.

Hunt Down - wait for Vader to deploy somewhere and then drop Ben and/or Luke somewhere else.  Visage is okay if you are both losing to it.  Invade the Executor to drain if needed.  If they've got space try to get some ships w/ EPP Han or EPP Leia to draw multiple destinies and let them chase you around.  Oola can keep them from picking up Vader and drop him down, but watch out for Shocking Rev., it's no big deal if they're playing it cause Oola is not that important, but she's great if they're not.  Grimtaas used, then drain, then Oola, can be very devastating.

Scum and Villany decks - you should get a decent force choke going, as most of them rely on TatJP to get force and you won't give them much.	Take over their locations and use Ben to win battles.  A Gift can be devastating.  Try to keep multiple mains together so you can avoid any getting captured by killing whoever captures 1 of your guys.


It's a pretty versatile deck, has some weaknesses but I mainly built it cause it's a fun LS deck that actually takes the battle to the DS (to some degree anyway).  Please gimme some criticism or tell me what you like about it if you decide to review it.  Telling me 'awesome deck', or 'this sucks' really doesn't accomplish anything.  Thanks.

'