---
layout: post
author: ! Rich "ONE-ARM" Jeffery
title: ! "Tinker Toyz 2 The Revenge of the Scouts"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-02
description: ! 'This is a new version of a pervious deck. The name refers to the fact that mid-game it can build up to almost anything.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Rebel Strike Team
Endor
Rebel Landing Site
HFTMF
Strike Planning
Squadron Assignments
1 Other Effect

Characters
General Solo
General Crix Madine
General Calrissian
Nein Nunb
Luke Skywalker Jedi Knight
Daughter Of Skywalker
Leia with Gun
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk
Wuta
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Orrimaarko
Colonel Cracken
Leiutenant Blount
Corporal Midge
Sergeant Junkin
Major Panno
Corporal Beezer
Corporal Kensaric
Ithorian x3
Tycho Celchu
Jek Porkins

Effects
Insurrection
Your Insight Serves You Well
Menace Fades
Wise Advise
Close Air Support
Honor Of The Jedi
Reactor Terminal
What’re You Trying To Push On Us?

Admiral’s Orders
I’ll Take The Leader x2

Interrupts
I Know
Rebel Leadership x2
Insertion Planning x3
Punch It
Darklighter Spin (God)
The Signal x2

Ships
Gold Squadron 1
Red Squadron 1
Tala 1
Tala 2
Green Squadron 3
Red 6

Sites
Endor Landing Platform
E Dense Forest
E Back Door
E Hidden Forest Trail

Weapons
Luke’s Lightsaber
'

Strategy: '

Okay the start is fairly simple. YISYW against BHBM and Hunt down(I may put TTs in instead of this bnut most people still have not purchased the JPOSTD), Menace Fades vs. ISB, Walker Garrison, Court ETC. First turn grab Madine and another General. Drop Madine grab Chewie and Wuta Put them all at the Landing site. Grab sites.

Card Explanations

Insurrection This is great to start versus other Ground decks. It let’s you pull the Docking bay (I’ll tell you about this later) and gives many characters a bonus.

I’ll Take the Leader This helps your ships, gives you a drain bonus at the docking bay AND let’s you recycle your dead ships for other pilots to hold Endor With. (Read my Tourney Report of the Grand Slam to see this in action.)

Scouts Most of them help by flipping and with text. The choices are fairly obvious.

Generals I was thinking about pulling an Ithorian for General Dodonna (Forfeit 7 with Insurrection) and pulling reactor Terminal for another Rebel Leadership. Please tell me what you think of that Idea.

Close Air Support This card Rules

Darklighter Spin This card is Money. I’ve used it to take down the Executor to Attrition. (two destiny’s this card and a 6).

Jek Porkins His Ship is God.

Sites The bare Esstenials. Not too Many not too few.

Matchups
BHBM-If he doesn’t pull force lightning you may want to stick a guy at the Throne Room, but I usually do NOT do this. Mind your own Business and just stop anything he drops to Endor. Give him Luke Eventually but only after you have established yourself.

Hunt Down-I’m thinking about putting in Trasnmission Terminated’s to counter this type of deck, but as I said before the JPOSTD hasn’t sold to many here yet.

RalOps-Dead for the most part. I can get a first or second turn Lando in Falcon to Raltiir to keep it from flipping...Gosh I haven’t played against a good RalOps in Ages I really don’t know what else I’d do.

TIEs-HOLD ENDOR Even if you can only keep your objective flipped for 2 or three turns it’s worth it. The Drain Bonuses make up for it.

Court-Honor of the Jedi helps, But play defensively. If the Damage get’s through drop Luke with Saber to a Tatooine site, but don’t spend to many resources.

Ending Notes This deck wins when the person playing it is able to form it to meet the situation. I have tried to balance Space and Ground and put in only the most effective cards. I would appreciate and suggestions I can get. Especially about the things that I have mentioned (General Dodonna, etc.)

Thanks For Looking
Rich Jeffery II
ONE-ARM
Minnesota
'