---
layout: post
author: Michael "the sniper" Trepanier
title: 'The sniper's court of the imperials'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-15
description: ! 'Very strange deck that is a completely revised version of a court of the vile ganster deck. This is a numbers deck that uses imperials with the court objective and has great activation.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)

Court of the vile ganster / ISEWYD

Locations (10)

Tatooine Great pit of carkoon
Jabba's Palace Audience chamber
JP dungeon
Tatooine docking bay 94
Cloud city east platform (DB)
Endor Landing Platform (DB)
Spaceport DB
Coruscant DB
D2 DB
Gall

Characters (27)

M'iiyoom Onith
Tonnika Sisters
Navy Trooper
Captain Sarkli
General Veers
Imperial Commander x2
Imperial Squad leader x3
Elite Squadron Stormtrooper x3
Stormtrooper x5
Stormtrooper Cadet x6
Darth Vader
Darth Vader DLOTS
Darth Vader with lightsaber

Starfighters (4)

IG-88 in IG-2000
Bossk in Hounds Tooth x2
Boba Fett in slave 1

Interrupts (11)

Prepared defenses
Abyssin Ornament
Dark Jedi Presence x2
Trooper Assault x5
Twi'lek Advisor x2

Effects (7)

Mobilization Points
Security Precautions
Well Guarded
Strategic reserves
Reactor terminal
Secret Plans
An entire legion of my best troops'

Strategy: '

Starting cards are-
COTVG/ISEWYD
Audience chamber
pit of carkoon
dungeon
prepared defenses
mobilization points
An entire legion of my best troops
Secret plans

One of the good things about this deck is that most of the characters deploy cheap.

On the first turn, i start by taking gall into hand from reserve deck because of mobilization points. Then i activate my 4-8 (usually 6) force depending on what my opponent gives me. I then deploy all of the locations from my hand (including gall), then deploy either D*2 DB or Coruscant DB from my reserve deck because of the objective. I will deploy as many characters as i can to the audience chamber (approximately power 13 with trooper assault), so i dont have to lose 1 force cause of the objective. if i have vader i will save him for a while.

depending on how i play my hand, i can get most my imperials power 6-12, forfeit +4, and most immune to attrition. before when i had a numbers deck, i had corulag and spaceport prefects office, and if i somehow got those two back into my deck, my troopers could be and extra power +4 and forfeit +2.

Hidden Base-

when i play against hidden base, i dont deploy gall, and as soon as i get a twilek, i use it and get security precautions. my 4 starships will be good enough to probe 6 to 7 systems and even battle. Also, i dont have to worry too much about ground attacks, so i can spread my guys out to all of the DB's and activate a ton. I also deploy stormtroopers and such as passengers for forfeit fodders.

EBO-

this is probably the hardest deck to play against. I go to hoth and occupy all 5 of the sites to cancel EBO. if they keep their characters on hoth, i beat em down on their turf and veers helps me do that. there is really no reason to put the hoth DB in my deck cause it'd be shielded anyway.

Yavin 4 throne room deck-

This deck is very uncommon around here, i have never seen one and dont know exactly how it works. but i expect that the little critters they use will be fairly easy to kill, and as long as i control a few of the DB's i'll still activate enough force to stay in the game. i'll beat up the little critters, and when they deploy some characters i'll beat them up with Vader and some of his crew. and i might go to yavin 4 with my 2 spies and beat em up there. And i figure most of my DB's wont be worth revolutioning so i'm safe with that.

Training deck-

This is why i have gall in my deck. i need to get gall out, and deploy bossk in hounds tooth there, and get out vader and a few of his crew on hounds tooth. the good thing is hounds tooth can hold 6 passengers, so vader and 5 troopers should do enough to destroy the training deck. then i hold ground on dagobah, and force drain them on dagobah and for a few on tatooine.

local uprising-

well, this is always fun, but i am not expecting to see any of these left after D*2 came out, D*2 kinda screwed this deck. but if i do see this, it should be pretty easy. i get strategic reserves out asap, and since they usually spread out to only power 5 to 10 at each site, it should be easy enough to get the one or two fatal battles out soon.

cloud city-

hmmm well i handle this a lot like i handle local uprising. i get strategic reserves out soon. then since they spread out a lot, i try to get a few fatal battles out soon. but if they flip, strategic reserves is useless, so i gotta hold either bespin cloud city, or bespin.

profit-

since i only have 2 aliens in my deck, guess what my two aliens will be... (obviously mii'yoom onith and tonnika sisters.) that only gives me a power of 3, and of course my objective is flipped, but i dont want it flipped, so i gotta move the aliens away and let them have their han. since they think i have a tatooine deck, they wont deploy to thinly. but that doesnt matter, they usually have weak aliens, and i will kill the weak ones the only problem is that they will make my imperials deploy +2 at jabbas palace sites, but no matter, i can take out the guys they put at tatooine sites, and of course deploy at tatooine sites and move to jabbas palace sites.

how to blow away the death star/one in a million-

(if i remember the words on the objective correctly, then i have to do the following) control 3 yavin 4 sites and dont let the opponent control 3 yavin 4 sites since this deck is mostly air, it shouldnt be too hard to stop the opponent from controling 3 sites. Once this gets flipped, it is vital to beat up any characters left on the ground, and try to win in the air.

there is good in him-

i really dont like this objective, and after 4 and a half hours of digging, i think i may have found a way to stop this. I do not deploy vader unless i make a beat down and forfeit him at the end of the battle. But the main thing is if they have characters at sites other than lukes, i will go kill them. but if luke feals like being captured, i will have a stormtrooper of some kind capture him. They will then transit over to cloud city, and put him in the carbonite chamber. but i have to make them lose luke, not freeze him. so if i control carbonite chamber, i need to get a 1 or 2 for destiny, that may take 2 or 3 turns to do. If anyone has a better idea of how to stop vader from being crossed over, please tell me.

ewok deck- since the ewoks cant deploy on tatooine, i use that to my advantage. i can deploy somewhat thinner than normal on tatooine and most of my DB's. About 5 or 6 turns into the game, the ewoks will be draining me for about 10 each turn, so i have to make my attack about the 3 or 4 turn. As long as they dont have power 30 with their ewoks my attack force should live just fine. You have to watch out for power 3 ewoks deploying for 1 force as a react and moving for free as a react. but since most ewoks get to a maximum of power 3, they need about 10 in battle to stop me from winning, this should be an easy game.



'