---
author: Thomas "COTEB" Dowling
title: 'Tatooine Shuffle: Profit Style'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-29
description: 'Get Some Drains the old fashioned way, Retrieve with Tat Celeb and battle if your opponent feels up to it;p'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Deck Detail
Cards: 60
    number card
	 1 Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
	 1 Tatooine
	 1 Tatooine: Anchorhead
	 1 Tatooine: Cantina
	 1 Tatooine: Jabba's Palace
	 1 Tatooine: Mos Eisley
	 1 Tatooine: Obi-Wan's Hut
	 1 2-1B (Too-Onebee)
	 1 Artoo
	 2 Ben Kenobi
	 1 Chewie With Blaster Rifle
	 2 Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
	 2 Leia With Blaster Rifle
	 2 Luke With Lightsaber
	 1 Melas
	 1 R-3PO (Ar-Threepio)
	 1 Tawss Khaa
	 1 Wedge Antilles
	 1 Gold Leader In Gold 1
	 1 Spiral
	 1 Tantive IV
	 1 Blaster Proficiency
	 1 Don't Forget The Droids
	 1 Glancing Blow
	 2 How Did We Get Into This Mess?
	 2 It Could Be Worse
	 1 Lost In The Wilderness
	 3 Sense
	 1 Slight Weapons Malfunction
	 1 Someone Who Loves You
	 1 The Signal
	 1 Transmission Terminated
	 1 Visored Vision
	 1 Weapon Levitation
	 1 A Gift
	 1 Bacta Tank
	 1 Frozen Assets
	 1 Goo Nee Tay
	 1 Insurrection
	 1 Lightsaber Proficiency
	 1 Mantellian Savrip
	 1 Mechanical Failure
	 1 Scramble
	 1 Tatooine Celebration
	 1 The Planet That It's Farthest From
	 1 Traffic Control
	 2 What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?
	 1 Wise Advice
	 1 Anakin's Lightsaber
	 1 Obi-Wan's Lightsaber
	 1 You Can Either Profit By This... / Or Be Destroyed



Strategy: 

Well This Deck uses the old school Mos Eisley Shuffle as a drain engine nothing fancy really, with Anchorhead in there to add a third site to the mix.

 Well Before I get down to draining I have to get Han back. I decided to just use EPP Han in this deck as my captive since I have no intention of waiting for me to lose 10 force before getting him back. In most cases now it seems that people aren't bothering to put down the two aliens at the AC so that's why I only have 1 Someone Who.. just in case.


 Well Once I have the Objective Flipped, have as many of the characters you can get go to Anchorhead (unless your opponent has someone there then just go to Mos Eisley)
It does take an extra turn to get your people back to anchorhead but the extra drain helps.

 Now for the reasons for some of the cards being in this deck:

 2-1B: Well This Is a back up just in case Ben gets 4-Lomed or something, also it subtracts 2 from the cost of bringing ppl back to your hand from the tank.

 Blaster Proficiency: Add 3 to your weapon destiny with a blaster I use 3 different ones 2 of em would be +4

 HDWGITM: Why Not? This thing is soo useful near the start for setting things up plus I'm using 3 droids so.

 Slight Weapons Malfunction: I think this is obvious, used destiny 4, destiny adder.

 Visored Vision: It's in there in case I don't have a grabber yet, and the occasional just getting rid of them because I know they will be a nuisence (like tramples, damn annoying cards)

 Scramble: This is one of the best cards in the game of course I'm using it.

 Lightsaber Proficiency and Obi and Anakin's sabers: Going back to the old ways of adding to drains.


 Well That's It


 COTEB







