---
author: Justin "H2O" Desai
title: 'Ralitiir opps is the best!!'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-12
description: 'This ralitiir deck has only lost once and that was to a cheesy asteroid sanc deck.Since then i've added in CHYBC so this deck should have no problems beating any type of ls deck.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 


Start(4)
ral opps
ralitiir
twilek advisor
battle plan(usually)

Locations(10)
Death star
spaceport city
spaceport pre office
spaceport db
forest
hoth 3rd marker
hoth 5th marker
hoth wampa cave
raithal (Awesome card in this deck!)
Kashyyyk

Characters(22)
3x DVDlots
GMT
Mara Jade
ecc Iggy
ecc 4lom
Igar
2x imperial comanders
irol
drelosyn
u3po
evax
davin felth
major hewex
sgt wallen
sgt bursk
drazin
sgt tarl
sgt narthax
lt pol tredium

weapons(1)
vader's saber

starships(5)
Executor
bossk in bus
fett in s1
dengar in p. one
zuckuss in mh

vehicles(3)
tempist 1
tempist scout 6
blizzard scout 1

effects
bad feeling
IAO
CHYBC
ability,ability, ability
Empire's new order
lateral damage
resistance
imperial decree
security precautions
expand the empire

Interupts(4)
masterful move
3x ghhhks(the key to the deck)




Strategy: 

Ok,
First off, alot of you have been saying i lack drain potential.  This is first of all not true, and second of al not a problem.
My drains are each 2 at ralitiir sites with a non unique leader and ETE.  Add in a drain of 2 at Kashyyyk and also at  the 3rd marker, plus a drain of 1 at raithal.  To add to that I'm making his drains -1.  I doubt I'll be losing any drain races.
Secondly, if there was the possibilty of losing a drain race, i'd just go to where they are and lay a tarkin/vader/4lom/ecc igggy beatdown.
Trust me, draining is not a problem.
And for the guy who told me that ghhhks not a good card?   Are we looking at the same card?  Frozen assets is not a problem because by the time he gets his epp hit sqd. down i'll have my sites secure and won't need a ghhhk.  ghhhk is just for me attacking his hit sqd with a character like Iggy or Jade, battle, draw a high destiny, whipe out 2 Epps and forfeit my own character..
Ghhhk is good!!!!
On to the original stratagy:  Ok,  drop battle plan as your starting interupt against most decks, unless you smell numbers in which case resistance is in order. IAO against a carefull planing deck, and bad feeling have I against MWYHL.  Drop 2-2 imperials at each site by the third turn and hopefully you'll have a ghhhk in hand so you won't have to worry about massive beatdowns.
first card you dive for should be tempist scout 6 or IAO.  Against HB space just drain on the ground and probe with your ships.
against profit just drop down Iggy and battle, capture han, then ghhhk.  Against your classic mains decks just battle and make sure you control raithal, that way many of your destinies will be 3+2(for raithal) +3 for the obj.  you'll be able to kill two epps on attrition alone!!
Forgot to add that the deck also has Bubo in it. I forgot to write him down before.  This deck uses battle plan, battleground systems and ghhhks to be very agile and very fun to play, not to mention very powerful.
Only weakness in this deck is LS ral opps but even thats not too much of a problem, just drain in space and set up the decree, and try to get out Empires new order. Let him have ralitiir.
I challenge you to come up with a deck to beat thsi, chances are you can't.
Also, Clint Hays deck would get murdered vs my deck, as soon as I saw the flaps hit the table I'd just gang up at a few sites and his power wouldn't be much more than mine.	Plus I'd be draining in space with starfighters so he couldn't claw.	Game set and match.
