---
layout: post
author: ! Scott "Darson" Carver
title: ! "Mara Jade   she s one bad mutha      "
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-06-16
description: ! "This is the deck a friend of mine uses and is more of a fun deck than anything else. Although it does take the opponent off guard because few people would expect you to play so many Mara Jade's."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective1
Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi

Locations 7
Coruscant
Coruscant Docking Bay
Dagobah Cave
Executor Meditation Chamber
Executor Holotheatre
Executor Docking Bay
Spaceport Docking Bay

Characters 18
Dannik Jerriko x3
Darth Vader, DLOTS x3
Darth Vader with Lightsaber x2
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
IG-88 with Riot Gun x2
Mara Jade x5
Navy Trooper Vesden

Starships 7
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Dengar in Punishing One
Dreadnaught x3
Executor

Interrupts 13
Lone Warrior x3
Masterful Move x2
Monnok
Omni Box x2
Shocking Revelation x2
Twi'lek Advisor x3

Effects 9
Bad Feeling Have I
Crush the Rebellion
First Strike
Reactor Terminal
There'll be hell to pay x2
Visage of the Emperor x3

Weapons 5
Mara Jade's lightsaber x3
Vader's lightsaber x2
'

Strategy: '

Doh Made a mistake already. One the the Lone Warriors should be replaced by Imperial Arrest Order, which is the decks SE.

The strategy to this deck is fairly simple. At the start of the game you pull all your docking bays to give you more force. Then you just relentlessly pound them with Vader's and Mara's. The lone warriors are in there so Vader and Mara can work indepently. One of the most important parts of the deck is Dannik Jerriko. Three may seem excessive, but when you play him right, you almost always wind up sucking up a couple of their mains. This is good because this removes them from the game, so they're gone permanently. The Omni Boxes are in to punish those people who like to track destinies. when used at the right time, they can be devastating. My friend who plays this deck is incredible at tracking destinies which makes this deck extremely deadly in his hands.

Oh, and please don't give me a lower rating because this is not my deck. I'm not trying to take credit for it in any way. I posted it because my friend who built it doesn't have a computer. '