---
layout: post
author: ! Trae "Freak4Life" Cadenhead
title: ! "Hansicle Freeing Bomb Machine"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-02-18
description: ! "This deck uses big explosions to free everyone's favorite smuggler...and then...lookout"
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective
You Can Either Profit By This/Or Be Destroyed

Locations (4)
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Rendezvous Point
Tatooine Jabba's Palace

Characters (24)
Baragwin  x3
Bothan Spy  x3
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Han
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2
LIN-V8K (Elleyein-Veeatekay)  x6
Luke With Lightsaber  x2
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x2
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa

Starships (3)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Lando In Millennium Falcon
Red Leader In Red 1

Interrupts (7)
Don't Forget The Droids
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes  x2
The Signal  x3
Transmission Terminated

Effects (13)
Anger, Fear, Aggression
Bargaining Table
Bo Shuda
Crash Site Memorial
Do, Or Do Not
Mechanical Failure  x2
Never Tell Me The Odds
Traffic Control
Uh-oh
Undercover  x3

Weapons/Devices (8)
Timer Mine  x6
Landing Claw  x2

'

Strategy: '

By this point you're probably wondering what I'm thinking by using...*ghasp* Timer Mines and Mining Droids in my deck? Well...give me a minute to explain. Here's the text of Timer Mine "Deploy on opponent's side at same site as one of your mining droids. 'Explodes' at beginning of your next turn. Draw destiny. That number of opponent's characters there are immediately lost (owner's choice). Timer Mine is also lost." The Mining Droid is vital to the deck because he has to be present so that the mine can be laid. Now, is it just me or is that an awesome way to clear that Audience Chamber so that Han can be freed? Start with Twi'lek Advisor and Uh-Oh, then deploy a Baragwin and Bo Shuda to the Audience Chamber to protect those Baragwins. The Baragwins work very nicely with the deck because they allow you to retrieve your Timer Mines back into your life force. Crash Site Memorial saves your droids and mines for future use. The Bothan Spies are there for a few reasons to stop drains with Undercover, to help stop drains with Bargaining Table, and because they are easy to get with Nar Shadaa Wind Chimes. If the opponent starts with aliens at the AC, then send in a droid to blow them up as soon as possible. Now all you have to do is free the Hansicle and retrieve a nice 10 force. After he's lose you may want to replace him with EPP Han for a bit more fighting power. Unlike many alien decks, this one includes some nice power with mains and their helpers. As a bonus, the opponent may not be expecting to see mains when you start with Uh-Oh and pull Bo Shuda. The Never Tell Me The Odds and AFA are for early in the game before you bring out your mains. Your main goal in this deck is to win by battling, but first you want to weaken the opponent as much as possible. The Timer Mines will help to leave locations alone that you don't want him to mess with. Or maybe he'll get stuck at a location (even better). Fight the opponent where he's weakest and send in as much power as you can. Here's how to go against specific deck types

Ops - Wait until you actually have 10 force to retrieve before you flip. You can use spies and Undercovers to cancel drains (as well as BT). Clear locations with mines. Then send in the power characters to clean up. Shouldn't be too hard to win.

Ralltiir Ops - I've never enjoyed playing against this objective, but you do have the power to win here. If you're facing walkers, then don't really bother with them on Ralltiir, make them come to you. There are some Mechanical Failures in here to help against walkers, but it's best if you don't have to face them. Blow up their characters and battle them at their weakest spots.

Hunt Down - This is where it should really get fun. Send a mine to Vader and keep him on the run. Battle where there's a weak spot. Have fun

EJP Objective - Just let the mines do most of the work for you before you swoop in with those mean characters

This is a fun deck. Clear them out, then battle them to the end. I believe it's totally original (after all, when's the last time you've seen Timer Mines in a deck?). Play smartly and this deck will work  '