---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "The Rattler" Schiemer
title: ! "Mike Schiemer’s Trademark Dueler"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-25
description: ! "One of my best and most flexible decks. Good playing record and has served me well in many tournaments."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Start

HD Objective
Epic Duel
Med. Chamber
Holotheatre
Visage
Prepared Defense
Imperial Arrest order
Mobilization points
Imperial Decree(vs EBO)
Secret Plans(vs MWYHL)
No escape(vs local uprising, an old throne room deck, or a new age throne room deck that starts YISYW)
There is no try(vs everything else)


Locations

Carida
Executor DB
Death Star DB

Characters

5x Vader w/saber
2x Mara Jade
IG88 w/gun

Starships

Zuckus in mist Hunter
Bosk in Hounds tooth
Dengar in punishing one
Executor(DSII)
Fett in ship

Admirals orders

Battle deployment

Interrupts

2x Vaders obsession
2x Circle
3x Twileck advisor
3x Masterful moves
2x Monnoks
Evader
Put all sections on alert
2x Imp. barrier
always thinking with your stomach

Effects

Battle order
Reactor terminal
Come here you big coward
4x Visage
First Strike
Broken concentration
Lateral Damage
2x Disarmed(1 is japanese)
Crush the rebellion
Blast door controls

'

Strategy: '

	 ***Sorry for the mistake.Scratch Imp. decree and put in the neccassary Mara’s saber. Start There is no try versus EBO.
    ***Update #1Take out a monnok, Crush the rebellion and an Evader. Put in an imperial justice , a dreadnaught and another put all sections on alert.In response to people questioning why I have Flagship Executor in my deck instead of the original, I say it is in there because it is cheaper to deploy and much higher destiny. The immunity to attrition will not help me much. For those who wondered why an executor was in there at all , I say that it can be left at a system and not leave me battle damaged, it can soak up 15 battle damage and attrition, And means twelve extra cards lost during a successful lat damage attack. People were also saying this deck couldn’t take on EBO or MWYHL. MWYHL is pretty easy to face because you get such a fast start. I have never heard of a MWYHL deck that would spend 5 card slots for 5 TTs. It is just not logical against other decks besides HD.My visage will stand and what can they do.If they put leia on the falcon , they are screwed if my objective flips. If they don’t, down comes zuckus , other ships and lat. damage combined with blast door controls , first strike , and broken concentration. They are @#$%ed .EBO can be taken down with this deck . You have everything you need such as battle order, lat damage, monnok, 6 good ships, first strike, broken concentration, and imp. barriers.You control the ground battlegrounds so battle order should work most of the game.

P.S.I would add 2 Emporers to this deck but I have none.

     Warning, Very long.

      This deck is pretty dependable and has defense against most powerful cards and strategies . The strategy is pretty simple as you get out Carida and your docking bays. Draw up or deploy from hand Vader w/saber and reactor terminal as soon as possible . With reactor terminal you can start tracking high destiny and dumping unuseful crap(like Imp. Decree when playing against MWYHL) .This deck already has good destiny(look at end of submission)but to guarantee a win in a duel(especially versus LSJK) you will probably need to track.Once your objective is flipped your oppnent will try putting a jedi at a battleground site, most likely a docking bay .It really doesn’t matter too much because you will eventually either duel or battle them off the site.If during the good chance that their main is at a planet site, always thinking with your stomach is very helpful for in most cases permanently making him missing.
     Visage will always take its toll since you have 4 extra and you will know where they are since you will be tracking some. Your only real weakness is someone playing OOC and getting Vader. This will be hard for opponent to do but even if it is pulled off(happened once to me, I still won) it is not the end of the world . You still have some ships , Mara+IGGY , and other crap mto help you out.
      You also have some good ships in here and combined with the red cards and high destiny, they can really smack your opponent in space or at least hold a system or two.Most of these ships need a partner to battle or hold a system though.

***People who say they will just fight my Vader head on again and again are sorely mistaken . Barriers and put all section on alert will stop many sub mains (twass , orri, and melas) in their tracks.If your opponent wants to fight with heavy artillery they will have to put down a luke or Obi, both which are duelable.Believe me, If I see and unprepared main(no saber or low ability)I will blind duel. This sometimes goes for if I am going to get beat down bigtime(almost never happens) and can sometimes catch someone off guard.Most people will put only Luke JK down early and away from vader. Leia can’t even battle me if my obj. is flipped. This leaves in many cases that only scrubs, lando, and Han can battle my vader. My High destiny will put the hurt on them if they battle me.

Now I will go more in dept with cards from each card type.

Characters
   You have 5 vaders so you will get them fast.You will have spares if they die. These are teh best Vaders for dueling and can hit anything with your high destiny.The 2 Maras are there to back up Vader in battling and dueling.They are also used for beating spies off the holotheatre and taking out that lone scrub at a home one/hoth DB with the aid of first strike/broken concentration/blast door control.Good for increasing drain potential(with Mara’s saber) and goes out at the start of game versus profit.IGGy works like Mara by taking out  a pesky jedi or spy with tracked destiny and helpfrom the red cards.

Ships
    You have the 4 good bounty hunter ships and the Executor from DSII . These ships work ok themselves except for dengar and work great together in pairs or greater. Good for holding a system in control for drains and battle order/plan , probing a hidden base,taking out a super ship in one big battle(thanks to many red cards I will get into later), and controlling space  after a devastating monnok or two against swarm space.The bounty hunter ships can even go to a DB for forfeit fodder, etc. if absolutely necassary.

Locations/Activation
     Carida will get out from reserve deck from mobilization points and the docking bays will get out from reserve deck with Imp. arrest order. This gives you a small amount of 8 force minimum but you will get force from opponent or your occuppied/controlled DB’s and holotheatre game text.Force activation is not usally a problem since the deck doesn’t need much. The only time you may be a few force short is playing against EBO or New Age Throne Room.Revolution can be taken care of at least once with your evader and crush the rebellion.

Admirals orders
   Battle deployment is in here against Swarm space decks . It will in most cases make all your opponents ships power minus 2 with little or no damge to your own. This is mainly a high destiny last resort against swarm if they are still alive after your lost monnoks or if they got out an early Yarnal.

Interrupts
   Vaders obsession and circle is now complete will usually take care of your opponents mains when used with disarms and first strike/broken concentration. Your monnoks deal with swarm, keep your opponents hand small, and let you know if they have any anti dueling in hand . Masterful moves help search for the monnoks and get their low destiny out of your deck as well as an easy search for visage.Twilecks get you your important effects into hand when you need them. Evader retrieves a lost vader or a  mara lost from a death star site. Its main purpose though is to cancel Revolution which can sometimes cripple the deck.Put all sections on alert stops rebels in their tracks on D* or executor sites.This can also cancel their game text(LSJK and Ben) or lead to beating against spies.Barriers stop opponents rampage of characters and allows to stop a jedi and disarm him during your turn.Always thimking with your stomach is used to get that annoying lone main/jedi off that north ridge or planet site when mara or IGGy is not showing his face.

Effects
   Probably one of the most important parts of the deck.Arrest order and mob. points set your activation up .Secret plans and come here you big coward ward off retrieval and drains at non battlegrounds.Reactor terminal sets up your tracking and visages are here to be tracked and to replace dead ones.No escape helps against decks with generic sites and lets you retrieve an important lost card(visage, maybe) . battle order controls decks that spreads out to drain , forcing them to go to a weaker environment where you are waiting for them.Blast door prevents rebel barrier and narrow escape from saving opponent from a beatdown. Crush the rebellion gets you an evader if needed while preventing clash and multiple destinies from opponent at mobile sites. Lat damge lets you beat on a lone ship and kick their ass(gamewinning if successful)
.First strike is used to prevent opponent from playing too many or any interrupts during a battle and broken concentration makes them play even fewer. Broken concentration can also work like a blast door controls if it is not available. With these two combined with blast door controls, your opponent will not be able to play much of anything to stop your battle or duel from taking place.Finally, Disarmed gets rid of opponents lightsaber leaving them weak for dueling and unable to play glancing blow.

Now for deck types you will play against.

Profit Start There is no try in case of sack and get mar to the chamber.Give her her saber and move out. put vader at the d* DB until needed and get out all neccasary effects. Begin tracking and duel them to death. One or two ships on carida and battle order will slow down opponent immensely with help from the easily accessible secret plans and come here you big coward. Before you know it, The drains , dueling , and visage will take them out.I have never lost versus this deck and never by less than 20.

MWYHLThis is an easy win. you start off fast, they start off slow.You have a counter fro every strtegy they have (They are screwed if they are playing AFA) . They are screwed almost anywhere they go from my effects, objectives and interrupts.I have also never lost to a MWYHL with this deck.

HB nonflip mains or tat celebration. This is pretty easy with your ships taking over tat. and vader dueling everyone . Stay on D* DB until needed and let visage take its toll. Sec. plans will slow down any retrieval they get off while No escape will destroy them if they play tat. celebration with local uprising.Usually a win by 10 to 20.

HB flip. They give me large force activ. and they set up slow. Take out their big ship with your effects anmd ships. Probe their base .Meanwhile Vader will be draining and dishing out visage damage on D* DB. Put down OMDH with come here you big coward and secret plans. Duel any mains quicker than usual because these decks usually pack very little anti dueling.Take down swarms with monnok, Battle deployment, and huge/multiple destiny.easy win.

Agents Stay away from the desert unless duling and then move away. they will have activation trouble and give you a lot so you should be all set for a faster start. Set up battle order and let visage take its toll.If they are playing aliens this will be hardbut just drain, duel, and let visage wipe them out. Hard win but probably a win versus aliens, easy or average win versus mains.

EBO(all versions) Against swarm use monnoks, battle dep., and high destiny.Against deadbolt use come here you big coward and secret plans to stop the combo while whacking them in space . Duel carefully and let visage do the job.Against a good ship regular EBO deck just be cautious in space and hit them hard. Visage should reak havoc all game and mains will be dealt(or duled) with.
Very hard win. The toughest opponent I know of. I haven’t done great against these decks but that was when I had less defense and now I am pretty confident in a close but triumphant game.

New Age Throne roomJust use regular tactics, duel,drain, and visage them. Prevent retrieval and set up before taking on their super falcon/home one. Super falcon is not much of a problem since Leia will not be able to battle or drain for at least half the game.Second hardest deck to win against but it usually will by at least 10.

Destiny of deck Very good . No zeros and many 6s and 5s . reactor terminal helps the already good destiny get better.

Cards I would like to add.2-3 senses(put in oppressive instead of there is no try),2 Palpy, 2 janus(if palpys are in).

Track record This deck has won all it s games except it lost against 2 out of 3 EBO decks(Hayes and Hawleys). This was the earlier version of this deck and now I am prepared. I now am 2-0 against 2 good EBO decks with this version.Overall , these similar HD dueling decks I make have been about 14-3. This new version has not lost yet so I think I have gotten it about right.

thank you for reading and rate well.That is the bottom line because the Rattler said so.











'