---
layout: post
author: ! Cat "CatLoneRogue" Ceder
title: ! 'The Rescue Of Daddys Little Girl'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-21
description: ! 'Another RTP deck similiar to most, with a few tweaks...LMK'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'-Starting-
Rescue The Princess
Prisoner 2186
Yavin 4 Docking Bay
Yavin 4 War Room
Death Star Docking Bay
Death Star Detention Block Corridor
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Wise Advice
Insurrection
Staging Areas

-Sites-
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Tatooine Docking Bay
Kessel

-Characters-
Ben Kenobi x2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x2
Han W/Blaster x2
Orrimaarko
Twass Khaa
Monmaw Nadon
Leia W/Blaster
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk
General Crix Madine
General Calrissian
Nein Nunb
Wedge Antillies, Red Squadron Leader
Tycho Celchu
8D8 x3
Yoda

-Ships-
Millennium Falcon
Red Squadron One
Green 3
Spiral

-Weapons-
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber
Luke’s Lightsaber
Anakin’s Lightsaber

-Interrupts/Effects-
Narrow Escape x4
Death Star Plans x2
The Signal x3
Battle Plan
Someone To Rescue You x2
Projection Of A Skywalker x2
Bacta Tank
Out Of Commission x2
Strike Planning
Do, Or Do Not
Squadron Assignment
'

Strategy: '

Greetings and welcome to another fun filled deck by Cat "The Garindan Collector" Ceder - This is in line with some of the other decks that I have submitted and as I start this new format of why certain cards are where they are please enjoy the deck and the info...

You’ll notice that I start w/Wise Advice, Insurrection, and Staging Areas - this is so that my cards that are cancelled get recirculated, Insurrection to get that all to important Tatooine Docking Bay for good ole’ Ben Kenobi, and Staging Areas cause RTP isn’t famous for Force Activation.
I didn’t start w/Do, Or Do Not, because I am packing 3 The Signals to get to it when I need it. Normally that is the first thing I do get tho, pending on the deck, I may get Squadron Assignments out first. Now your probably thinking why don’t I start w/that well most RTP decks don’t have space...or very little of it like mine, but I want to surprise my opponent when the time is right. That’s also the reason that I dont Start w/Strike Planning. But again that’s in there to get that General when need be, then get that ship if available. Everything has it’s place.

As you can see the normal allotment of characters are there...Bens, Lukes, Hans, another Leia and Orri - Those are the 4 key characters to the deck (don’t loose them if you can help it - cause their for the Narrow Escape) - you’ll also notice one of each of the lightsabers instead of 1 and 2 like normal...Leia can use Anakins and increas the FD when needed which is always nice. As for the Interrupts and Effects the standard are there along w/ 4 Narrow Escapes this is one of the key cards to the deck, you allow your opponent to build up, then you just move away when you want, usually after Leia makes it to the FLIP SIDE.

If you have any other questions about the cards and why ones are in there then please of course drop me an email lone_rogue@hotmail.com or leave a message here for me and I will answer you...

Onto the decks,

BHBM - This is a great match up for this deck, because they can get the Emperor out quickly to your location and hold that site for sometime, however w/POAS you can stop his FDing for a time (again 3 Signals) and build up your force, the destiny in this deck is on the high end so you should be able to stop him for sometime...then battle, put him out of his misery w/OOC and then continue w/the same w/Vader, just watch out for the Lord he’s a pain in the a$$. As for the rest it’s a simple beatdown, retrieve w/DSP and battle w/the bonus and don’t forget that they loose immunity and are out of play on the FLIP side.

HDADTJ - This is the hardest matchup for this deck because of FLIP of thier OBJ, get a spy out quickly to cancel Visage, and watch out for the Dueling...that’s going to be the hardest thing, but if you keep yourself away from them you shouldn’t have a problem, just remember you have high destiny so you should be able to do something if need be. Just try and get rid of Vader ASAP w/Leia on the FLIP side of RTP that will end his game and relax you. (I remember onetime we both lost a card for Visage on the first turn, he lost a Vader, and I OOC’ed him right off the bat and then won because his deck was 6 Vaders and they were all useless...hehe)

AGENTS - This is a fun match up, normally this deck will win just by sheer FDing, but remember to POAS his sites and deploy w/ability and retrieval (ie Ben and someone else big) and then just sit there and kill the little pleebs as the drop (yes I said pleebs).

Against most other decks just sit and Force Drain (like DSSpace or Endor Ops it shouldnt be to hard to out drain them and amass your fleet in one area and beat him back like the little man he is)

Well that’s prety much it for this deck, I hope that you enjoyed it and please let me know what you think.......and check my other decks as well.

Thanks,

Cat "The Garindan Collector" Ceder '