---
author: Michael "Yoda's Son" Adams
title: 'More Than Just Mining Going On Up There!'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-09
description: 'My take on the ECC objective:  Quiet Mining Colony.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations(8):
Bespin (Starting)
Bespin: Cloud City
Cloud City: Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City: Casino
Cloud City: Core Tunnel
Cloud City: Guest Quarters(Starting)
Clouds	x2

Characters (16)
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Figrin D'an
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Kebyc
Lando Calrissian  x3
Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2
Lobot
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Orrimaarko
Pucumir Thryss
Tibanna Gas Miner
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader

Vehicles (4)
Cloud Car  x4

Starships (5)
Artoo-Detoo In Red 5
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Home One
Red Leader In Red 1
Tantive IV

Interrupts (14)
Clash Of Sabers
Cloud City Sabacc  x8
Endor Celebration
Heading For The Medical Frigate(Starting)
Local Defense
The Signal  x2

Effects (11)
All My Urchins
Battle Plan (Starting)
Disarmed
Goo Nee Tay
Honor Of The Jedi
Insurrection (Starting)
Lightsaber Proficiency
Menace Fades
Reflection
Traffic Control
Ultimatum

Devices (1)
Landing Claw

Objective(1):
Quiet Mining Colony/Independent Operation (Starting)


Strategy: 

This is a brand new deck I have only played twice, and it has mutated by some 20 cards from the orginal I threw together.
The basic strategy is to get Lando down fast and start playing sabacc.	Get All My Urchins down with him at the Casino as soon as it is available and then let the games begin.  Throw down Obi w/stick with him for protection (unless against Hunt Down).   Spread the aliens around as you will want them that way on the flip side.  Put Chewie with Ori or Wedge on a site and get Han and Leia on a separate one.  I didn't spend too much card space on Luke so that I can take BHBM or Hunt Down out of play.
Standard draining in the clouds.  Get Pucumir down as fast as possible and Kebyc will make sure that they aren't happy about it.  The landing claw will help against the flip back, and RliR1 and GliG1 are as good as Z-95's in the clouds.
The starting effects can vary from game to game.  Against everyone, I'll start Menace Fades and Insurrection.	If they are playing bounty hunters, I may be reserved about putting out the casino.  Against TIE's or RalOps start Battle Plan.  Against Endor Ops start Ultimatum (just in case it takes a while to get my ships out).
Ultimately, I should be able to play sabacc almost every turn and should win most or all of the hands.	Retrieve with the Casino text and Figrin.  (If I ever get a CC Celebration I'll throw it in).	Making them lose one (hopefully) each turn with Sabacc will help a bunch.
Let me know, be kind.  I wasn't in the game when everyone thought sabacc was popular, so be gentle.
