---
layout: post
author: ! Steve "BlackViper" Marshall
title: ! "Fun QMC that doesn’t suck"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-30
description: ! "You name it, this deck’s probably got it. Massive damage, doesn’t take damage, and reacts like nothing else."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'The Daily Life Of A Smuggler

STARTING (5)
Quiet Mining Colony
Bespin
CC Casino
The Signal
Bargaining Table

CHARACTERS (14)
Cloud City Troopers x 8
Lando Calrissian x 3
Lobot
Melas
Son Of Skywalker

DEVICES (1)
Lando’s Wrist Comlink

EFFECTS (9)
All My Urchins
Asteroid Sanctuary x 3
Battle Plan
Honor Of The Jedi
Rebel Fleet
Traffic Control
Ultimatum

INTERRUPTS (14)
A Few Maneuvers
Cloud City Sabacc x 4
It Could Be Worse
Local Defense x 2
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes x 2
The Signal
Transmission Terminated
Trooper Sabacc x 2

LOCATIONS (9)
Asteroid Field x 5
Bespin Cloud City
Big One x 2
Cloud City Downtown Plaza

STARSHIPS (7)
YT-1300 Transport x 3
Z-95 Bespin Defense Fighter
Z-95 Headhunter x 3

WEAPONS (1)
Luke’s Lightsaber '

Strategy: '

Not your typical QMC Here’s the deal; this deck isn’t a major tournament winner, but it WILL do very well in competitive play, and it’s THE most fun deck I have ever played in my entire life. Before I start the strategy, I want to keep a running count of what interrupt your opponent wants to catch. tee hee. With the starting setup, your opponent knows you’re playing non-unique aliens (probably eloms), and you’ve probably got sabacc in your deck.
1. CATCH NAR SHADDAA
2. CATCH SABACC
Get Lando to the Casino ASAP, and give him his wrist comlink. Protect him with All My Urchins, and keep Lobot ready. Cancel their drains all game using Bargaining Table. When they finally decide to battle, great First, they lose 2 Force to All My Urchins. Next, you react with Lobot. Remember all those Cloud City Troopers sitting on the Bargaining Table? Well, the Comlink lets them react, and Lobot lets them deploy free. They are also power 3 each (per Lobot’s game text). That gives you power 28 plus a draw against his power, which you reduced by 2. Where’d they all come from? I though I was just going to kill Lando

Luke can deploy on Cloud City, and he gets his lightsaber directly from the deck. His power and ability are equal to Luke With Lightsaber, and he is easily armed with his little glo-stik. The major difference is that my Luke has immunity to attrition. He adds 2 to the power of whatever he pilots, as does Melas. On the ground or in space, they’re gonna get their battle destiny, and both are rather nice characters. I usually put Lando, Luke, and Melas at the casino and Lobot and his crew at the Downtown Plaza for a nice drain. When I built the deck, I wanted it to be an all-alien deck, but BHBM changed that with the introduction of DS2.

Speaking of space You might notice an interesting fact about the deck. Yes, we have asteroids I don’t deploy anything until I’ve got at least 3 asteroid sectors. It makes a better surprise that way. With 3 Fields and the Big One, set up Asteroid Sanctuary at the middle field and move to the Big One. You’ll get a nice drain of 3 combined with Sanctuary taking 4. If they cancel Sanc, fine. That’s what you want. You can deploy to the system and flip your objective, and now your opponent has to beat you away since every single ship has immunity to attrition, as do your Cloud City Troopers. If your opponent decides to take the system to keep you from flipping (because the 7 side is SO dangerous, right? sarcasm, folks), that’s great. Keep your monster drain and Direct Damage coming, and deploy a ship in an Asteroid Field to cancel their drain at the related system. With Asteroid Fields, Bargaining Table, Rebel Fleet, and It Could Be Worse, you aren’t going to lose Force to a drain this game.
3. CATCH A FEW MANEUVERS
4. CATCH IT COULD BE WORSE
By the way, did I mention that Local Defense not only lets you pull an independant starship (all of my space is independant), it also lets you add a destiny at any sector? That INCLUDES asteroids, my friend They are sectors. You thought you were so smart, battling my lone Z-95 Now you’re gonna die, too I’ll use It Could Be Worse to get rid of my battle damage.
5. CATCH LOCAL DEFENSE

The rest of the deck is easy. Terminate Visage ASAP. I included both Trooper Sabacc and Cloud City Sabacc because of catch cards. If your opponent knows what he’s doing (or just gets lucky), he will catch Cloud City Sabacc. Speaking of sabacc, I’ve got some real fun stuff with that little game. Notice if you will that Lando is a Wild Card, and Asteroids are clone cards. You’ve got extra Landos floating around the deck, and you’ve got more asteroids than you need. DO NOT play asteroids at other systems; let them flow through your deck for the clone and for asteroid destiny.

The only thing that really hurts this deck is Sense and Alter. I have no protection against these cards. The best I can do is use Sabacc to retrieve any lost cards back, generally not too hard. When JPSD came out, I tried taking out Honor for Do Or Do Not, but I got hit hard by Limited Resources and Fear. Because of my local area, I don’t think I’m going to add any S/A protection. Fewer people are using Sense/Alter for the time being, as everyone and his mother is using Wise Advice. If your area has heavy S/A, take out Honor. Visage is gonna be cancelled, Search And Destroy requires 2 battlegrounds anyway, Court will have the battlegrounds easily, and No Escape protects most damage. Your deck can’t move off of Cloud City, but you deal so much damage that you don’t need to worry about it. With the Big One drain, Sanc, and sabacc, you should win any drain race. With all the choices to catch and everything that is going on, your opponent has no idea what to do to counter you.

I hope you have a blast playing this deck I’m always looking to improve this one, as it is the most fun deck I play. Thanks ahead of time for your constructive reviews. '