---
layout: post
author: Cat "CatLoneRogue" Ceder
title: 'Hunt Down Done Left...er Right'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-16
description: 'A Hunt Down deck - What else need be said'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

-Starting Stuff-
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Had Gone Out Of The Universe
Executor: Holo Theater
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Visage Of The Emperor
Epic Event: Dueling
Prepared Defense
Power Of The Hutt
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order

-Sites-
Mos Eisley
Tatooine: Docking Bay
Cantina
Generic Docking Bay
Rendilli

-Characters-
Lord Vader x4
Darth Vader W/Lightsaber x2
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Mara Jade x2
Emperor Palpatine x2
Sim Aloo x2
Janus Greejatus x2
Jabba The Hutt
Ephant Mon
Boelo
Boba Fett With Blaster
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle x2
Dr. E
U-3PO

-Weapons-
Vaders Lightsaber x2
Mara Jades Lightsaber

-Ships-
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One

-Interrupts/Effects-
Security Precautions
Bad Feeling Have I
No Escape
Search And Destroy
Twi’lex Advisor x2
Reactor Terminal
The Circle Is Now Complete
Vader’s Obsession
Focused Attack
There Will Be Hell To Pay
Force Lightning
Sniper
You Are Beaten
Imperial Barrier x2


Strategy: 

This is your basic BEAT YOU DOWN/HUNT DOWN

The first thing you must do before you activate is get Rendili - then after you activate look for a Docking Bay (preferably the Generic one) then also check to see if Ephant Mon is in your deck get him w/Power Of The Hutt and drop him first @ the HoloTheater (to prevent the spies from comin’ in and cancellin’ Visage)
Second turn, get the other Docking Bay and (hopefully there will be some characters in hand) drop them @ the DB and activate more...continue to repeat process.

Do not duel till you have a Lightsaber and a Focused Attack (get the extra D) then win. W/the destinies in this deck you could almost do a blind TCINC or VO and win. But why chance it.

The space is meager, but it does the job, Dengar to cancel Immunity, Zuckuss for the ability and Bossk for the extra Destiny. This is usually enough since Space isn’t your forte’, however S&D @ Tatooine is w/the biggies just sitting there and waiting.

Against most decks this deck will do it’s damage in kind, however against Space (a little problem if it’s hard core) drop your ships @ the bigger drain sites and go from there...track well, and make him loose alot (fortunately you have the destiny again if you mis track) and their S/A is +4, or can’t if flipped so that helps when they try to run.
Against most ground decks this will cause them to either come to you, and get beat, or you go to them, and beat them. It used to have a DJP but I dropped that for something else, cause I realized that I don’t keep to many characters together anymore because of all the ability 4 characters to move about.

Keep the Janus/Emperor combo going (if you don’t know what that is then check my SUH-WEET BHBM deck for that combo - and rate that one as well)

Other than that this deck should pose a problem for most lightside decks nowaday because lightside is such a up in the air situation (noone knows what to play anymore)

Good luck and please rate respectfully.

Thanks,

Cat "The Garindan Collector" Ceder
