---
author: Mike "Iceman" Fitzgerald
title: 'Bulls on Parade , Take 2'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-02
description: 'Mains , SAC , Generation , Craziness.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Start : ( 2 )
Tatooine
Combat Readiness

Add'l Locations : ( 7 )
Tatooine : Jabba's Palace
JP : AC
JP : RP
JP : Dungeon
Coruscant
Death Star
Imperial Holotable

Characters : ( 15 )
Old Vader x2
EPP Vader x2
Choke Vader
GM Tarkin x2
Mara Jade x2
Jabba the Hutt
Boelo
Dr. Evazan
4-LOM w/Pimp
EJP Dengar
IG-88 w/ Gun

Green : ( 1 )
Jade's Stick

Blue : ( 5 )
Fett in Slave 1
Bus
Vader's Shuttle
Zuck in Hunter x2

Effects : ( 7 )
Hell 2 Pay
Secret Plans
Battle Order
First Strike
Reactor Terminal
Security Precautions
Search and Destroy

Interrupts : ( 23 )
Masterful Move x3
Monnok x3
Alter x4
Twi'lek
Elis x2
Hutt Smooch
Torture x2
You Are Beaten
Weapon Levitation
Sense  x5 

Strategy: 

Edit : Feedback coming back at ya...

Card Choices etc...

3 Masterful Moves too many ? >> Savrip is a really good card , Monnok is a really good card ,
Masterful Move is an easy card to track , Masterful Move gets the Holotable out , and I think they
are worth it.

Weapon Lev >> Yeah I'll probably take this out of the next version. >>

Bright Center ? >> Not worth it...Battle Order and Monnoks will waste the Ops , and I don't have
the space package to back it and a Battle Ground System up.  >>

Getting Out SACed or QAMerced ? >> Monnok...duh. Grappler if things are getting out of hand.>>

Told you the Sense count would quickly go up. IG-88 w/ Gun and Search and Destroy also got in here as I moved around some of the Red. Hopefully this doesn't look to much like Frank's Palace , but we have similar playstyles ( notice his No Shelter ) so that stuff tends to happen.Ops - Try to get Battle Order up quickly and try to ransack them with First Strike and Mains. Zuck and Fett can hold a Battleground system. Oh yeah I do have that extensive Monnok package which will probably be a super pain on them ( remember : First turn I'll have at least 6 generation , get AC , get high ability alien , Alter , then second turn I'll have at least 8 force for Monnok ) so Ops shouldn't be a problem unless Alters are no where to be found. Pretty much same old strategy here :

Profit - the Tatooine and JP Conversion will probably start to choke them while you'll spit out your locations very quickly. Looking at it now the two aliens I'd probably start would be Boelo and Jade. Monnok will work over their hand size and if they have doubles and are interrupt heavy as many Profit decks are you'll grapple and Alter them around a bit. Secret Plans will hopefully be up when they finally try to free Han.

HB - Security Precautions , loads of force generation , nasty starfighters , leave a decent amount of guys on the ground but try to have a good amount of space power.

MWYHL - Alter , Search and Destroy ,  and Secret Plans to stop Asteroid Sanctuary or similar junk. I haven't seen much MWYHL lately but it shouldn't be too much of a problem.   