---
author: Alex "Squarmed" Heerman
title: 'Father/Son Bonding'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-28
description: 'This deck attempts to turn Vader, while you force drain for a lot. Eloms, Scouts, and Mains will help you win battles so it is easier to turn vader.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting Stuff
There is Good in Him/I can Save Him
I Feel the Conflict
Heading For the Medical Frigate
Staging Areas
Insurrection
Strike Planning
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Endor: Chief Chirpa's Hut
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Luke's Lightsaber
Father/Son Bonding

Sites
Endor: Bunker
Endor: Dense Forest
Endor: Great Forest
Endor: Hidden Forest Trail
Endor: Rebel Landing Site (Forest)
Kessel

Characters
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Commander Wedge Antilles
Corporal Midge
Daughter of Skywalker  x2
Elom  x5
General Crix Madine
General Solo
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Ithorian
Lieutenant Blount
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Obi-Wan Kenobi	x2
Sergeant Brooks Carlson
Sergeant Junkin
Wuta

Starships
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Millennium Falcon
Red Leader In Red 1
Red Squadron X-wing
Spiral
Tantive IV

Interrupts
I Know
Jedi Presence
Life Debt
Protector
Sense
Take The Intiative
The Signal
Warrior's Courage
Insertion Planning

Effects
Bacta Tank
Mantellian Savrip
Projection Of A Skywalker
Traffic Control
Honor of the Jedi

Weapons
Concussion Grenade
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber 

Strategy: 

UPDATE

Hey darkjedi2000 what are you smokin’??? I’m not starting with Honor.

END OF UPDATE

Strategy:
You use Strike Planning to pull out General Crix Madine and General Solo during your opponents 1st turn so you make sure they are in there. Then deploy Crix to the landing Platform on your first turn. Use him to pull a scout (like COK or Midge) and deploy him with crix. Then move luke over. Do this so on your second turn you get a force drain of two and you activate at least 7 from yourself alone. Continue to pull scouts with Madine. Once you pull COK from reserve deck, pull Wuta and with wuta pull sites. Eventually you will only have high destinies left in your deck (becuase most of your characters are pulled and all of your endor sites are pulled. Use Midge to enhance your force drains and the destiny adders to win battles.

Against Hunt down-  First turn pull Blount from your reserve deck and go cancel visage.

Against ISB- Start with your normal stuff. Blount should win you this game.

Against BHBM- A tough match-up. If you build this deck, maybe take out a couple of cards for Anikan Skywalker and NOOOOOO!!!. If not, try to battle a lot. Turn Vader before he turns you.

Against ties- Set up a super falcon with chewie and han with gun or leia and han. You should have enough drains to out drain him.

Those are the only decks at the last few touneys. If you have any questions just drop me a line. Please review this with any suggestions and keep in mind that this is my first time posting something so try to go easy.
