---
author: Derek "Tiny2million" Schneuer
title: 'Dantooine the not so boring planet'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-15
description: 'DBO M&T Major Beatdown...Pre-JPTD'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting: 6 
DBO/MDTYR 
Dantooine 
Heading for the Med Frigate 
Insurection 
Staging Areas 
Depends on the deck you play 

Locations: 6 
H1: Dbay 
Hoth: Dbay 
<> Dbay 
Forest 
Farm 
Spaceport Street 

Characters: 22 
Jedi Luke 
Epp Luke 
Epp Han x2 
Epp Obi x2 
Epp Leia 
Bouch 
Wedge, RSL 
General Lando 
Colonel Salm 
Colonel Cracken 
Lt. Blount 
Orrimaarko 
Tawss Khaa 
Melas 
Tycho Celchu 
Jeroen Webb 
Romas lock Navander 
Kal Fal 
Biggs 
Figrin dan 

Starships: 7 
Tala 1 
Tala 2 
Gold Squad 1 
Red Squad 1 
Gray Squad 1 
Rlir 1 
Glig 1 
Effects: 8 
Do or Do Not 
Bacta Tank 
Traffic control 
Mantellian Savrip 
Wise Advise (start vs. BHBM) 
Order to Engage 
Squadron Assignments (normal start) 
Menace Fades (start vs. Endor Ops, ties, and TTO)
Close Air Support

Interrupts: 11 
Tunnel Vision x2 
I Have a Really Bad Feeling About This x2 
Out of Commision 
Courage of a Skywalker 
Houjix 
Grimtaash 


Weapons: 1 
Lukes Saber 


Strategy: 

This is easily the deck that I have put the most tech into. 


Huh? No squadrons??? That’s what you are saying aint it. Simple answer is you dont need them. The whole point of the deck is to flip and make the opponents drains almost nothing. I have gone 6-0 in tournament play with this deck so don’t say that it isn’t good cause it doesn’t have squadrons. I play people with it and of the start they think I am using squadrons and they deploy a ton of ships just cause they are stupid. What happens is I flip the objective and just force drain on Dantooine. What if you play a Rops deck simply flip and either they have to fight me or I have to fight them. If I decide to fight them I’ll be sure to have IHARBFAT and then deploy one or two characters to the site that they have the most power and then bam comes down another high power character to do some major damage. Activation isn’t a problem really either. Two reasons first I can get out all my sites by the third turn and rarely later, and second, three dbays + staging areas = nine force to activate + four more + what the opponent gives me thats right around twenty force on average so don’t say activation is a problem. 

Vs. other decks 
Vs. BHBM 
Start wise advise. Drop and drain. They have to use +2 force to deploy vader to Dantooine which sux for them and then they have to capture luke. Stick luke at H1 Dbay and he’s pretty safe. Plus with his saber he can still force drain there. 

Vs. Rops 
Drop and kill. 

Vs. HD 
Drop and Drain. Jedi Luke and his Lightsaber are good plus I have courage of a skywalker which also helps all in all you can pull off the win if you just play smart. Also great destiny traking helps. 

Vs. Endor Ops 
Start Menace Fades. Drop and drain. Since I have no battle ground systems in this deck I rely on the opponent to deploy one which this deck usually does and so it works. 

Vs. TTO 
Go ahead try blowing the giant eight ball. Sink it in the corner pocket. Obviously Menace fades works cause they have to deploy endor to start. 

Thats about it. 

Derek Tiny2million Schneuer  