---
layout: post
author: ! Matt "Darth Con" Ward
title: ! 'Wrist Wars(RST)'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-17
description: ! 'This deck is a very good RST. It uses scouts and some EEPs'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Obj
RST/Garrison Destroyed

Characters
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Luke with Lightsaber
General Carlisian
Orrimarko
Lieutenant Blout
Colonel Cracken
Wuta
Daughter of Skywalker
Corporal Midge
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Obi-Wan with Lightsaber x2
Tawss Khaa
General Solo
General Crix Madine
Corporal Kensaric
Segeant Brooks Carlson
Chewbacca of Kashyyk
Tycho Celchu
Corporal Beezer
Leia with Gun
Nien Nunb

Sites
Rendezvous Point
Endor
Endor Hidden Forest Trail
Endor Back door
Endor Dense Forest
Endor Rebel Landing Site (Forest)

Starships
Green Squadron 3
Spiral
Gold Squadron 1
Red Squadron 1
Tala 1
Tala 2
Home One

Interupts
Heading For the Medical Frigate
Rebel Barrier
Transmission Terminated
Rebel Leadership
Insertion Planning x4
Punch It
I Know
Out of Nowhere
Life Debt
The Signal
Noble Sacrifice
Glancing Blow

Effects
Close Air Support x2
Squadron Assignments
Insurrection
Strike Planning
Projection of a Skywalker x2
Bacta Tank

Green Cards
Anakin’s Lightsaber

'

Strategy: '

If you hate RST for some reason dont rate this deck.

The main point of this deck is to flip the objective and then drain.

Here is the reasons I put some cards on here

Wedge Antillies, Red Squadron Leader and Red Squadron 1 A great X-Wing and pilot with a power of 6, draws one destiny if not able to otherwise, and can cancel one battle destiny just drawn if present with another Red or Rouge Squadron pilot (Tyco).Immune to attrition < 5.

Luke with Lightsaber Nice main that is great if you have Bacta Tank on table. Just deploy him to any site(within reason) and cut apart your enemies and let rest die of attrition. Forfeit Luke into the tank.

General Calrissian, Nien Numb, and Gold Squadron 1 Awesome. Wait to you get 2 of the three and deploy them all with Squadron Assignments for a toltal power of 6, two destiny, and an immunity to attrition < 6.

Orrimaarko A leader and a scout. He is great with his power and ability 4 and his immunity to attrition < 4. Plus, when in a battle you just one against an Imperial, opponent loses 2 Force.

Blout, Cracken, Tala 1, and Tala 2 With Close Air Support these guy let you  draw one destiny power and one normal destiny. Also if the opponent plays ISB or scouts the 2 ships and their pilots make the opponent do things that are not in their favor.
Wuta He takes your sites out of your deck. Chewie gets him out of reserve deck for free.

DOS You deploy either as a beat down or a scout for flipping. Also she adds one Force Icon for the lightside.

Midge While on Endor adds one to each of your Force drains at your exterior Endor sites where you have a scout of ability > 2 (and no Ewoks). His game text says it all.

Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight Just deploy him and watch him chew through enemy forces. With his immunity he, he almost never dies. If he does he can go to the Bacta Tank.

Obi-Wan With Lightsaber See Luke With Lightsaber above.

Tawss Khaa Retrtrieves when you battle. Also extremely powerful because when with opponents alien of ability <4 is power +3. That equals 6 power and 4 ability. Eat that Mara

General Solo Take him with Strike Planning. He can cancel one battle destiny when with Chewie or another scout. Also great fofiet(8) and solid power(4).

General Crix Madine Take him with Strike Planning. He can take one scout of ability < 2 per turn. Never forfiet himmno matter what. With ability and power=3 he can hold up a site well with 1-2 other scouts.

Corporal Kensaric A nice scout who makes your opponents deploy + 2 at same site. also fofiet 6 with Innsurection.

Sergeant Brooks Carlson Landspeed=2 and other scouts can move with him for free.Also forfiet 6 with Innsurection. Adds to Immunity of other scouts.

Chewbacca of Kashyyk Can roar dfence value 4. Take able with Crix. Can deploy Wuta from reserve deck for free. Fofiet 9 with Insurection. Power 6.

Tycho Celchu and Green Squadron 3 Tycho can deploy to Med. Chamber to cancel Visage. Awesome in ship cause of power 6 and an instamt destiny. With Wedge cancels a destiny.

Corporal Beezer opponent can not react to same site. No reacting Walkers for Endor Ops. Foprfiet 5 with Innsurection.

Leia with Blaster Rifle See Luke With Lightsaber above.
also adds destiny with Han.

Rendezvous Point Cheap deploy for ships and more activation.

Spiral nice Capital ship. High forfeit. cHeap deploy.

Home One Well, It’s just good.

Rebel Barrier Ha Ha beatdown people can make sure your opponents force doesn’t include Mara, Vader, ect.

Transmission Terminated For Visage and destiny 5.

Rebel Leadership Great for all of the Generals. Adds a destiny or increaes their forfiet.

Insertion Planning Destiny 6. Also subtracts three from opponents destiny.

 Punch It Helps Lando in space. Draws two destinies.

I Know Draws to destiny when Han and Leia are in battle. Or, lets you react with Leia to Han’s site. Destiny 5.

Out Of Nowhere Use one force to draw another destiny in space when defending. That is with ships of manuver < 3(all the non-capitals).

Life Debt Draws 2 destiny when Chewie and Han are together. Search for the Falcon. Or react with Chewie.

The Signal Take a useful effect.

Noble Sacrifice Sacrifice COK when non- Lord Vader is deployed and retrieve 9 force (because of Insurrection)

Glancing Blow Awesome against Hunt Down because of its duel and battle capalbilities.

Close Air Support Explained in the Blout, Cracken, ect. Section.

Squadron Assignments Awesome for the pilots and ships because you can take them.

Insurrection You rebels of ability < 3 are forfeit +2 including Chewie. Also stops Elis Hellrots.

Strike Planning Opponent doesnt activate at Endor system and you can search for Generals.

Projection of a Skywalker Make opponents force drains -1.

Bacta Tank Everybody must go here. It rules Put your lost guys here so they can fight another day.

Anakins Lightsaber for Luke or Leia.Preferablely LSJK because he kicks with a saber(Power 8 and immune to attrition < 6, 7 if alone)

Strategy
Start with Insurrection, Squadron Assignments, and Strike Planning with Prepared Defenses.
On Your First Turn Take Gen. Crix and Solo (or Carl. if you have either of the other Generals) during your opponents turn. Deploy Crix to Endor Landing Site for 2. Then search for COK in your deck. Deploy it. Then use Chewie to search Wuta and deploy him for free.
Next Turns Build up a force on Endor and spread out. Start to go to space on about turn 4. If your opponent leaves holes in their forces exploit them. Use the Barrier to prevent Beatdown and Insurection to make sure nobody dies in battles. If your opponent leaves some power and abilty 2 character at a site use Tawss Khaa to predict a winner(you) and retrieve a force when you win. If you have something like Leia, Han, and a bunch of other scouts at a site and you have I Know in your hand move Leia and Han away and wait for Vader and Mara(or something like that to come down)
play I Know and watch your opponents eyes go wide. Oh that would be 8 power and two destinys. Oh yeah Leia a scout I’ll cancel that destiny. Play traps like that. Thats how I win. Sometimes I deploy a guy at another planet, then let my opponent deploy ther to beatdown and then abandon the guys so I can drain at endor with the the beatdown squad’s personas at another far away site. That’s the reason i don’t play the endor dcking Bay. Keep control Endor with a solid force and you will win.

Some things to remember
Bacta tank It rules. Deploy EPPs to place where you opponent if giving you trouble then place the guys here.

LSJK Deploy to an emery site with his saber. Nearly indestructible.

Land Ships and use the pilots on land if needed.

Noble Sac can be used with COK when opponet deploy thier non- Lord Vader because COK’s power of 6. That retrieves you 9 force which will make your win easy.

Match Ups
BHBM This deck can be good despite most peoples opinion. This deck can handle it. Give poor Luke to the ememy and dont let them win battles. Beat them up with your other EPP’s and drain them to death on Endor.

Hunt Down A great deck. Cancel Visage with Blout, Cracken, or Tycho. Then stay on Endor with everything except EPPs and LSJK. Use them as beat down squads for their Vader. With everyone else at Endor you can flip and get large drains. HDs space isnt that good, but that may change with Reflections 2 with Thrawn. A lot times they will deploy Vader to CC early and then they flip and can’t get ya at Endor. Be carefull for Mara, Dr. E. and Tarkin.

ROPS Not played much, but if you are worried, add Ounee Ta.

Court (non flip) this is my dark so I cant trash it. Use LSJK and EPPs to eat their guys (Galid). Stay to Endor and drain. LEAVE ALL SHIPS AT THE SYSTEM Courts ships are all good and can be retrieved with Scum and can be taken from the deck with the Obj.

MYKOs Drain at Endor and kill their guys (probably Abbisians) with LSJK and EPPs.

SYCFA Stay at Endor and kill there guys with LSJK. Space is all at Endor no matter what.

Endor Opperations Leave your space at Endor unless they leave a single VSD or Tie Intercepter alone. If they do beat them down good. Carefull for walkers on Endor. Beezer will prevent reacting, but they can still beatdown with Lord Vader and Mara.

This deck is not invincible, but I am pretty confident that I can win.

My thoughts on Reflections 2. Thrawn may hurt this deck, maybe not. Mirax and ship are going in this. Dash and ship may go in to. Watch for Xizor.

Thanks for the review.
'