---
layout: post
author: Frank "FrankLamanti" Lamantia
title: 'Franks Palace v2.00000000000000000000001'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-05
description: 'Ok, this isnt funny.  Im tired of idiot reviews.  READ THE STRATEGY.  Do I have to spell out what every single card in here does?'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations (6)
Coruscant
Death Star
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace: Dungeon
Tatooine: Cantina  (start)
Tatooine: Jabba's Palace  (start)

Characters (15)
4-LOM w/ Gun
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Commander Nemet
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x2
Dengar with Blaster Carbine
Dr. Evazan
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Jabba the Hutt
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand x2

Starships (5)
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dengar in Punishing One
Executor
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts (22)
Alter x4
Combat Readiness  (start)
Elis Helrot x2
Masterful Move x2
Monnok x2
Sense x5
Torture x2
Twi'lek Advisor x3
You Are Beaten

Effects (10)
A Bright Center To The Universe
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward!
Lateral Damage
Oppressive Enforcement
Reactor Terminal
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay x2

Weapons (2)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber   

Strategy: 

 READ THIS 

Ok, its apparent I will have to say what every last card does and type how to play this deck exactly, because if I dont I get idiots to tell me to add something I already have, take out a vital piece of the deck...

I dont have a Mara nor a Maras saber so I need this months prize! Help!

Start Tatooine: Cantina and Combat Readiness for JP. Get the AC and the Dungeon (AC first, Dungeon second).

I dont play the objective because:
1. I dont have it.
2. Id rather use my current set up because I get more activation
3. if I was going to play with an Objective it would be Hunt Down, but like I said I still prefer to get most of my 0s out of my deck quickly.	If I played Hunt Down I'd need 5-6 Battleground sites.. ack.

The 3 Twi'leks make up for the Combat Readiness start, pull anything you need first turn. Masterful Moves are extremely sweet 6 destiny recyclers.

My favorite strategy is to drop Vader (or Mara) with his (or her) saber to Cantina (THAT YOU START WITH) and start draining for 3. You can do this fairly easily 2nd turn. Its a nice way to start out the game and usually it will go unopposed for a couple turns.

Anyway, heres the gameplan:

vs Ops: Play a Bright Center on their planet then beat the hell out of them. The ECCs go a long way with Dr. Evazan. Kill the Operatives and beat the little guys. Battle Plan helps too.

vs Hidden Base: Twi'lek for Security Precautions early. This is where you pop out the 2nd turn drain of 4 too. Hit em early, but dont put your ships out until they flip. Then when they do flip, drop 3-4 ships and probe every system that you can.

vs Martin Faulke HB: Alter Our Most Desperate Hour and start draining. Try and get rid of their mains using Evazan and tracked destinies. Build up an Army at Alderaan and Tatooine, if possible. Lateral Damage the Falcon. You can beat this deck. Just make sure you have Secret Plans out, you have an Army at Alderaan and you are holding an Alter for OMDH.

The Dungeon is for activation.	I cant survive off 3 locations in the beginning of the game, that one force does matter, as I took out the Holotable for it (Faramir gave a good point that it would probably get blown up by the Trans Terminated).  Do NOT tell me to take it out.

Grabbers are for abusive interupts like Nar Shadaa or OUT OF COMMISION or Nar Shadaa Wind Chimes... SENSE also helps this out.

Use Battle Plan when the opponent is playing Ops or Hidden Base.  You can go control a system and have that thing working.  Its a key card against beating Operatives, dont tell me to take it out or add a battle ground system to get use out of it.

Commander Nemet is for reacts, mainly Spiral and Skiffs and so forth.  He is good.  Do not tell me to take him out.

Dr. Evazan is for operating on people to cause big battle damage.  He is good.	Do not tell me to take him out.

The ships are good, dont tell me to take them out.

I think you see a pattern, if you dont, send an email to the Decktech Admins telling them to delete your account.  