---
layout: post
author: Michael "rayc" Hawley
title: 'EJP Insurrection Celebration Deck'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-02-11
description: ! 'Try to meet the requirements for EJP objective flip and maybe Tatooine Celebration.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (7)
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber (start)
Tatooine  x2
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jabba's Palace (start)
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Tosche Station

Characters (17)
Ben Kenobi
Biggs Darklighter
Boussh
Chewbacca  x2
Dutch
Han Solo
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Harc Seff
Kal'Falnl C'ndros
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Luke With Lightsaber
Master Luke
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Pops
Red Leader
Wedge Antilles

Starships (6)
Corellian Corvette
Lando In Millennium Falcon
Redemption  x2
Spiral
Tantive IV

Interrupts (20)
Alter  x4
Sense  x5
Put That Down
Rebel Barrier
Someone Who Loves You  x2
The Signal  x2 (1 starting)
Transmission Terminated  x2
Tunnel Vision x3

Effects (7)
Bacta Tank
Battle Plan
Insurrection (normal start)
Mantellian Savrip
Order To Engage
Tatooine Celebration
Traffic Control

Weapons (2)
Anakin's Lightsaber
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber

Objective (1)
You Can Either Profit By This... / Or Be Destroyed   '

Strategy: '

Responses Thanks to everyone for their comments. I did take out a Redemption and add in another Corvette. I do not want to shrink the Sense Alter package because people do not seem to be defending against it and it is so powerful if it is not expected.

I don't think that the deck is weak in space if you play the Bacta Tank and Savrip right. Against Ominous Rumors you spread your ships with 2/2 pilots deploy Bacta Tank, Savrip and Order to Engage. You block their drains and make them attack. If they do, you lose something to the Tank(if you win), savrip an extra main from hand(if you lose) or do both (if you get hammered). You can't be tallon rolled. You are vulnerable to Zuckuss in Mist Hunter + beatdown squad but you just need to survive.

Bounty22
You can shuttle Han up to one of the Capitals, If he needs protecting. What Han Protection cards are you talking about? I take both versions of Obi in order to be flexible and avoid monnok. Same thing with Luke. I make the exception for Chewie because he is so much better than the ECC Version (higher forfeit, Game text) he is intended primarily to pilot a Ship at Tatooine but he could also pair up with Han for some ground action.

Crusher
You are right a destiny adder or 2 would be helpful. Tough deciding what to take out for them.

This deck is 3 and 0 in tournament play so far -- beating 1 upper tier opponent and 2 weaker players. So I'm not ready to say that I think it's top-notch. But I have hopes...

Original Strategy Notes
This is a straightforward version of the EJP deck. You hold Tatooine with Redemption, high forfeit pilots the Bacta Tank and Savrip. Protect your effects with Sense and Alter Lateral Damage. Normally you start insurrection to beef up the pilot's forfeit. Normally free premier Han with Boussch and Someone Who Loves You. Do this after you have 10+ cards in your lost pile. If he has Ephant Mon or something, you will have to go clear the site and control it to free Han.
We don't see a lot of Odds around here so I have not included any counters. Since this deck requires you to occupy 3+ battle grounds, you could add an Ultimatum. For Ops, start Battle Plan and go to them quickly. Use Order to engage and a couple good sized hit squads with Harc.
No real dueling protection because I rarely see that either. I think with canny play and destiny tracking you can work a dueling situation to your advantage.
This deck fights well and the Sense/Alter seems to be less and less guarded against.
Thanks everyone for the reviews. In answer to one comment
There are 2 Chewies because with insurrection he is forfeit 8 and a pilot - ideal for the Bacta Tank + Redemption, you can use the extra copy with Mantellian Savrip and he works with flip side of the EJP objective as well. In a perfect game you would get one of each of the pals down to a separate battleground in order to take full advantage of the Objective game text.  Having 2 of each makes this more likely.
'