---
layout: post
author: ! Larry "MonnokLost" Rigsby
title: ! "Black Panther Mining Operation Pt  2"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-19
description: ! 'I bet you white boys think us brothers can't play dark. Wrong We is the dark side foo'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective 1
This deal is getting worse all the time.

Locations 12
Bespin
Cloud City
Casino (SL)
Security Tower (Pulled out with Any Methods)
Upper Walkway
Port Town District
Downtown Plaza
Dining Room
Clouds x4

Characters 19
Lando x3
Lobot x2 (This white boy is an example of what I like to call Reversing the Roles, that's right he's Lando's slave.)
Mara Jade (She's no sister, but damn is she hot and their aint nuthin wrong with white girls.)
IG-88 with gun (Pulled out with Any Methods)
White Slaves x9 (tibanna gas miners)
Fozec
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle (Although most white folk don't know this, Fett is a brother)
Bana Malar (See Above)

Starships/vehicles 12
Big Black (executor)
Chimaera
Combat Cloud Car x3
Obsidian Squadrion Tie x3
Cloud Car x2
Blizzard 2 (Lando's protection from the white assassins)
Tempest 1

Weapons 1
Mara's Saber

Interrupts 11
Any Methods Necesarry (Starting)
Cloud City Sabacc x4
Ghhk x4
Abyssin Ornament
Control


Effects 4
Den of Thieves
Dark Deal
Secret Plans (Starting via objective)
Ability, Ability, Ability

'

Strategy: '

Drop, drain, and retrieve like a mofo. Let Lando pimp in his ride at the Casino. Drop your slaves and hunters and make the dark deal. If yo white boy opponet drops his white boy mains, it aint no thang. Just kill em off with yo guns. This deck is quick yo. Beats all those little white boys who think they can play.

vs. proft. I like to call this deck the KKK. All their characters are white, except lando but he's already on your side. Yo pimpin and drains at CC will  kill off the white boys. Jus protect your lando with his slave and ride and it's all good

vs. MWYHL. You opponet might think  their little testing is gonna hurt yo drains. Helll no Get big black to bespin, flip and laugh.

vs. Bring him before me. Don't deploy Mara (The only imperial) and it's all good.

Peace out '