---
author: Geoff "Loaf" Gallo-Cornell
title: 'There is *Insertion Planning* in Him'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-25
description: 'my TIGIH deck, that uses lots, and lots of insertion plannings.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective(1)
There Is Good In Him/ I Can Save Him

Locations(4)
Chirpa's Hut
Endor: Back Door
Endor: DB
Endor: Rebel Landing Site

Characters(19)
Corporal Beezer
ECC Chewie
Sergeant Brooks Carlson
Sergeant Bruckman
Wedge Antilles, RSL
ECC Lando
Ithorian x2
Lt. Greeve
Chewie Of Kashyyyk
Corporal Kensaric
Orrimaarko
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
General Madine
Major Panno
Corporal Midge
Obi Wan Kenobi
Daughter Of Skywalker
General Solo

Ships(3)
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Red Squadron 1

Weapons(6)
Proton Torps
X Wing Laser Cannons
Anakin's Saber
Luke's Saber
leia's blaster rifle (this thing rocks!)
obi's saber


Interrupts and Effects(27)
Insertion Planning x8 (i love this card)Sense x2
I know
Meditation (love this card too)
HFTMF
Traffic Control
Staging Areas
Insurrection
Strike Planning
I feel the conflict
clash of sabers
blaster proficiency x3
rebel barrier x2
the signal
honor of the jedi
weapon lev



Strategy: 

use HFTMF to start strike planning, staging areas, and insurrection.

while they activate first turn, use strike planning to pull madine and/or general solo, if you think you are safe from scanning crews. use madine to pull panno, since he give extra activation.

just get set up, and win lots of battles. that is the idea, isnt it? use the blaster profs to make hit characters lost, and to try and keep them from drawing a BD. if they do get a BD, use the insertion plannings that are in there. there are 8 in the deck (yes, i know..grabbers but they also have a very nice destiny of 6, which is pretty damn good!) try and get leia han and chewie down asap (madine lets you pull chewie of kashyyyk). put leias gun and meditation on leia. that will let her add a BD, and make her gun fire at destiny +4 > defense and they are immeadately lost (pretty sweet, eh?) just use staging areas to get a high activation on the second turn, from moving luke to the DB, or just D some scrubs there. this deck has no problem with activation, between the +2 from luke, the ithorians (great for drains!), the sites, panno, and DoS, you should have no problem with force (the landing site lets your endor rebels deploy -1, which lets most of your guys D for 1 force.) use the signal to get out the other effects asap. use wedge in RS1 and red leader in red 1 to blow up the DSII if they try that crap with you. with wedge (using proton torps) and RLiR1

in response to the 8 insertion plannings:
"grabbers will hurt you" -- yes, they will, but they are also great for the destiny of a six they provide, not to mention they are used interrupts, and are easily tracked.

i didnt have time to write a more detailed strategy, but i am sure you have the brain power to figure it out, it isnt a complicated deck. if you dont have the brain power, why the hell are you reviewing this?!

