---
author: Eric "bounty22" Hunter
title: 'little hunter's CCT that actually works'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-14
description: 'this freezes or makes them pay. this is geard for batle and usualy come on top.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 


(10)
Cloud City: Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City: East Platform (Docking Bay)
Cloud City: Port Town District
Cloud City: Security Tower
Dagobah: Cave
Death Star
Death Star: War Room
Hoth: Ice Plains
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94

(18)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle  x2
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Dengar with Blaster Carbine  x2
Dr. Evazan  x2
IG-88 With Riot Gun  x2
Jabba the Hutt	x2
Jodo Kast
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand	x4
Tonnika Sisters
Trooper Jerrol Blendin

(5)
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth  x2
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter	x2

(13)
Jabba's Through With You  x2
Scanning Crew  x5
Torture  x2
Twi'lek Advisor  x2
You Are Beaten	x2

(10)
All Too Easy  x2
Battle Order
Oppressive Enforcement
Presence Of The Force
Scum And Villainy  x2
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay  x2

(3)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber  x2
Carbonite Chamber Console

(1)
Carbon Chamber Testing/My Favorite Decoration


Strategy: 

note: normal start is opresive enforcement

here's the low down folks. you get mara to the carbon freezing chamber. you then procede to drain there untill they come to face you. at that point you hit them with mara and then all to easy for a easy freeze. or if they don't they take a drain of 2(or 3 if you have presence on it). also scanning crew keep destiny adders from happening and to make sure that a beatdown won't occour.

against specific decks.

against profit- abandon strategy and just conver their ac. also start with mara and boba, pull jabba. move mara over to drain while you build up in the ac. scanning crew and your bh will hold thme off for the win.

against hb- normal start. do your thing and when you scanning crew, see what they are playing. if just space, spread out and drain. if it's fake hb hold onto the ac and carbon freezing chamber. otherwise twi'lek for a security percautions and probe. this will be won.

against tr mains- do the normal start and stick to the plan. if this is really big in your area put in a couple more scanning crews. there not much you can do against this other than out play them. your bounty hunters are just as strong if not stronger then their mains.

against ops- start with batle order and atack atack atack. if they play a non-batle ground system, use presence on it. with s&v out you can win.

against insert- normal game plan. normal start. drain and drain. if this is big put in another torture.

what else is their? just remember this deck is meted for this area. when you review this change like 5 cards to help against your current area. tell me the changes and review this deck. this way i'll get a hoest review of the deck idea, not a bad review cause i forgot something that's big in your area. well tell me what you think.
later 