---
author: Yit Fun "turboinsan" Yap
title: 'The Weekend Starts Here'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-06
description: 'Big Blue with Ralltiir as the base. 2/0 sites aplenty. Throws out walkers and spaceships.'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

TWSH.deck - Mon Feb 07 14:10:26 2000


Unknown Type:
Coruscant: Docking Bay
Coruscant: Imperial Square
Dagobah: Cave
Death Star: War Room
Endor
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Hoth: Ice Plains
Hoth: Wampa Cave
Ralltiir
Spaceport Docking Bay
Spaceport Prefect's Office
Spaceport Street

Characters (15)
Admiral Ozzel
AT-ST Pilot  x2
Commander Igar
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Darth Vader
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Grand Moff Tarkin
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Lieutenant Arnet
Lieutenant Cabbel
Lieutenant Watts
Major Marquand

Vehicles (7)
Blizzard 1
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Walker  x2
Dune Walker
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1

Starships (6)
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
Executor
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts (6)
Alter  x2
Elis Helrot
Masterful Move
Monnok
Twi'lek Advisor

Effects (12)
Bad Feeling Have I
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward!
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Lateral Damage
Oppressive Enforcement
Presence Of The Force  x2
Reactor Terminal
Secret Plans
Security Precautions

Devices (1)
Homing Beacon

Unknown Type:
Ralltiir Operations/In The Hands Of The Empire


Strategy: 

There's loads of blue in this deck. You don't get much drain off Ralltiir: it's a maximum of 3 without POTF or modifiers. You have plenty of twix inside: use them for huge force activation. In the first few turns, flip the objective with walkers. The AT-ST pilots are inside although there's only 1 Tempest Scout. That's because they can be brought out with the objective to serve as drivers for the AT-ATs. Your 2/2 imps shouldn't be put on the ground without blue backing them up. Stuff them into walkers once you get the chance to. Don't put Igar into Tempest 1 - it's a waste of an ability 2 walker. Instead, put him into the Dune or a non-unique Blizzard. Run over anything that they put out. There's enough blue to go around. In case they're playing heavy space, there's the bounty hunter ships and the Executor to provide support. Endor is a very good planet for drains as it's close to Dagobah and Tatooine. Don't just sit back and drain, though. Go battle them. There isn't much drain potential in the deck - battling them is much better. Default start is Bad Feeling Have I - it seriously slows down the opponent.

Against MWYHL - Start Bad Feeling Have I. It'll slow them down. Once you flip, get out CHYBC and Secret Plans. They'll have to get someone off Dagobah in order to retrive 10 force. When that happens, run over them. If they're playing Surprise Assaulting Sevens, make sure that you don't drain without walkers present.

Against HB - With a HB start, you never know what's coming out. There's so many decks that use HB as a fake-out that it's not wise to start SecPrec. Start BFHI first. If they come down with EPPs them kill them. If not, flip and grab the SecPrec. Start probing.

Against Operatives - This type of game should be relatively easy. Start Battle Order. That'll slow them down. Then flip the objective. If their drains are still hurting you, set up Imperial Decree. Their drains = 0. Play POTFs and drain them out.

Against people meddling on your planet - Specifically, Ralltiir Operatives. Play 2/0 sites. Battle them off. Don't put out your sites, they'll get converted. It's not that difficult to get them off when you've got the blue.

Against Profit - Start IAO. Setup on your own planet. If he Nabruns over, get them stomped. When they free Han there's loads of things you can do to him. EPP Vader as suicide works fine for getting rid of him. If they're drawing madly to get cards, Monnok lost.

Against Choke - Start BFHI, flip, grab ImpDec. No more choke. If Revo/Nudj is popular in your area add CrushEvader.

Against Numbers - There's always Vesden. Get him, stash him in a walker. If possible, hunt down the infurating numbers and kill them all. No more troubles with Numbers.

That's about all. LMK if there's anything that you think could be improved. And do remember, there's no such thing as a perfect deck. 