---
layout: post
author: ! Jodo "Jodo Kast17" Kast
title: ! 'Profit Main Protect and Beat Down'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-07
description: ! 'Protect myself on my planet, but if anyone comes to disrupt, it is beat down time.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective Profit

Locations (9)
Tatooine
Audience Chamber
Cantina
Jabba’s Palace
Jundland Wastes
Mos Eisley
Tosche Station
Home One War Room
Yoda’s Hut

Characters (17)
Artoo
Ben Kenobi
Boshek
Boushh
Chewbacca of Kashyyk
Chewie w/Gun
Daughter of Skywalker
Figrin Dan
General Calrissian
General Solo
Han
Lando w/Gun
Luke w/Stick
Master Luke
Oola
Orrimaarko
EJP Threepio

Starships (5)
Home One
Independence
Lando in Falcon
Masanya
Tantive IV

Interrupts (16)
Alter x2
Artoo, I Have a Bad Feeling About This
Courage of a Skywalker
Don’t Get Cocky
Grimtaash
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Houjix
Life Debt
Nabrun Leids
Skywalkers
Someone Who Loves You x2
Tunnel Vision x2
Warrior’s Courage

Effects (10)
A Gift
Battle Plan
Draw Their Fire
Lightsaber Proficiency
Order to Engage
Mantellian Savrip
Tatooine Celebration
Traffic Control
Ultimatum
Yoda’s Gimer Stick

Weapons (2)
Anakin’s Stick
Obi’s Stick'

Strategy: '

	I start Heading For the Medical Frigate to pull Battle Plan, Draw Their Fire and if I fear a drain deck, Ultimatum.
   I should get good activation pretty quickly with my sites.  I then use Tunnel Vision to pull a Leia and SWLU.  Free Han, replace with General as quickly as possible. Solo and Chewie go to a site and can usually hold alone.  Life Debt gives 3 destinies, plus the two cancel another one.  Lightsaber Proficiency goes on Luke w/Stick so he can add to drains.	The other sticks go to obi and DOS.  Spread out with Lando and Orrimaarko as some back up.  Drains should be pretty straight forward once the objective is flipped.  Teaming cards give me great destinies, and the alters can cancel anyone who tries to sense them.  Artoo and Threepio are especially effective at the site of Han, they add a battle destiny, plus with Artoo, Bad Feeling I can cancel all opponents destiny, or use Artoo destiny 6
   One interesting idea that I have is the OTE/Yoda&#8217;s Gimer Stick combo.  I put the stick on DOS in the Audience Chamber before I flip.  My opponent will have trouble battling and will have to lose 3 force per turn.  I have enough time to pull SWLU.  After I flip I can alter the effect and drain with DOS.
   Nabrun gives me quick transport on the planet, and since it is an interrupt, if IAO is not down I can use it as a react do an attempted attack.  Oola drives my opponent crazy by knocking out male uniques, and Figrin gives me great destiny tracking.
Against Turn Luke Courage to add more destinies.  Try to avoid letting Luke get captured.
Against Hunt Down Great match up.  Use courage to add a destiny with Luke, and Ben adds one himself.  Each should be armed with sabers, making them formidable opponents.  Nabrun to kill visage, and stick to my own game.
Against Court Probably the most difficult match.  Use DOS and Gimer Stick to free Han.  Take Jundland and Cantina for drains, and hold space for celebration and killing occupation.  A gift will be excellent against this deck, as it often uses s&v, so all drains are &#8211;1.
Against Dark Deal Stick to my own game and have a drain race.	Often there won&#8217;t even be anyone at the AC, so I can flip quickly.  Afterwards I try to get as much damage before they flip, and continue draining afterwards.  In this match-up celebration becomes very important.
Against CCT Give Orrimaarko and keep them off of Tatooine.  With the destiny adders I should be able to keep them on CC most of the game.
Against Operatives Ultimatum and Battle Order will really slow it down.  Flip quickly and drain to death.
Against EndorOps Keep Tatooine, but don&#8217;t worry too much about the other systems, it is better to keep celebration going than to get spread out and beat down.  Give as much damage as possible, maybe use Nabrun to send a beat down crew to the bunker.
Against RalOps Another fun game.  Stick more in the cantina and AC, do not even deploy most of the exterior sites.  Use destiny adders to stop and beat down, occasionally send my own.
Against Blow Up Alderaan It takes a while for the deck to get going.  In the time given flip and give some damage.  The ships should stay at Tatooine unless there is a weak point.  Keep on draining.
'