---
layout: post
author: ! Phillip "Karrdeshark" Aasen
title: ! "I Shall Enjoy Watching You Cry"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-28
description: ! 'This deck combines limited space power with the awesome force retrieval of the Bounty Hunters. (Jabbas Voice) Ho hohoho Hah hahahah'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'Characters13
Jabba the Hutt x2
Zuckuss
Bane Malar
Boba Fett Starting
Jodo Kast
Bossk w/Mortar gun
Dengar w/Blaster Carbine
J’Quille
Gailid
Mosep
IG-88 w/Riot gun
4-LOM

Starships6
Jabba’s Space Cruiser
Hound’s Tooth
Slave 1(starting)
Punishing One
IG-2000
Mist Hunter

Weapons4
Boba Fett’s Blaster Rifle(starting)
Dengar’s Modified Riot gun
Feltipern Trevagg’s Stun Rifle
Thermal Detonator

Devices1
Mandalorian Armor

Effects11
Hutt Bounty
Combat Response
Scum and Villainy
Bounty x2
There Is No Try
Ability, Ability, Ability
Reactor Terminal
Presence Of The Force x2
All Wrapped Up

Interrupts12
Hutt Smooch
Hidden Weapons x2
Elis Helrot x2
Trap Door x2
None Shall Pass x2
Any Methods Necessary(starting)
Twi’lek Advisor

Locations10
JPAudience Chamber(starting)
JPLower Passages
JPDungeon x2(starting)(both)
JPRancor Pit
JPEntrance Cavern
TatooineGreat Pit Of Carkoon
TatooineJP
TatooineDocking Bay 94
Tatooine

Objectives1(starting)
Court Of The Vile Gangster/I Shall Enjoy Watching You Die

Note there are two dungeons because the objective and the interrupt both call for one. I just lose one to force drain. '

Strategy: '

The strategy behind this deck is CONTROL JABBA’S PALACE Use it as your base of operations as you make surgical strikes against the opponent, depleting his life force while regenerating yours. Deploy Gailid, Mosep and Jabba to the AC to complete the force enhancement package. Gailid and Mosep for force draining and Jabba for activating. Use Bounty Hunters and ships to control all the sites you need to get a good force drain. If the opponent is using undercover spies, don’t get mad, just deploy bounty and WHAM Hutt Smooch. The opponent just helped you win. Remember, don’t be afraid to lose a lot of force. As long as their losing force too, you have Bounties on your side.

Strategies

Against Hidden Base
Play Deck as normal, but don’t, I repeat, Don’t engage in battle. Move your starships around to probe the systems but don’t battle. You should win.

Against TIGIH/ICSH
The opponent will have a Luke down so use BH with Dengar’s MRG and FT’s Stun Rifle and capture, take him to tatooine and retrieve force, Make pet food. Just Remember you gotta be quick or he’ll have too much backup to fight. Could be tough, But you should win.

Against EBO
Use people with landspeed of three to get in and out quickly. Only deploy a starships when your ready to pick up the captives. Like Hidden Base, Don’t engage them unless you have to. If you don’t make a mistake, you should win.

Against YCEPBT/OBD
Come on. They give you a han. Let’s feed him to da Rancor or take him to da Dungeon. You win.

Against RST/GD
Capture the Best Scouts and take to Tatooine. You may be able to use the systems to your advantage depending on how strong the opponents space game is. If they blow up the bunker, don’t worry about the force you lose. One Bounty completed and Your Back in the game. Piece o’ cake.

Against Subjugated Planet
Same as against RST/GD

Thanks for reading this and good luck playing with it. '