---
layout: post
author: ! brad "swccguy" eier
title: ! "Californiacation"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-06-15
description: ! 'In the day of ebo or rtp vs sycfa or something this is just a laid back mains deck that wins a lot, is fun to play, and isnt that complicated to set up.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start2
Tatooine Obi-Wan's Hut
Careful Planning

Locations8
Tatooine Tosche Station
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Rendezvous Point
Kessel

Starships2
Millennium Falcon x 2

Weapons/Devices2
Anakin's Lightsaber
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber

Characters17
Ben Kenobi x 4
Master Luke x 2
Leia With Blaster Rifle x 2
Captain Han Solo
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Momaw Nadon
Harc Seff
Jeroen Webb

Interrupts24
Sense x 6
Alter x 3
Control x 2
Tunnel Vision x 2
Transmission Terminated x 2
The Signal
Nabrun Leids
The Bith Shuffle
Glancing Blow
Gift Of The Mentor
I Know
Punch It
Weapon Levitation
Sorry About The Mess

Effects5
Mantellian Savrip
Bacta Tank
Traffic Control
Draw Their Fire
Ultimatium
'

Strategy: '

ok this is fun to play and wins a lot. you generally start obis hut/careful plan/tosche. if they play court plan for the ac instead. if its tat occupation plan for jabbas palace.
you can get ben to tosche turn 1 or 2 and be activating 9+ a turn, thats better than trm.
this deck was weak in space so i switched to mega falcon. if they dont play space drain at kessel.

ok how to beat
hd-use spies or trans terminated to get rid of visage asap. get glancing for duels, as well as bith shuffle to screw tracked destinys. dont fear vader or duels; do fear dannik jericho. thats why master luke is in instead of epp, his immunity plus return aliens to hand is good vs dannik or evazan. drain/battle in space while you set up all your stuff at 1 or 2 battlegrounds. you should win the battles because you have more characters than most hd decks, they usually have only vader,mara,ig88,dengar,evazan,dannik. tough match but you should pull it out.

rops-another tough match. get ben to the tosche, you can nabrun him to raltiir later. with 9+ force a turn you will be able to deploy to ralltiir. sense tramples/recats. pick and chose your battles. mega falcon @ ralltiir will help prevent a flip.

digitwat-they can drain, but they cant battle. mega falcon will hammer any ships they put out to hold occupation. your mains and mofos will battle their people away.

rumors-you gotta set up quick. you can spread thin on ground, and combined with sabers get drains of 5 or so a turn. use the mega falcon to battle at their biggest draining spot (ie they have potf on kashyyyk, you battle, kill their stuff, now its a drain of 3 for you. use controls to cancel large drains. momaw/jeron can get to bunker if elephant man isnt there, in which case you then deploy some guys and kick some butt.

cpi-drain on tatooine while mega falcon takesd out star destroyers w/attrition.

savrip is huge vs every matchup. tunnel visions and controls are very useful too.
lmk what u think, thx


'