---
layout: post
author: Cat "CatLoneRogue" Ceder
title: 'Mobilized RalOps'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-27
description: ! 'RalOps after DII'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting Stuff
Ralltiir
Ralltiir Operation/In The Hands Of The Empire
Prepared Defense
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree

Sites
Spaceport Prefect's Office
Spaceport Street
Spaceport City
Spaceport Docking Bay
Death Star II Docking Bay
Executor Docking Bay
Kiffex

Characters
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Lord Vader
Grand Moff Tarkin
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
Admiral Piett
General Veers
Baron Soontir Fel
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
DS-61-2
Officer Evax
AT-ST Pilot x2
Dr. Evazan
U-3PO
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Emperor Palpatine x2

Weapons
Vader's Lightsaber
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Ships/Vehicles
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Avenger
Chimera
Saber 1
Vader's Personal Shuttle
Blizzard 1
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6

Interrupts/Effects
Monnok
Reactor Terminal
There'll Be Hell To Pay
Overseeing It Personally
Sniper
Trample
Resistance
First Strike
Imperial Barrier
Come Here You Big Coward
Security Precautions
Leave Them To Me
Battle Order
Blast Door Controls
Something Special Planned For Them
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
Masterful Move

Admirals Order
We're In Attack Position Now

'

Strategy: '

***PLEASE Read and everything before reviewing***

This is my version of the new RalOps deck. It's come prepared to battle, Force Drain, and 'tech' out. I've only had the chance to play it three times but in all three games it's stood it's ground and won by more than 20 each time.

The essential objective is to get out the DB's w/IAO and then provide some presence there so that you can generate mass amounts of force, flip the Objective, retrieve Resistance from your Reserve deck, and watch the drains of 3 wilter to 1.
Asides from that most of us know how to play RalOps so I won't go into much detail on that. However against the three decks - Hidden Base, TRM and M&T - it pretty much went hands down.

Against - Hidden Base
Set up like normal using the Objective when flipped, get out Security Precaution and start looking for the Base - with the ships in the deck you can get to where you to and shuttle around. A 3 parsec is good for those decks that play parsecs 1 and 2 then 7, ZiMH and BFiS1 can make that 4 after probing and then move back to Ralltiir. Other than that set up your drains on Ralltiir and their planets where they have no presence. Trust me it works.

Against - Profit
This was somewhat easy. I thought it would be harder but with Blast Door Controls and Masterful Move it pretty much shut down Profit (react away w/Narrow Escape and then loose 3 from Orders To Engage) well no more. ) I'm sure I can find some other smaller things to remove to get a Sense or Two in there. Other than that just Force Drain them on Ralltiir.

Against - M&T
See above. )

Against other decks well I couldn't tell you without trying it out. However I am sure that it's secure in it's power.

Now some of you are wondering why there are so few Walkers...or how come theres no Bad Feeling Have I - Well I couldn't find space for them. In my area I want them to deploy so that I can come over there w/the Man and his bitchlet and beat you down...The deck is battle hardened and works well in most places in CA. However in your neck of the woods different things may 'tech' differently so please don't give me a bad rating because this deck is not good for your areas...but it is in mine...and if you tweak it to your playing then you'll see just how good it is.

Thanks for taking the time to read and review.

Cat 'The Garindan Collector' Ceder'