---
layout: post
author: ! John "jpvz" Veasey
title: ! "An Elom beating"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-03-07
description: ! 'This deck uses a combination of mains and eloms to smack the opponent anywhere. Also has a good drain component.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber SL 1
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jabba's Palace SL 2
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Tatooine Lars' Moisture Farm
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Tosche Station

Characters (27)
B'omarr Monk  x2
Bothan Spy  x2
Chewbacca
Elom  x8
Figrin D'an
Harc Seff
Kal'Falnl C'ndros
Rennek
Tamtel Skreej
Tanus Spijek
Tessek
Ben Kenobi  x2
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Leia Organa
Luke With Lightsaber  x2
Orrimaarko

Creatures (1)
Wortt

Effects (11)
Bargaining Table  x2
Bo Shuda
Do, Or Do Not
Draw Their Fire
Scramble
Traffic Control
Uh-oh
Ultimatum
Undercover  x2

Interrupts (13)
Sorry About The Mess
Careful Planning SI
The Signal  x3
Nabrun Leids  x2
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes  x3
You Will Take Me To Jabba Now  x3

Weapons (1)
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber
'

Strategy: '

Well this is a deck that has done very well for me at local tournaments. I don't use the objective because if it ever flips back then I'm screwed and for this type of deck it would be hard to flip in the first place.

A JP start give me good activation and another way of protecting Bo Shuda. The Tat locations have all been selcted for good activation and with a non unique and Tessek, a drain potential of 3.

Ben works wonders with any main you combine him with. I don't have Master Luke so I use the next best thing. I only have one Han with HB and he is the best for battling. Chewie teams well with Han and gives be benifts from both Rebs and Aliens. I don't have a Boush or Leia with BR so Organa is the next best one for this deck. Orimarko fits this deck well, espcially when he teams with some Elom.

The aliens of choice are Eloms, because most of the popular decks today play with Imps. The Monks help set up good drains if they don't come to Tat.
The spys get you into unwanted places and can block drains. Harc Seff can sit next to their big drain and suck it up. Kal Fal is great in battles and with the high destiny of this deck works wonders. Rennek prevents my #1 enemy in the AC, Bubo. Lando is a mini main who can duck into JP for me or stop a drain. Tanjus makes my Elom that much more buff and worst case senario, he's also a spy. Tessk of course is the man in this deck. And good old Fingris can provide a little retrval while kicking back in the AC.

The interputs are no brainers in this deck, pull out effects, aliens to hand and to the AC. SATM is an offensive and defesive weapon. Nabuturn helps you get around.

The effects here mainly help with battling. Also protection for the AC, SAC and ###'s. And of course a couple tables to eat up drains.

As for playing aginst specific decks, this is how I do it.

vs R Ops, send your Elom to Raltiir then try and Naburn some mains over. Their objective should never flip if you are quick.

vs Hunt Down, try and keep Ben and Luke out of the battle unless they aren't dueling. Get a spy to the Holotheatre to cancel visage ASAP. Then give Vader a beating with several Eloms.

vs ISB, even with an agent on your planet, you should still be able to drain for 2 in most places. Try and battle where possible.

vs Dark Deal, stop the dealing as soon as posible. Seek out battle against the Imps when you can.

vs Court, a tough one, try and let your mains doet the work here. Don't let them capture your guys.

As for the lack of space in this deck, DS is reasonably domaint in space and me without any Landing Claws, my ballanced Light deck couldn't hold up vs a balanced dark deck.

As always comments and suggestions always welcome. '