---
author: Sock "SockMan" Man
title: 'No-Flip CCT w/ Sabacc v2.0'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-27
description: 'This deck improves upon its predecessor in many ways....'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations: (10)
2x Bespin
1x CC: Carbonite Chamber
2x CC: Casino
1x CC: Downtown Plaza
1x CC: Incinerator
1x CC: Interrogation Room
1x CC: Port Town District
1x CC: Security Tower

Characters: (18)
2x 4-LOM w/ Gun
2x EPP Boba
1x Bane Malar
1x Djas Puhr
1x Bossk with Mortar Gun
1x Dengar with Blaster Carbine
2x Vader w/ Stick
1x Grand Moff Tarkin
2x Iggy w/ Gun
2x Lando Calrissian
1x Lobot
2x Mara Jade

Vehicles: (2)
1x Blizzard 2
1x Tempest 1

Starships: (6)
1x Bossk in Hounds Tooth
1x Devastator
2x Dreadnaught
2x Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts: (14)
1x A Real Hero
2x Aiiii! Aaa! Aggggggggggggg!
3x Cloud City Sabacc
2x E Chu Ta
2x Hidden Weapons
1x Surface Defense
1x Trample
2x Twi'lek Advisor

Effects: (7)
1x All Wrapped Up
2x Cloud City Occupation
1x Secret Plans
1x Security Precautions
1x There Is No Try
1x There'll be Hell to Pay

Weapons/Devices: (2)
1x Mara Jade's Saber
1x Carbonite Chamber Console

Objective:
Carbon Chamber Testing/My Favorite Decoration  

Strategy: 

Some quick notes on the changes from version one:
Apparently you people didn't think I had enough characters, I took out some the the extra Aggg! Aaa! Agggggggg!'s to compensate for this as you thought that I had to many of them. I now start All Wrapped Up as I have many bounty hunters and I can easily capture characters and bring them to the Interrogation Room.

Now for the strategy:
First off, start Twi'lek Advisor get All Wrapped Up. Next, hope your opponent gives you a Rebel, it will makes things a lot easier! If they don't, remember you get to verify their deck, looking into their strategy. If you see a Rebel when verifying, remember that you can force them to give you one.

Now that the game is underway, you can start taking advantage of some the cards in here that make you go 'huh'?

E Chu Ta: Use with 4-LOM to cancel 2 character's game texts. Especially handy against EPP's.

Aiii! Aaa! Agggggggg!: That Rebel that they gave you in the prison will really make this card do some damage, even if its for only 1 or 2 force, use it anyway, then play Sabacc and retrieve this via the Casino game text.

Also try to capture more people, then you can boost your drain at the interrogation room. If you don't have any Aggg! Aaa! Aggggggg!'s coming around, move the Security Tower captive over to the interrogation room to boost your drain.

Finally, set up Occupation to hurt the opponent even more. One final note, unless the have one weakling sitting somewhere, don't go to the opponent, make them come to you. And DON'T give the opponent any aliens if thy play the EJP objective.

Thanks for the critiquing and I'll listen and post a third version of this deck if need be.   