---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "MadSkills84" Pistone
title: ! "Court Of The Vile Miyooom"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-17
description: ! "This deck is basically your normal court deck, but it uses Miyooom to crush your opponenet if they are playing mains.  It is very cool."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Dark Deck

Starting
Court Of The Vile Gangster/I Shall Enjoy Watching You Die
Tatooine Great Pit Of Carkoon
Jabba’s Palace Dungeon
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Prepared Defenses
Oppressive Enforcement
Mobilization Points
No Bargain

Locations
Carida
Death Star 2 Docking Bay
Spaceport Docking Bay
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace

Characters
3x M’iiyoom Onith
2x Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
2x Jabba The Hutt
2x Mosep
Chall Bekan
Cloud City Engineer
Outer Rim Scout
Galid
Dr. Evazan
Boelo
Djas Puhr
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
4-Lom With Concussion Rifle
IG-88 With Riot Gun

Weapons
Mara Jade Lightsaber

Starship
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Creatures
Sarlaac

Interrupts
3x None Shall Pass
Imperial Barrier
3x Twi’Lek Advisor
2x Masterful Move
2x Monnok
Ghhhk

Effects
2x There’ll Be Hell To Pay
Presence Of The Force
2x Scum And Villainy
Resistance
Ability Ability Ability
There Is No Try
Hutt Influence
Search Destroy
Secret Plans
Blast Door Controls
'

Strategy: '

This deck is very good but had a bad track record cuz of odd matchups and the fact that I did play a few games with it poorly, but it still might be something worth trying.  At Boxborough this deck went 1 and 2 beating a MWHYL Mains deck against a (2000+) rated player and losing to two freaky Elom decks.	If you fear Elom decks, then you might not want to play it but considering Elom decks are not the biggest thing you might want to consider this deck.

Here’s why I chose some of the cards I did
Most of these cards make sense, if you don’t know why I’m playing something give me a D-Mail and i’ll add info about it to my Strat. section, until then these are the cards I think you might not know why I’m using them

Jabba The Hutt-He allows me to activate where I drain to help enhance the power of M’iiyooom

Resistance-Well that’s my numbers killer and also helps against EBO which could be a problematic matchup

Blast Door Controls-Kills Profit by canceling Rebel Barrier and Narrow Escape

Here’s the basic strategy
Hopefully you get a M’iyooom in your opening hand, if not I prefer not deploying him with the jpac text but rather searching for docking bays and checking to see if you might have him in your force pile and drawing to get him.  I like to pull Jabba the Hutt to get better activation going faster and because he is a very powerful character when combined with most of the bounty hunters.  I set up a drain, scan away their hand, if they are unfortunate enough to be playing mains and can’t get people down I set up Ability Ability Ability and Search Destroy to eat away at them and lead to the end of the game quickly.

Here’s some matchups
Problem matchups
Squadron Assignments decks can give this a run for it’s money, but you can always set up search destroy and drain to begin overtaking them.  Remember you can deploy your bounty hunter ships from reserve deck so try to make the most of them.  Resistance will also help against the EBO variant of this deck.
Swarm Decks are also rather effective, if you fear these you may want to add another Monnok.
The hardest matchup this deck faces is against an AITC swarm deck because you can’t M’iyooom them, No Bargain doesn’t effect them, None Shall Pass doesn’t work, Search Destroy doesn’t work and neither does Ability Ability Ability most likely, but AITC is not really a popular deck type so you should do fine.

Here’s some good matchups
Any mains deck.  I decided to use this because I felt that basically the only light deck that I would see would be main decks, and it was true the tournament was 80 percent mains decks for light.  I only played one but that’s ok.  Against mains here’s what you can do.	Set up M’iyooom and start scanning.  You may feel they may hurt M’iyooom early game.	Always put M’iyooom at the JPDungeon so they need a spy to deploy there.	If they deploy a spy there it will cost them plus two because of No Bargain and if you have a None Shall Pass in your hand, that spy goes back to their hand only to be scanned away by M’iyooom next turn.  The setup of your sites when you start should be  tat pit of carkoon, JpAC, Jp Dungeon so if they want to deploy a main and move to the Dungeon to kill M’iyooom all in one turn it will cost +2 to the JPAC and you may be able to None Shall Pass him and scan him away next turn.  If you do all this and keep a minimum amount of characters on the table which is very possible, you can set up Search Destroy, Ability Ability, Drains, and Court Damage to eat away at them.

It’s a really cool deck, you should give it a try.

Thanks
Mike
'