---
layout: post
author: Brad "Uncle Chall" Vogel
title: 'Simple yet Deadly - M+T testing to 2.'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-03-24
description: ! 'A MWYHL deck which tests until test 2 and then uses typical M+T beatdown to kill the opponent aided by the benefits of the objective and some cool tech as well.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'ObjectiveMWYHL/SYIC

Locations(8)
Dagobah
5 Dagobah Sites
Cloud CityLower Corridor
Cloud CityCarbonite Chamber

Characters(14)
2 EPP Obi Wan
2 EPP Luke
2 EPP Han
DOS
EPP Leia
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Melas
BoShek
Wedge Antilles
Jeroen Webb

Starships(6)
Spiral
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Tydirium
Tantive 4
Lando in Falcon
Redemption

Jedi Tests(2)
Great Warrior
A Jedi's Strength

Interrupts(18)
3 Tunnel Vision
3 The Signal
2 Don't Forget the Droids
2 Transmission Terminated
2 Shocking Information
Glancing Blow
Courage of a Skywalker
Clash of Sabers
Gift of the Mentor
Skywalkers
Sorry About the Mess

Effects(11)
2 What Are You Tryin to Push on Us?
2 Projection of a Skywalker
Battle Plan
Order to Engage
Bacta Tank
Mantellian Savrip
At Peace
Traffic Control
Wise Advice




'

Strategy: '

This is your typical Test to 2 M+T deck with some personal modification of yours truly to account for the metagame.  The start is the objective, Dagobah, and signal for either Wise Advice normally or Battle Plan vs. Ops or any high draining deck.  Fetch out sites and Yoda and try to train one of the 4 ability characters in the deck.  DOS is included in case I need a trainee very early in the game as she can be fetched using the objective.  There is a good amount of characters which work well together in conjunction with Savrip or Bacta Tank.  Everyone knows how to play the deck, so I'm going to skip what does what and move onto to some of the cards not normally found in a deck such as this.  If the opponent is non-interactive, the CC sites are good for draining.  Rops is very big in my area, so the Tydirium is great for invading Ralltir early with support to prevent the flip.	Jeroen Webb and Wedge are great pilots and versatile as well.  I don't prefer just Claws and Leaders in this deck since I feel that the LS can hold up in space as long as you're careful.  The interrupts are a useful bunch.  Tunnel Vision find what you need when you need it, while DFTD takes care of numbers, and Shocks take care of Manipulation.  There is some anti-dueling in GB and CoaS and some destiny adders as well for beatdown if need be.  Clash and SatM are extremely useful cards as well.  The grapplers always help while PoaS hurts Rops and Operatives as well.  It's good for reducing drains already hurt by JT #1.  The rest of the effects are self-explanatory, but At Peace is included to combat Broken Concentartion which can hurt this deck.  Overall, this deck is very versatile and can easily adapt to whatever the opponent plays.  I've tried to account for eveything in the current environment, but remember, no deck is fullproof vs. everything.  Also note that I do realize that this isn't the most original deck in the world, but I've found it to be very effective thus far and fun to play as well.  Thanks for reviewing,

Brad	   '