---
author: Mark "yodarth" Kloida
title: 'Draino Rallops'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-14
description: 'A Rallops deck with big drain potential and enough resources to deal damage.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting Stuff (6):
Ralltiir Operations/In The Hands Of The Empire
Ralltiir
Prepared Defenses
Opressive Enforcement
Imperial Decree
Imperial Arrest Order

Locations (11):
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Dagobah: Cave
Death Star
Death Star: War Room
Coruscant
Coruscant: Imperial Square
Hoth: Wampa Cave
Spaceport City
Forest
Jungle
Swamp

Characters (14):
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Grand Moff Tarkin
AT-ST Pilot x3
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
Emperor Palpatine
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Colonel Jendon
Imperial Commander
Lieutenant Arnet

Starships (7):
Executor
Dengar In Punishing One
Bossh In Hound's Tooth
Thunderflare
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Boba Fett In Slave I
Devestator

Vehicles (7):
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6

Weapons (2):
Vader's Stick (Premiere)
Mara's Stick

Effects (8):
Bad Feeling Have I
There'll Be Hell To Pay
Reactor Terminal
Overseeing It Personally
Expand The Empire
You Cannot Hide Forever
Lateral Damage
Security Preautions

Interrupts (5):
Monnok
Alter x3
Hutt Smooch

Strategy: 

Well, pretty standard Rallops here, some slight changes for higher drains.  Your activation potential is 21, drain potential of 13, quite high for Rallops.  Start Decree, Opressive Enforcement, and Arrest Order.  If you're playing Hidden Base start You Cannot Hide Forever instead, usually in place of Opressive Enforcement, which will let you take Security Precautions out quick.  I use 2/0 locations as opposed to Mobilization Points and controlling Executor, D*II, and Coruscant bays.  I prefer this, which lets you keep all of the effects I like, you dont need to keep guys at the docking bays, allowing them to stick on Ralltiir or pilot.  Use the standard AT-STs and pilots to control 3 Ralltiir sites and flip.  Then set up your drains.  Use the 2 during your control phase which will let you fetch Imperial Commander, if you haven't already deployed him from the deck before you flipped, Expand The Empire, Palpy, and Overseeing It Personally.  Drop Overseeing It Personally on Palpy and Expand the Spaceport City, so while your Imp Commander is on Ralltiir your drains are +1 there and both adjacent sites.  Since Expand and Overseeing It Personally are both not immune to Alter you could be hurting there, but remember Opressive Enforcement will bring them to the used pile, and the objective will pull them right back.  If they're going really heavy SA you may want to drop Hell To Pay for that.  If they're in space with Lateral Damage and some of the best ships you should be able to take care of them.	Against heavy drain decks you probably want to control Ralltiir and either Coruscant or the Death Star to set up Decree.  Vader/Tarkin/Mara will most likely be used in beatdown. Here's how I play vs. many popular light decks...

ROP killers/Eloms/TIGIH
This is tough, but remember for their main beatdowns that they'll pay extra, the lack of Spaceport Docking Bay will protect you, and I like not having it in for that reason.	Flip quick, and use your Vader/Tark/Mara on Ralltiir to protect from Eloms and pilots on the AT-STs and as forfeit fodder. If they go with a Superfalcon ZiMH and DiP1 might be able to take it, or substitute for other bounty hunters in their ships.  If they play TIGIH, because you have no Docking Bay for them to get to, Jedi Luke will be stranded and uncaptured.

Hidden Base
Start You Cannot Hide Forever to pull Seucurity Precautions.  Flip the objective and go for Bad Feeling Have I if you suspect main beatdowns.  Otherwise go for your ships.  Lateral Damage is a real killer, it'll work well against Home One or the Falcon.	With their drains -1 and Coruscant converted Decree shouldn't be hard to set up, and that would leave them dead in their tracks.

Profit
Establish your drains quick.  Against Superfalcons you have ships avilable.  They most likely won't Nabrun over because of IAO, if they do get ready to 'react'.  Send in Vader/Tarkin/Mara at Han's site and get rid of him.  That'll stall them for a turn or 2, which should be enough for you to get some nice drains.  If they re-deploy Han quickly then send your guys at him again.

Rebel Strike Team
Flip quickly.  You should be able to flip before they manage a Bunker blow.  If they're going for control of 3 sites instead start pulling ships to take Endor.  Putting Vader/Tarkin or at least Vader or Mara with their saber will hurt them at the Bunker, therefore slowing them up.  If they do manage to flip quickly pull Coruscant or the Death Star to set up Imperial Decree, which combined with a drain -1 will make them drain for dirt.

This is my first deck, or submission of any kind here, so I hope it's ok.  Thanks for reading.