---
layout: post
author: ! Mike "Thunder" Rebman
title: ! 'No Shelter 2000'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-05-23
description: ! 'One of my favorite decks. Throne Room Mains with heavy choke, SAC, and beatdown.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (5)
Farm
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Rendezvous Point
Swamp
Yavin IV Throne Room

Characters (15)
Captain Han Solo
Chewbacca
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol x2
Leia With Blaster Rifle x2
Luke With Lightsaber x3
Obi-Wan Kenobi x3
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Wedge Antilles

Weapons (1)
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber

Creatures (2)
Nudj x2

Starships (2)
Millennium Falcon x2

Interrupts (20)
Alter x4
Careful Planning
Clash Of Sabers
Courage Of A Skywalker
Don't Forget The Droids x2
Nabrun Leids x2
Sense x6
Sorry About The Mess x2
The Signal

Effects (15)
Battle Plan
Draw Their Fire
Frozen Assets x2
Goo Nee Tay
Mantellian Savrip
Order To Engage
Revolution x5
Traffic Control
What're You Trying To Push On Us? x2 '

Strategy: '

READ THIS

Start 4
YIV Throne Room
Careful Planning
Farm
Swamp

This is an old No Shelter deck modified to fit today's meta. Utilizes the TR start for a first turn start, high activation, and little force for opponent. The main strategy for this deck is simple. Go wherever your opponent is and battle them with DTF/FA. This deck contains the usual mains complement. For space, use Han with Chewie/Wedge in the Falcon, which should allow you to maintain presence up there. Interrupts are mainly for good measure. The usual SAC, DFTD vs. Numbers, COAS for dueling (also a few high destinies). Even with Crush, Clash Of Sabers can still be used. Nabrun's for jumping around, which you'll need to do a lot with this deck (once again even with IAO, Nabrun is still useful). Sorry About The Mess helps with beatdown. The effects are pretty self-explanatory, except for the 5 Revos. I tried to regulate my Revolutions; normal TR mains uses 3, and there are the rogue decks out there which use 7, I on the other hand chose a number between the two. WAYTTPOU grabs Evaders, and if they play one early on, with the amount of force you're retrieving with DTF, you'll be able to get your revos back. I love this deck, basically because it's universal, and can take on just about anything with an equal chance of winning each time. Drop and kick @$$

Note In case you didn't realize, when playing a deck which plays heavy space (e.g SFS/TIEs) play revo on your twix sites, and since TIE decks usually don't play Evaders, drain away.

Enjoy. '