---
layout: post
author: ! David "Wedge659" Marincic
title: ! "This Is Some Rescue"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-10
description: ! "Balanced RTP deck with retrieval, power, and some nasty surprises."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
Rescue The Princess/Sometimes I Amaze Even Myself
Prisoner 2187
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room
Yavin 4 Docking Bay
Death Star Detention Block Corridor
Death Star Docking Bay 327
The Signal
Echo Base Garrison

Locations (3)
Home One War Room
Rendezvous Point
Yavin 4

Characters (15)
Prisoner 2187
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber x2
Luke With Lightsaber x2
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol x2
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Bothan Spy x2
8D8
ASP-707 x2

Starships (3)
Home One
Independance
Liberty

Vehicles (4)
Lift Tube x4

Effects (12)
Death Star Plans x2
Bacta Tank
Traffic Control
Order To Engage
Wise Advice
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?
Honor Of The Jedi
Projection Of A Skywalker x2
Menace Fades
Draw Their Fire

Interrupts (15)
Lift Tube Escape x2
I'm Here To Rescue You x2
Sorry About The Mess x2
Under Attack
On The Edge x2
The Signal x2
Don't Get Cocky
Gift Of The Mentor
Don't Forget The Droids
Clash Of Sabers'

Strategy: '

RESPONSE TO REVIEWS
Despite what people think, RTP is not ass.  I've beaten some very good players/decks with this.  It beat Jason Lumsden's (1865) ROps deck (w/ Overseeing It Personally) by 22, and another ROps deck by 7 despite an early flip and retrieval protection...the deck works.  No, it won't win all the time, but it does win	I had wanted to add in a couple Surprise Assaults, but I couldn't find the room.  If you have suggestions on what to take out, let me know please  The same goes for the extra 8D8.

BACK TO THE STRATEGY...

PLEASE READ THE STRATEGY BEFORE REVIEWING
I know a lot of people think RTP sucks, but it can work quite well, so please don't just say "RTP sucks" or something like that; if you still think RTP is ass after reading this, then tell me why at least.  Thanks

This is a refined version of a deck I made at about 4 a.m. the morning of my last tourney.  The deck worked extremely well despite some key cards being missing (hey, I was tired), and this version is a monster against an unprepared opponent...and pretty damn good against a prepared opponent, too )

Echo Base Garrison lets you grab 8D8 right away, setting up a quick rescue but sacrificing the ability to start with 3 effects, so you'll need to get those the old fashioned way.  If 8D8 gets slapped with a Restraining Bolt, killed by Look Sir Droids or some other means, or for some other reason prevented from making the rescue, the Bothan Spies and I'm Here To Rescue You's should do the job.	Even if you don't need them, the Bothans are great for Death Star Plans later in the game (unless Secret Plans is out, then you may just want to use 8D8) and I'm Here To Rescue You is destiny 6.  Most of the time, you'll get either a Lift Tube or a Lift Tube Escape (which can search for a Lift Tube) in your opening hand.  Deploy the Lift Tube(s) to the Death Star Docking Bay (and any ASP Droids you may have drawn), 8D8 to the Yavin 4 Docking Bay, and by the end of turn one 8D8 should be parked at the Detention Block Corridor.  DO NOT free Leia the first turn  I cannot stress that enough.  If you free her before you can back her up/escape, you're just asking for a beatdown.  At the beginning of the second turn, try to free her; if it works, deploy some kind of escort to the Yavin 4 Docking Bay and move her over with 8D8 to Yavin.  Between the Lift Tube and transit, you can get her to Yavin and ready to move into the War Room for the next turn.  If you don't free her, try again next turn and use the same strategy.  If you got an ASP droid and an extra Lift Tube, pop the Lift Tube back to your Reserve before attempting to free her to guarantee that she'll escape.  The turn after she escapes, all you need to do is move her into the War Room and flip, and 8D8 will be set up at Yavin do some Death Star Plans retrieval (unless the Bothan Spies take over for him).

Once the objective is flipped, it's time for some fun  The ASP droid/Lift Tube/Lift Tube Escape combo is just sick.  It lets you maximize retrieval with Death Star Plans and On The Edge, can boost your destiny draw, Sorry About The Mess just about anything (I've done this trick a LOT), or Under Attack any walker in the game.  In the late game, you can pop unused Lift Tubes back into your deck to pad your differential or survive another round of drains.  These tricks have won quite a few games for me, and unless your opponent is well prepared he's in for a nasty surprise

The character selection is basically EPPs (so you can Sorry About The Mess easily), but Orrimaarko and Tawss are in there cause they're that damn good.  Gift Of The Mentor and Don't Get Cocky add to the damage, but I didn't include the Leia teamwork cards since there are games when it's actually smarter to keep her out of the action, so the cards would be pretty useless.  Bacta Tank will keep your characters coming back (and can be pulled by EBG), and Order To Engage forces your opponent to fight.  Draw Their Fire is just an awesome card and can prevent annoying interrupts like destiny adders and Ghhhks, plus you retrieve (always good).  Home One and Independance are absolutely huge, and Liberty can soak up a lot of damage if you get smacked around.  Yavin 4 is great to set up Menace Fades or to satisfy Battle Order, but it isn't essential since if your opponent runs Order he's bound to have some systems to attack.

The rest of the deck is defensive.  Projections are awesome and destiny 5.  Honor Of The Jedi can prevent occupation damage and Visage loss, among other things.  Wise Advice and the grabber are anti SAC (although you'll need to play smart since you don't start Wise Advice and SAC can hurt you early on), but the grabber can get just about anything and is great against easily recycled high destiny cards like Masterful Move and Twi'lek Advisor.  Don't Forget The Droids is in there because you can't start with Your Insight Serves You Well, leaving you vulnerable to numbers.  Numbers is still a viable side-strategy, but there usually aren't many copies in the decks so one Don't Forget The Droids should be all you'll need...plus it's a destiny 6, which always helps, especially in this deck  Clash Of Sabers can prevent nasty surprises (like a POTF coming down and allowing your opponent to invade your War Room) or can be a nasty surprise itself by taking a valuable character out of the action while you beat the crap out of whoever's left.  The Signals are there to pull your effects out of your deck, and after freeing the princess you should have 3 floating around in your deck.	They're also destiny 5 and very easy to recycle, so they're good to track.  The same goes for Lift Tube Escapes, which can replenish your supply of Tubes which in turn keeps the ASP engine going.

There are a few things to remember when playing this deck, especially for those new to RTP.  Search for 8D8 with EBG BEFORE you activate.  Do not free Leia until you can protect her.	Remember to retrieve 4 Force when you free Leia.  When you flip, the place out of play and loss of immunity should be easy to remember, but your attrition is +2 and your opponent has to use +1 Force for EACH Force drain; this can win games if you remember to make him pay to drain.

The deck is a great counter to decks that rely on one or two powerful characters to be effective.  Hunt Down and BHBM just aren't gonna work too well if Vader is out of play  ROps is probably the toughest matchup, but your destinies are just about as good as ROps decks' modified destinies, and the Projections and the flipside of the objective hurt the low draining ROps decks considerably.  Overseeing It Personally can overcome this, but unless Palpy is well protected all it takes is a suicide EPP or two to take him out of the action...permanently.  The Mon Cals can garrison a single system with ease, although if you try to hold more than that it could be risky.  Secret Plans sucks, but if you can pull off the rescue early in the game you'll be able to get around it.  Something Special Planned For Them is just as bad, but you're still retrieving quite a bit even if you only pull it off once per card, so it's more than most Dark decks will be able to do.  Basically, this deck can out retrieve and out fight almost every popular Dark deck out there, and it's a lot of fun too.  Hopefully after playing this a few times, you'll be able to adapt it to your own playing style and realize just how powerful RTP can be    '