---
layout: post
author: Chris "Wedge231" Wodicka
title: 'MWYHL Eloms!?!'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-17
description: ! 'Uses fake MWYHL start.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (6)
MWYHL
Dagobah
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Insurrection
Your Insight Serves You Well
Wise Advice

Locations (7)
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Rendezvous Point
Home One Docking Bay
Home One War Room
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Cloud City Lower Corridor
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber

Characters (24)
Elom x8
Obi-wan with Lightsaber x2
Luke with Lightsaber x2
Obi-wan Kenobi
Boussh x2
Chewie with Blaster Rifle
Han with Heavy Blaster Pistol
Melas
Tawss Khaa
H’nemthe
Lando with blaster Pistol
Orrimaarko
Yoda
Corporal Beezer

Starships (2)
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1

Interrupts (7)
Out of Commission x2
Bith Shuffle
Shocking Info
Clash of Sabers
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes x2

Effects (11)
Disarmed
Scramble
Aim High
Battle Plan
Draw Their Fire
Bacta Tank
Honor of the Jedi
What’re You Trying to Push On Us?
Mechanical Failure
Order to Engage
Bargaining Table

Weapons/Devices (3)
Obi-wan’s Lightsaber
Landing Claws
Leia’s Blaster Rifle '

Strategy: '

----Update----
just so you know, i would add another EPP Obi and replace th EPP Lukes with Jedi Lukes and add a Yoxgit but I dont own any of these cards so i cant add them.

Okay, first turn you pull Yoda and his hut and deploy them to Dagobah and you deploy a docking bay from reserve. You can also ditch Your Insight if you want for Aim High, Battle Order, or Honor of the Jedi. You get 7 force on turn 2 and pull another docking bay. You basically save up force for awhile or until an opportunity for beatdown arises. Has alot of cycling 5’s for tracking also.
Bargaining Table will cancel drains and use the ships with claws vs space decks. Against BHBM give them Luke and try to win alot of battles. The -2 from attrition will be big here. If you track well you will be able to hit most of their characters and draw good for battle destinies. Scramble and Aim High are two good cards for winning battles. I use Boussh because she’s a spy and then you can use Leia’s Blaster Rifle. That card is awesome. It will rock vs Rops as they can’t draw destiny with Scramble out and you take out either Janus, Sim, or a piloted AT-ST with Boussh and her gun. Biggest problem is with heavy space like TIE’s. You just try to hold out using Claws if they deploy Dreadnaughts, Bargaining Table, Aim High to slow retrieval, and use drains on Cloud City and use Battle Order to try to slow them down. If Palpatine is at Death Star docking bay use Orrimaarko and try to win every battle there. In late game use Narshadda for retrieval.    '