---
layout: post
author: ! Travis "Com Igar" Rumans
title: ! 'Profit, with Droids'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-05-28
description: ! 'A Profit deck that actually takes advantageof the deploy bonus for Artoo and Threepio'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective
You Can Either Profit By This/
Or Be Destroyed

Characters (25)
Boush
Epp Leia
Artoox2
See Threepio
C-3P0
Master Lukex 2
Han Solo (Hansickle)
General Solox2
Ben Kenobix2
Tanus Spijek
Elomx6
Tessek
Orrimaarko
Chewiew/Gunx 2
Lando w/gun

Locations (7)
Jabba's Palace
Audience Chamber
Tosche Station
Jundland Wastes
Cantina
Mos Eisley
Entrance Cavern

Ships (3)
Lando in Falcon
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1

Devices (2)
Landing Clawx2

Weapons (2)
Anakin's Saber
Obi's Saber

Effects (11)
Projection of a Skywalkerx2
Bargaining Table
Vader's Impotence (Uncontrollable Fury)
Ultimatum
A Gift
Bacta Tank
Aim High
Scramble
OTE
Savrip

Interrupts (8)
Sorry About the mEssx2
The Singalx2
You will Take me to Jabba Now
I Know
Don't Forget the Droids (I can use its lost function =))
Nar Shadaa

'

Strategy: '

I'm screwing SAC protection, here, because it's not
popular for the DS in my area and most DS decks will SAC anything
that pisses them off enough no matter what you have out.

	My first attempt at a Profit deck, still largely
in the design phase.

	This is largely a metagame response to RallOps and Court, so please
bear that in mind in your comments.

vs. RallOps
	Start Bargaining Table.
	Attack them with Eloms if you have them before you flip. After you
flip, you can attack with maisn alright with Bad Feeling canceled, if you're
in the mood. If not, just outdrain them with mains occupation. Boush cancels
a drain, and Projection hurts it, too. RallOps often sets up Bossk at Kashyyyk,
but I haven't seen one yet that can deal with Landing Claw there.

vs. Court
	Start Aim High or Scramble.
	This is a big battle on Tatooine. If they place Han out of play, Profit's
hosed, so all you can hope to do then is battle. Still, they'll often attempt
to defend the chamber, which can allow for some big beatdown. The Eloms are little
better than Savrip fodder, here.
	Needless to say, A Gift helps a lot.Aim High is also useful, effectively making
it more expensive to battle, bounty, and feed.

vs. Endor Operations
	Start Ultimatum or Bargaining Table.
	Notice how most Profit decks think they can beat Endor Ops through shee
orneriness. There's plenty in this deck to screw up Endor Ops; landing claw's
a trick our meta's not seen in a while, and Boush at the bunker can potentially
open up a bigger beatdown. Most Endor Ops decks can't hold the chamber, so you can
free Han more or less at will, and the Eloms aren't Hurt by Perimeter Patrol.
Even if they can cancel Landing Claw, if you can get rid of a few turns of drains
you'll have the edge because both decks have a mega-force loss theme, but Profit has
retrieval and (in this deck) Bargaining Table, as well as having to deploy much less.

vs. Hunt Down
	Since they're likely to start Mara, start Scamble.
	I've only played Hunt Down twice.
	It's been a top-ranked player in the region both times.
	I lost both times.
	Non-dueling shouldn't be too much of a problem. Just fend off waves of Vaders--
with your Eloms and mains, it should be easy.
	Dueling is more problematic; the Eloms become more key, as it becomes more difficult
to use Obi and Luke. With luck, you can Sorry About the Mess Vader with a Saber.

vs. Operatives
	Attack. Beat them down on their planet, beat them down at the chamber. Boush cancels
a drain, Table cancels a drain, Projection Hurts certain drains, A Gift hurts all their good
drains. Sure, you won't be draining for much, but you've got mains occupation.

vs. ISB
	Scramble's probably your best start. Getting ability togethor's hard enough for ISB.
	Waning in popularity locally (largely why I switched decks). Projection slows their better
drains, and A Gift hurts them for using Bounty Hunter backup, and a surprising number of ISB
agents are aliens, too.
	If this is really opular, an R-3P0 would be a good addition. '