---
layout: post
author: Jon "Wow" Bragg
title: 'Wows The Man Deck'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-26
description: ! 'MKOS with Amanins'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (9)
My Kind Of Scum
Amanaman (Rep)
Well Guarded
Prepared Defenses
No Bargain
Power of the Hutt
Secret Plans
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace
Tatooine Desert Heart

Characters (25)
Amanaman x2 (Plus 1 Starting)
Amanins x9
EPP Vader
U-3P0
Mighty Jabba
Jabba
Mosep
Niado Duegad
Wittin
Nysad
Giran
Hermi Odle
Bane Malar
Ortugg
Djas Phur
Bossk w/ Mortar

Effects (5)
Reactor Termanal
Hutt Influence
Den Of Thieves x2
Lateral Damage

Interrupts (10)
Twi’lek Advisor x2
Abyssin Ornament x2
It’s Worse
Double Back
Imbalance
Jabba’s Twerps
None Shall Pass
Wounded Wookie

Starships/Vehicles (6)
Conquest
Stalker
Devestator
Thunderflare
Tempest Scout 3
Blizzard 2

Locations (3)
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba’s Palace Lower Passages
Jabba’s Palace Enterance Cavern

Creatures (2)
Bubo x2 '

Strategy: '

***REVIEW REPLIES	george3785 I couldn’t agree more. My original idea was to use Abyssians and Myo, because I had just grabbed some in an auction but due to the Holiday weekend and such I couldn’t get them in time for a tornament. However, Abyssians do have some downsides, they cost 2 to regenerate which isn’t that bad, but battling wise I only lose about 1 Amanin a fight allowing me to ”regen” it using the MKOS game text. With Jabba (SE) on the table it also adds 2 it’s forfiet and if I could get a Bib Fortuna it would be upped 2 more (to 6). as I said near the end if I could get a Scum or Mara they’d be first to go in this deck, same with Bounty Hunter ships. I’ll probably end up getting a few this Christmas but for now I just have to deal with it. Thank you again for reviewing.***

*** STRATEGY UPDATES- (11/28) This deck can be changed slightly around depending on what the meta is in your area. I chose to edit this slightly after the tornament to add a Oppresive Enfocement for the +destiny and SAC protection (only 3 or 4 players were playing any SAC there and I never encountered it, but my playtesting friends use it alot.) Be sure to read my replies to the reviews and if something is really bothering you about my deck D-mail me first, there is probably a good reason why I’m doing what I am. Thanks.

- (11/27)WHOOOPS due to slight stupidity on my part Bubo goes out of play when killed by a Amanin doh***

Hey there everyone. This is my 1st Decktech deck so any advice is welcome I played this deck in a tornament and it went 1-1 losing only once by a small loss of 8.

Lets take a look at the rep first

Why Amanaman?

Other than the fact that he was the only alien rep I had 3 of ;), hes always a pleast surprise to the opponent. Most people dont know what to expect from an Amanin deck (and some dont even know what Amanins do so they are usually cauticous deploying to my sites.)

Amananin also has the unique ability to behead characters, not only putting them out of play but adding attrition agianst the opponent. Always nice.

Amanins can retrieve force by killing non-selective creatures (aka BUBO), and are power +3 (power 3 ability 1 beforehand) when attack so they always win.

Starting Stuff

Well Guarded - Protection from getting all my guys knocked out by a Monnock. Good card.

No Bargian - Pretty self explanitory, Rebels deploy +2 to JP sites. Meaning it slows down a EPP beatdown in the palace or gives me time to prepare defenses if they go outside (or meaning they can only deploy to the desert so they cant move without a vehicle, if they play no Tat. Sites)

Power Of The Hutt- To Deploy Hutt Influnece. If I had the other cards (Bib, Ephant) Id have them in the deck, but I dont (

Secret Plans- what do EBO, On The Edge, and Kessel Runs have in common? Retrieval. What slows it? Secret Plans.

Tatooine Jabbas Palace- Obviously to pull JP sites. If they start profit I use the lower passage instead.

Characters

Jabba or Mighty- Depends on the situation. I actually prefer Jabba in some cases because of the -1 to alien deploys and +2 to my Amanin forfiet. If Im battling at my sites Mighty always. I also have a sad tendency to get both of them in my opening hand. If not I usually pull one using the JPAC text. So I guess I prefer Jabba overall.

EPP Vader- Attacking them is good. If I had more Id use more. I usually leave him alone at the desert or ocassionally send him to Hoth or something depending on the opponents deck.

U-3P0- Drain Killer, If they bring a huge Beatdown squad I scramble away and let them drain (or not) with him there.

Giran/Nysad - Power +3 while defending at JP, thats good.

Mosep - Draining from Deck is good expecially near the end of a game your losing =)

Niado - Come on this guy is steriod man. Right before a battle use 3 force to pump him up to power 8 ability 3. Not bad, with Vader thats power 14.

Wittin - Hes a Leader and he lets me retrieve more with Jabbas Twerps.

Ortugg - At the JPEnter he lets me drain for 1 there.

Bossk - Hes one of the few w/ gun guys I have, and he can capture mains by tracking a 1 or 2 (with another bounty hunter.)

Effects

Why 2 Dens?
It can be altered. and Ive had trouble getting them in my hand in the past.

Hutt Influence - no modifing drains

Lat Damage - I hate the Falcon, dont you?

Intterupts

Its Worse - Its a 6, it hurts It Could Be Worse (used alot in HB against Sec Prec), and it hurts them more after a battle

Double Back - Lose Bossk? No problem, retrieve him with this

Imbalance - Can you say Profit? Ok... so let me get this strait, they pay 10 for secret plans to retrieve 10 and then they have to lose 5 of it? hahaha its evil and tech. Plus its used so against AITC and EBO they have to lose 1 to retrieve one basically (and pay 1 force).

Twerps - Jabba, Amanaman, and Wittin retrieve 3

None Shall Pass - They Drop Lando and Luke to JP for +2 (No Baragin) slam Lando with None Shall Pass and kill Luke.

Wounded Wookie - +3 Destiny when MKOS is flipped, and cancel game text of one rebel, always helpfull vs EPPs.

Abyssian Ornament - Mad Retrieval

Starships

Why SDs? I dont have any Bounty Hunters, and 3 of these are power 9 and one is power 8 giving me decent power in space if I need it to probe or beatdown. Lat Damage something and then send one of these bad boys down.

Vehicles

Tempest Scout 3 - The only one I have, it also lets me move out of the desert if I have to and is fun to use.

Blizzard 2 - Raw Power, usually use at opponents sites.

Sites

JPAC - DS-2 LS-1 Pull an Alien

JPLP- DS-2 LS-1 Move For Free

JPEC- DS-1 LS-1 Drain +1 With Ortugg

Creatures

Bubo? Well if you have to use him to attack, I guess thats ok. Otherwise slaughter him with an Amanin to retrieve 3 You can do it twice so retrieve your twerps and rep with it

Thats about it for card explanations.

How I Play

Turn one grab Hutt Influece w/ POTH and grab JPAC with TatJP (or grab JPLP if AC is in your force pile.) Pull Jabba w/ AC if hes not in hand Turn 1. If you get a twileck pull Den of Thieves also. Set up the other 2 JP Sites and drain for 4 (AC, LP, TatJP, Desert). If you didnt have to grab Jabba w/ AC grab Ortugg and set up a drain at the AC. Be sure to Flip your obj by turn 3 or 4. Stop 1 Drain a turn with Den. 1 With MKOS and if you have to lose 1 Amanin from your hand and retrieve him during your control phase. Put Bubo at the Audience Chamber and slaughter him with an Amanin (power 6 vs Creature). Retrieve 3. Get another Bubo down, kill him and retrieve what you can, or just use Twerps or Abyssian Ornament. You should be able to retrieve 1 Amanin a turn, 3 to Twerps every few turns (getting it back by retrieval through Abyssian or Bubo), and Abyssian once (hopefully to grab both Twerps and a Bubo *if you lose him to a drain* or both if you lost them). One tornament game I played with this deck I had no lost pile most of the game. Bubo wont attack you either. Its a fun deck be sure to remember Secret Plans and Imbalance to kill there retrieval.

Deck Matchup

Baragwin EBO Use Secret Plans/Imbalance. Once they set it up and put out a system or 2 deploy SDs and lateral damage there X-wings (alot of ppl have been using the Red Squads alone up there so there an easy beatdown.) Stop drains using Den/MKOS and Amanaman and Retrieval. Outdrain and Retrieve.

AITC Kill them. LS sucks really dudes. None shall Pass any rebels and do beatdowns to Lando and friends. Start TatJP and control there Hutt Route first turn and convert the AC. Drain them in the desert, LP, and EC. I slaughtered this deck in a tornament.

Profit Be Carefull. Start Niedo and Mighty Jabba and JPLP try and stop the Han but use Secret Plans/Imbalance to your advantage. None Shall Pass Rebels that deploy there (Boushh), and try and out drain them.

HB A Tough Game, but set up drains early and use your Den/MKOS/Retrieval to your advantage. If you can get 2 SDs up there start probing.

HB Mains Tough, Tough Game. They usually come with a beatdown turn 1 or so, it involves mostly running around and avoiding battles. Try to Bubo and Retrieve alot. Be sure to keep MKOS flipped and use Amanaman to cancel destiny on MKOS. Good Luck.

TIGIH I havent played this deck, but Id assume you go about your buisness and outdrain them at the Palace. I guess you could grab Luke w/ EPP Vader. Any Suggestions on this?

Numbers This gets ugly. search for a site EVERY Turn in order to keep it moving. Activate as little as possiable and try to outdrain. this deck can beat it if its played right and you drain fast and early.

What Id Like to add

Mara - Shed be sweet for this deck, I dont have her though =(

Scum And Villany - Another Card that would make this deck a killer, and I dont have it.

Leave any suggestions you have at the Review spot or D-Mail me
'