---
layout: post
author: ! Leonard "Master Yoda" Mitchell
title: ! "Hutt/s Agents"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-09
description: ! 'Setup sweet drains in the safety of Jabba's Palace with ISB and Gailid.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (10)
Coruscant
Coruscant Imperial Square
Dagobah Cave
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace Droid Workshop
Jabba's Palace Dungeon
Jabba's Palace Rancor Pit
Tatooine Jabba's Palace  x3

Characters (20)
Chall Bekan
Gailid	x2
Jabba the Hutt	x2
Outer Rim Scout  x11
5D6-RA-7 (Fivedesix)  x2
Darth Vader With Lightsaber  x2

Starships (3)
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Boba Fett in Slave I
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts (13)
Torture  x2
Ghhhk
Nevar Yalnal  x2
Twi'lek Advisor  x3
None Shall Pass  x5

Effects (13)
A Bright Center To The Universe
Bad Feeling Have I
First Strike
Imperial Arrest Order
No Bargain
Oppressive Enforcement
Presence Of The Force  x2
Scum and Villany x2
There'll Be Hell To Pay  x2
Failure At The Cave

Objective (1)
ISB Operations/Empire's Sinister Agents
'

Strategy: '

I recently threw this deck together just to have something new and fun.  It turns out to be better than I originally gave credit to it for, so I wanted to share it with you.  The deck makes draining in the Palace fun for the DS, and very expensive for the LS to try and stop.  No Bargain, BFHI, and None Shall Pass all make life rough for the Rebels.

Locations  Coruscant will be your standard starting location, but the Imp. Square is in there for your start against Hidden Base (that way it allows you to convert their Coruscant with yours later in the game).  DagobahCave is for the Failure combo, and three TJP allow me to get out my JP sites quickly.  I have all JP sites except the Entrance Cavern because it gives way too many bonuses to the LS.  One of the premises of the deck is to give lots of Force denial to the LS, and JP sites do just that.

Characters  EPP Vader is your surgical strike tool.  Drop him in, take out the offending LS card (Harc Seff, Figrin Dan, Lando, Worrt, etc.), and forfeit him to keep S&V active.	Fat Jabba gets the call because I have enough sites to make S&V immune to Alter and because I want the extra Force activation to get around Battle Plan, should it be played.  Chall Bekan is an ISB agent as well as another way to get out your ORS.  Gailid provides more drains inside the Palace, and 5D6-RA-7 is just the harshest card in the deck.	ORS form the backbone agents in the deck; they are quick, inexpensive, and just plain cool.

Starships  Your three starships are the best that the independent fleet has to offer.	Obviously they are just used as probing implements and should really be used only as such.  By the time HB is flipped, you'll have had plenty of time to get them into your hand (using the JP gt is awesome for this).

Interrupts  Everything is self-explanatory.  Tortures are your anti-numbers.  Nevar Yalnals are your anti-Gift/spy tech.  Use them to wipe out Artoo or a spy which is trying to setup a beatdown on one of your ORS.	Twi'leks get out your effects fast, and None Shall Pass keep Rebels out.  There's not too much better in this game than having your opponent pay 9 Force for Obi, only to have him sent back to his hand.  The original deck had SCrews in it too, but they were dropped to make this a bit more battle oriented.

Effects  Your starting effect every game should be No Bargain (unless you play against ops, in which case it would be ABCTTU).  No Bargain is just so awesome  deploy +2 for every Rebel, JP sites are all immune to Revolution, and all of your ORS are forfeit another +1 (if you play with Skinny Jabba they all start to forfeit for 6).  Bad Feeling further enhances the deploy cost of the opponent's favorite Rebels, and it should be one of the first effects grabbed with an early Twi'lek.  The First Strike/S&V combo is included because it is just too good to leave out.  Imperial Arrest Order wards off Nabrun and Oppressive Enforcement lets your grabbers drop for free, as well as providing minimal SAC protection.  The Presences were added to create more battlegrounds for the ISB agents to drain, further making JP rock.  Failure is only to be played after you have everything set up and can make him pay while his apprentice tries to get to the Cave in time to stop it.  Don't be a fool and play Failure too early.

It's a pretty fun deck, so let me know what you think.  Good luck with it. '