---
layout: post
author: Graham "Mr Cheese" Neal
title: 'Elom Cheese'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-02
description: ! 'This deck revolutions your opponents locations and then drops eloms, Wioslea, 8D8, Wedge, Toryn Farr, or Sergeant Doallyn to use with inserts.  Large force activation, Bacca Tank, and EPP mains beat the crap out of anything that stands in your way.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations(6)
Swamp(SL)
Farm(SL)
Yavin 4 Massassi Ruins
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room
Yavin 4 Massassi Headquaters
Yavin 4 Massassi Throne Room(SL)

Characters(18)
Luke W/Lightsaber
Obi W/Lightsaber
Elom x10
Toryn Farr
Wedge Antillies
Sergeant Doallyn
8D8
Wioslea x2

Creatures(2)
Nudj x2

Interrupts(12)
Careful Planning(SI)
The Signal
Quite a Mercenary
Tunnel Vision
Transmission Terminated x2
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes x2
It Could Be Worse x4

Effects(22)
Revolution x6
Never Tell Me The Odds x6
Grappling Hook x4
Battle Plan x2
Bacta Tank x2
Bargaining Table x2

'

Strategy: '

This is one of my all time favorite decks to play with.  First turn revolution and pull a Nudj out of the deck to start locking down my opponent.  After looking through the deck I know what is in my force pile so I can know what I am going to draw.	Tranmission termanated almost always canceles Visage on the first turn.  Next turn I revolution their locations agian if they can activate anything, otherwise I drop high destany characters and insert them with Never tell me the odds.  Then I can Battle any characters they have out with EPP's and Eloms and lose the EPP to the bacta tank so that does not slow down the insert card when it comes to the top.  Eloms are high destany and a wooping 4 power when an imperial is present at the site.  The grappling hooks are in the deck to grab Evader, because people that I played at tournaments were had only one Evader in their deck that they pulled out with Crush the Rebelion.  This deck has won 4-5 Tournaments and is very fun to play VS anyone who has not felt the burn of 'Elom Cheese' '