---
layout: post
author: ! Geoff "Loaf" Gallo-Cornell
title: ! "RalOps NUMBERS v3.5 (biker scouts)"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-12
description: ! 'my attempt at a high destiny deck..works well. last version was hosed with a half a star it didnt deserve....'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective Ralltiir Operations

Locations
Ralltiir
Raithal
 Desert
 Jungle
 Forest
 Spaceport Docking Bay

Interrupts
Accelerate x2
Masterful Move
Endor Occupation
Shocking Revelation
Twi'lek Advisor
High Speed Tactics x3
Pitiful Little Band
Trooper Assault
Furry Fury
Scruffy Looking Nerf Herder
It's Worse x2
Hunting Party x2 (destiny 7)
Imperial Reinforcements x2
Sense
Control

Effects
Biker Scout Gear
We're The Bait (destiny 7)
Mournful Roar (destiny 7)
Closed Door x2 (destiny 7)
Visage of the Emperor x2 (destiny 7)
Empires New Order
3,720 to 1
Reactor Terminal

Characaters
Biker Scout Trooper x5
Corporal Avarik
Sergeant Elsek
Sergeant Barich
Darth Vader
Mara Jade
Dengar w/gun

Weapons
Vader's Saber
Mara's Saber

Ships & Vehicles
Bossk in Bus
Fett in Slave I
Devastator (or Zuckuss in MH, if i had it)
Executor
Speeder Bike x5


'

Strategy: '

Ok, i will write a new strategy for this deck. Basically, use twi lek to start biker scout gear in the beginning. Get down a trooper each turn with Ral Ops,(after getting 2 sites down), and get a bike down for them that turn too. Once you get enough guys down, pull another site, and flip the OBJ. Continue to control the ralltiir sites to add to your Battle Destinies. Use the ability to use 2 force to bring things into hand, and get systems, and the ships, namely fett in ship and bossk in bus. Use vader and mara with their sabers to get some nice hits with forfiet =0, since you are almost guarenteed to hit with the high destinies (EIGHT 7'S IN THIS DECK) , then add to your destiny with the OBJ's game text. If you only got one destiny, you could draw a 7 (very possible) and get it to be +4 because you control all 4 ralltiir sites, for a BD of 11 Use dengar to get you two forfiet = 0 hits during each battle cant beat that before you let mara,vader and dengar loose, play 3,720 to 1, and butcher them, since all your troopers are destiny 5 when you control raithal. Compared to a likely 3 for a total of theirs, and 15 of yours, they loose 12 force, not to shabby. Once that is done, drop mara, vader and dengar, and kill them. If that isnt a good enough strategy, please d-mail me. check out my earlier variations of this deck BEFORE you rate this one, as once you see those, this one will be a 4 star deck (i hope...)
PS I know, take out the lame 7s, and stick some good 6s in, i need a list of good 6s that would suit this deck. Until then, i am keeping the 7s, cause it is so much fun to say your total weapon destiny with a saber was 14 I like furry fury and scruffy looking nerf herder since they A) cancel destiny adders, or B) let you draw destiny, and subtract from oppenent..a good idea with such high destinies I am looking for some constructive advice here, not "that sucks", or "free points" with half a star given. This deck is atleast 3.5 stars... but if you realyl feel it sucks that bad..go ahead...BUT IT DOESNT...d-mail me with cards i should switch in, or put them in the review...thanks'