---
layout: post
author: ! Mike "Mikey P" Panayotou
title: ! "Mike’s Hunt Down v. 1.0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-13
description: ! 'Standard Hunt Down deck, using some of the ideas from other Hunt Down postings and tweaking it to my style.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (9)

Hunt Down
Epic Duel
Holotheater
Visage of the Emperor
Meditation Chamber
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Pts.
Crush the Rebellion
IAO

Systems (1)

Rendili (pulled before turn 1)

Locations (7)

Endor Landing Platform
Tatooine DB 94
CC East Platform
DS II DB
CC Downtown Plaza
Tatooine Cantina
Endor Back Door

Characters (19)

DV, DLOTS x2
Darth w/Saber
Lord Vader x2
Tarkin x2
Mara Jade
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Ozzel
Dr. Evazan
Dengar w/gun
Iggy (IG-88) w/gun
4-LOM w/gun
Bobba Fett w/Gun
Boelo
Jabba
Ephant Mon

Blue (4)

Blizard 2
Executer
Bossk in Bus
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts (12)

Alter x2
SHUOSHD
Monnok
Evader
Vader's Obsession x2
Circle is Now Complete x2
Sniper
Masterful Move
Shocking Revalation

Effects (5)

Secret Plans
Visage of the Emperor
Battle Order
Decree
Search and Destroy

Weapons (3)

Vader's Saber
Darth Vader's Saber
Mara Jade's Saber
'

Strategy: '

Strategy

This Hunt Down deck worked pretty well for me.	I call it v. 1.0 because it obviously will evolve to match new light side decks that may come out soon.  The main frame will remain the same though -- kill Ben and Luke.

Basic Strategy

Start the Starting Stuff (swap Crush for Secret Plans vs. Profit and MWYHL).  Pull Rendili before you draw a hand on turn one.	Activate, deploy Rendili (in most cases), search for DS II DB, deploy a scrub there and draw up the rest.  Next turn, I like to go for CC East Platform (nice with Crush if they play destiny adders).  Get Vader out, Flip and maintain/enforce Visage.  Sim Aloo and Janus are great for making your destinies high and opponent’s low (or at least lower).  The aliens are for Profit and even Eloms. Jabba and Boelo can handle a site together -- add Boba and 4-Lom and it’s a pretty nice team (cancel text, shoot, draw 3 destiny, cancel one of opponent’s)  Iggy is great with those guys for a real party (4 destiny and cancel)

Some red cards that I chose

Alter -- Cancel Sense, of course, or nail an annoying effect.  I don’t need to have Senses because duel protection in my area is non-existent (if this changes, I’ll submit v 1.1)

SHUOSHD/Masterful -- cancel annoying effects, search for Monnok, used 6s, cycle with Janus.

Dueling Cards -- I want to make sure I have one when I need one.  If I have both of one type, I can send them away with Janus and then track it.

Sniper -- nail annoying characters (spies).  I may swap it with Hutt Smooch.

Shocking Rev -- Anti-Oola tech.  I can also pull it every turn w/Secret Plans and track it (kind of like Force Lightning, except I don’t have a Palply =(

Search and Destroy -- MWYHL bites it quick with this, if they don’t play EPPs to go to battlegrounds.  That plus Visage and drains is enough to win before they test to 5.  Add in Secret Plans and the game is yours.  If they drop characters, duel them ) slice them, chill them, serve them.

Anyway, that’s it for now.  Like I said, this deck will be modified soon.  I’d like to add more blue and I might be forced to add more SAC.  Time will tell.  Let me know what you think.  D-mail me if you see serious problems before rating.  Thanks

-Mikey P
'