---
layout: post
author: ! Andrew "Gwaihir" Ehret
title: ! 'The New Deal'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-19
description: ! 'The best deck I could make using this deal in the post death star 2 enviroment.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'
Locations (8)
c U  Bespin
c U  Bespin Cloud City
c C  Cloud City East Platform (Docking Bay)
s C  Cloud City Upper Walkway
s C  Cloud City West Gallery
s C  Coruscant Docking Bay
z C  Death Star II Docking Bay
s U  Executor Docking Bay

Characters (16)
P NA Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
b NA Dengar With Blaster Carbine
p R2 Dr. Evazan
l NA 4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
l NA IG-88 With Riot Gun
z R  Admiral Chiraneau
p R2 Admiral Motti
h R1 Admiral Ozzel
z F  Admiral Piett
d U  Commander Brandei
z R  Commander Merrejk
p U2 Commander Praji
P NA Darth Vader With Lightsaber  x2
p R1 Grand Moff Tarkin
d U  Lieutenant Commander Ardan

Starships (11)
f U  Devastator
S NA Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
z R  Flagship Executor	x2
s R  OS-72-1 In Obsidian 1
s R  OS-72-2 In Obsidian 2
z C  TIE Interceptor  x4
b NA Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Interrupts (8)
p R2 I Have You Now
a U1 Sniper  x2
z C  Prepared Defenses
J C  Twi'lek Advisor
p U1 Alter  x2
c C  Shocking Revelation

Effects (14)
e U  Battle Order
d R  Broken Concentration
s R  Cloud City Occupation
l NA Crush The Rebellion
c R  Dark Deal
s U  First Strike
e U  Imperial Arrest Order
z R  Mobilization Points
s U  Oppressive Enforcement
s U  Secret Plans
z R  We're In Attack Position Now - Admiral's Order  x2
a U2 There'll Be Hell To Pay
p R2 Lateral Damage

Weapons (2)
s C  SFS L-s9.3 Laser Cannons  x2

Objectives (1)
l NA This Deal Is Getting Worse All The Time/Pray I Don't Alter It Any Further
'

Strategy: '

This is a deck type I've been playing for a long time. This form of it has gone 6-2 in tournament games for me. If you are curious about the losses they were to a x-wing swarm and a profit deck, both of which were played by people with much more tournament experience then myself.

How to begin the game

secret plans and the west gallery from the objective

mobilization points(or battle order against profit), IAO, and oppressive enforcement using the starting interrupt


first turn I often use the objective to deploy bespin, then use IAO to get a 1/0 docking bay. Based on whats in your force pile and how your opponent started you can now choose to deploy to the docking bay for extra activation, play the twilek, or draw.

Always use these to search engines to determine what is in your force pile so you can decide if you want to draw.

In future turns deploy dark deal,cloud city occupation, and We're In Attack Position Now, to cause a large amount of damage. This should force the opponent onto cloud city which is a hostile environment.

The reasons you should win conflicts on your turf include deployment costs from bespin gametext, power bonuses from dark deal and cloud city, five characters which fire permanent weapons, and the interceptor cannons which have shot down every version of the falcon in tournament games.

for undercover spies I included snipers.

first strike becomes even better with secret plans. In addition I like first strike with broken concentration. Depriving the opponent of that saved force is ALWAYS worth it. Broken concentration is also overlooked as a surpise rebel barrier counter.

For those of you who will mock my use of the new executor it's destiny of 5 with MP has come up big too many times. In addition, one game I deployed it against a lone ship and battled with only 13 force left in my deck for the win. I actually like it more then the dagobah version.

Thanks for reading my strategy, I welcome any ideas for improvement.

Gwaihir


'