---
layout: post
author: ! Jamie "JEEBS" Giberti
title: ! 'The Scary Side of Sienar Fleet Systems'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-13
description: ! 'deploy wakeelmui and sienar fleet , Fear, deploy Tie, Retrieve Fear, use fear, repeat as needed. Also draining.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting

Death Star
Twi'Lek Advisor
Oppressive Enforcement (3)

Locations

2 x Wakeelmui
Coruscant
Kiffex
Kashyyyk
Kessel
Corulag
Tattooine (8)

Effects

Sienar Fleet Systems
Dreaded Imperial Starfleet
Reactor Terminal
Presence of the force
2 x There'll be hell to pay (6)

Starships

11 x TIE Fighter
4 x Dreadnaught
Vengence
Bossk in Bus
Dengar in Punishing One
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter (19)

Interrupts

4 x All Power To weapons
8 x Fear
3 x Tallon Roll
2 x Dark Manuevers
2 x Watch Your back
Short Range Fighters
2 x Tarkin's orders
2 x Twi'lek advisor (24) '

Strategy: '

This is a very fast deck. You need to find wakeelmui and Sienar Fleet quickly. With 2 wakeelmui's and Twi'Leks, this shouldn't be a problem. Once their out, start fearing. Then deploy Tie's with a dreadnaught to retrieve the fears. You can repeat this as much as neccessary.
While this is going on, deploy bounty hunter ships, and tie's as neccessary. Aswell as the Sienar retrieval, you can use short range fighters for one big retrieval. They won't be able to stand up to constant fearing aswell as drains at kashyyyk, kiffex and other systems.

NOTE Take out one tallon roll, PUT IN Sec Prec.

Here's some specifics

VS Dagobah Training

dagobah can't normally handle a fast start, and normally that's just what this deck has. OK, great warrior is slightly annoying, but not the end of the world. Lots of Fears will cause them to start losing off the top of their reserve deck, and dagobah doesn't like it. You should have them dead long before the retrieval engine starts.

VS Dantooine Base Operations

If it is a squadron based DBOps, you will have no problems. Fears and drains in the early going may cause them to abandon all space efforts, but if not, Overpower them, and if you're feeling bold, you could try a tallon roll or two(Good against Y-Wings, Risky vs X-Wings). Park a force at Dantooine, and use Tarkin's orders to stop them draining. This also will provide protection against annoying things like ICBW or surprise assault.

VS Proper Hidden base

Start sec prec on the death star. Fear for all your worth in the early going, and Tallon roll anything that comes near you. There will probably be lots of battling in this game, so make sure you have All Power to weapons, and grab organized attack, corellian slip etc etc. With fear and retreival, you should win.

VS Fake HB Beatdown

Start fast, again with sec prec, just in case they are packing enough systems to flip. If not, park a fleet at their planet, tarkin's Orders some drains, and proceed as normall. You should outfear, and outdrain.

VS Operatives

Unless they're packing lots of ships, not much of a problem. if falcon with han & Chewie shows up, put out zuckuss and Bossk in Ships for two destiny for you, none for them (That goes for any game). Just draining with fear should do it. If they fight lots, get most of your tie's with Vengence for 4 forfeit a tie.

VS Profit

This could be running Kessel Run and/or OMDH, so watch out, and muller them if they try it. Control Kessel especially. The flip side's text about losing while the mains are at battleground's could be bad. Probably the Toughest match up.

Thanks for Reading.  '