---
layout: post
author: Alan "Curse" Finch
title: 'Flawless Devestation'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-07
description: ! 'A very fast, powerful, and mean deck - the best I've ever made'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (6)
Hunt Down And Destroy the Jedi / Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe
Executor Holotheatre
Executor Meditation Chamber
Visage Of The Emperor
Twi'lek Advisor
Imperial Arrest Order

Effects (3)
Come Here you Big Coward
Presence Of The Force
Reactor Terminal

Interrupts (11)
Alter x2
HoloNet Transmission
Masterful Move x4
Sense x2
Twi'lek Advisor
You Are Beaten

Characters (20)
Admiral Motti
Admiral Ozzel
Captain Needa
Commander Igar
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x5
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
Navy Trooper Fenson
Quarren
Zuckuss

Weapons (2)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber

Vehicles / Starships (10)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Avenger
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Devestator
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
Thunderflare
Vengance

Locations (8)
Cloud City East Platform (Docking Bay)
Executor Docking Day
Spaceport Docking Bay

Coruscant
Death Star
Kashyyyk
Kessel
Ralltiir '

Strategy: '

To start Imperial Arrest Order will allow you to pull out docking bays which'll allow you access to about any place you might want to get - plus it'll keep you from getting 'jumped'. First turn you should throw down a character (anybody will do, but Ozzel and Fenson would be best) to the holotheatre. This will allow the hurt of Visage to sink into your opponent.

Basic Play As soon as you get a masterful move into your hand use it - get out HoloNet Transmission Deploy your locations A.S.A.P.. This really can't hurt you due to the fact that you can get a total of 18 force icons (with prescence) and your opponent will only get 5 The included sites also allow for decent force drain (which should only  be used for a back up plan). Five "choker" Vaders are the best with you counting your destiny six Masterful moves. No other Vader will do, accept no imitation.

HB or Space Decks If you are going up against a space deck throw presence out on the meditation chamber and get Vader there. Then proceed to lay some pain on your opponent with your big ships. You also have all the needed systems to make sure your ships won't get stranded at one end of the table. This dish plenty of punishment with your amazing activation and sheer power.

OPS You have plenty of ground power to really keep ops from setting up. Plus there are some nice destiny adding characters to really help. You should totally control these decks.

Training Decks Throw the Quarren, Zuckuss, and 4-LOM (or Iggy) into Hound's Tooth (or Slave 1) along with whatever else you can (including an AT-AT) and go visit that dank smelling planet. Then you can start a battle against yoda and you can deploy all the rest of your imperials there too.

Mains & Toys You can add destinys too and also space drain. Enjoy this victory.

Profit Put Mara and Zuckuss down to start. Get Mara her saber and some more bounty hunting back up there. You can move Zuckuss to an adjacent site with Iggy then react to the auidence chamber with him if need be.

This deck went undefeated for me at a recent tourney. I had some great winning margins too. This is truely Flawless Devestation

--Review Comments--
Heavy "Revo" decks aren't really that worthy these days so... plus, that's what the Alters are for.

Master Yoda, come on man, think about this; You say reactor terminal isn't worth being in this deck - you must not have played in a lot of tourneys. If your opponent knows he's beat and trys for a time-out victory then you will NEED this card BADLY. Plus, it helps stop your complaints about multiple Dark Lords - gee put them back in your life force.

As I said this is a COMBAT deck If your opponent is playing a drain deck this deck will mop him up through battles. That is why there is no Battle Order or ABC.

Lateral Damage is a worthy card but... I think that with the way this deck plays it's not necessary.

Grabber cards are just trendy and don't really work to well in most situations - the only reason I'd want one is against Sabacc but in that case who cares.

Visage Protection - visage is really an early game affector. I don't really need it to stay on the table all the time. If someone plays with multiple Trans Term then fine, they will loose two cards to cancel it. Plus, they will have to continually draw to get them which will leave them with little life force to fight with - Game Won.

Oola? Boy, what characters I haven't actually deployed will go back to my life force - man, big loss.

Numbers / Odds - I've never seen one of these decks that really could stand up to this kind of power.

Character selection
5x DLOTS (already explained)

Fenson - kills "On (and off) the Edge" You will understand him when you fore go him and your opponent retrieves his entire lost pile in one turn With him your opponent shouldn't be able to get those lost interrupst back.

Zuckuss - he is entirely necessary against those ugly Order to Engage / Gimmerstick decks. Plus you can leave Vader where he is and have Zuck (and Pals) battle Yoda.

Location selection - Ever heard of force choke? Gee, this is a major hurt for almost any worthy strategy. As I said, you shouldn't need to force drain. But, if you do, a couple of sabers and prescence will surely work. '