---
layout: post
author: Jamie "JEEBS" Giberti
title: 'The Modal Node Shuffle'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-22
description: ! 'Mains & Toys with Optional Cantina Shuffle draining'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting

Tatooine Obi-Wan's Hut
Careful Planning
Tatooine Mos Eisley (3)

Locations

Tatooine
2 x Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Tatooine Docking Bay
Rendevous Point
Dagobah Yoda's Hut (7)

Starships

2 x Millennium Falcon
Spiral
Tantive IV
Liberty
Home One
Independence (7)

Weapons

Luke's Lightsabre
Anakin's Lightsabre
Obi-Wan's Lightsabre (3)

Effects

Honor Of The Jedi
Traffic Control
Mantellian Savrip
Bacta Tank
Tatooine Celebration
Wise Advice
Lightsabre Proficiency (7)

Characters

2 x Ben Kenobi
Luke With Lightsabre
Master Luke
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Leia with Blaster Rifle
Boussh
Captain Han Solo
Han with Heavy Blaster Pistol
Chewbacca
Yoda
General Calrissian
Tawss Khaa
Orrimaarko
Admiral Ackbar
Wedge Antilles
Lt. Blount (17)

Interrupts

2 x Sense
2 x Alter
2 x Control
3 x It Could Be Worse
Nabrun Leids
The Signal
Sorry About The Mess
I Know
Skywalkers
Gift Of The Mentor
Life Debt (16)

NB If you don't Have Luke Jedi Knight,Sub in another Master Luke'

Strategy: '

NBB Pull the Life Debt and add an our only hope cos of all the BHBM going round.


This is Just your Basic Mains & Toys Deck with some DS 2 updates. I start Obi's Hut and Mos Eisley, because I don't Want to give the Opponent 3 force first turn, but If you want to risk, it's up to you. Also, If you wish to just Start Obi's Hut, there is a signal to get Wise Advice, Honor or whatever you want. Basically, You go round beating up the opponents Characters and Ships. There is Plenty of Draining that you can do on Tatooine with the shuffle, and there are more than enough ships to hold the celebration. Yoda and his hut are good if you can get them together but if not, I never turn down Yoda's forfeit 9 from savrip. Plenty of the destiny adders for battles, reasonable S/A/C package, I didn't want to overdo it. The one nabrun is just in case you get in a real tight spot, sorry about the mess is for U-3P0 or someone who is being a problem.

VS BHBM

Let them make the First Move. Whenever Palpy shows up, try and take him out with a squad. Drain on Tatooine early while you get the Chance, as there will be lots of battles. If you fear this deck, take out Life debt or one of the other destiny adders and put in an our only hope. You should win through lots of battling, and retrieval through the celebration.

VS Sienar Fleet Systems.

Could be a problem. Drain like hell while they get set up. Get the fleet defending Tatooine, and send ye olde SuperFalcon on hit & run expeditions. Celebration will be crucial as they will be retrieving, so you need to aswell. If they come to the ground, Beat the living Crap out of them.

VS Court

This will be Fun. Lots of Battles on Tatooine. Sense things like Jabba's Through with you. Battle on your terms, not his. I doubt unless they have a mammoth force they will try and invade the cantina, if they do, shuffle over and layeth the smacketh down on their candy asses. Be wary of walkers, as I have seen all imperial Court decks lately, so don't underestimate them.

VS TDIGWATT

Don't Let them set up Dark Deal. This deck is Highly adaptive to things like this, so Just take the place over. Kill their Lando or Get yours down first, as they may be doing sabacc, if this is the case, occupy the casino to cancel its gametext for the ds. Controlling Bespin system is a good idea, watch out for the executor though.

VS Hunt Down

If this is the Hunt Down with only about 5 characters, you will be laughing. Try and SATM Vader, or use Leia/Han/Chewie combos on him. If ben or Luke have to get near him, preferably it should be Ben Kenobi or LS, Jedi Knight. If its normal HD, You will have to go all out to win the battles, using everyone, may be trickyl, but you should pull through '