---
author: drew "drew man1" scott
title: 'Did someone say BEATDOWN in space'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-25
description: 'the deck puts vader in the meditation chamber, drains in space and hands out beatdown on a platter.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

OBJECTIVE
hunt down and destroy the jedi.
CHARACTERS
darth vader X2
dark lord of sith
lord vader
ds-61-2
ds-61-3
evax
cabbal
captain godheardt
admiral chiraneau
ozzel
commander merrejk
LOCATIONS
holotheter
meditation chamber
wampa cave
endor
sullest
kashheek
kiffex
STARSHIPS
scythe squadron tie X4
dreadnaughts X3
the emperers shield
vengance
avenger
dominater
zuckuss in mist hunter
bossk in hounds tooth
devastater
EFFECTS
visage of the emperor
cruch the rebellion
something special planned
you cannot hide forever
oppressive enforcement
secret plans
lateral damage
first strike
security percautions
presance of the force
imperial arrest order
INTERUPTS
i have you now X2
evader
tallon roll X2
dark menuvers X2
masterful move
twi'lek adviser X2
ghhhk
all power to the weapons X2
ADMIRALS ORDERS
were in attack positions now
battle deployment




Strategy: 

	   My brand new hunt down deck is new and immproved. I figure if most lightside decks are going in space I will convert my original hunt down ground to hunt down space.
	First off you start with presance of the force in the meditation chamber. get vader down thier and then set up space drains. This deck did pretty well against hidden base because they couldnt do anything about the power and the fact that each battle destiny is -2 and if you have were in attack posision now out each capitol starship is immune to attrition of 3 and pilots are deploy -1.
	a problem is that vader will get attacked by EPP's. but I have you now will protect you pretty well. along with crush the rebellion, because the executers sights are mobile.( he might not even die because both of thier destines will be -2. If he dies oh well you have movaders to replace the first one.
	in 2 diffrent games vader got battled by EPP obi won and EPP luke. he was hit by a saber but with  I have you now i wiped both of them out with a total battle destiny of 15.
	Im not sure yet how profit will do against this deck. Chiraneau should help because he will give youdrain bonus. Im not sure yet but i might add som undercover spies to the deck to take care of the ground drains.
	I put those new tie fighters in my deck
because there destiny 4 and got a base of 7 for a tallon roll.(which will stop that matching pilot crap, except for new falcon and new wedges ship.