---
author: Dan "Mystikal" Christy
title: 'Mystikal's Endor Ops'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-21
description: 'Endor Ops with some DS2 FLAVA!!!'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

starting:
Endor Operations
Endor
Bunker
Endor:DB
Prepared Defenses

systems:
Death Star
Kiffex
Kashyyyk
Sullust
Kessel

Admiral's Orders:
We're In Attack Position Now

Creatures:
Bubo

Starships:
Executor
Devastator
Avenger
Vengeance
Tyrant
3x Death Squadron Star Destroyer
5x Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Characters:
Emperor Palpatine
2x Darth Vader
Mara Jade
2x Grand Moff Tarkin
Admiral Piett
Captain Needa
Admiral Motti
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Officer Evax
Commander Merrejk
Lieutenant Cabbel
Ephant Mon

Effects:
First Strike
Ominous Rumors
Reactor Terminal
Oppressice Enforcement
Broken Concentration
Security Precautions
Secret Plans
Imperial Decree
Something Special Planned For Them
Imperial Arrest Order
Lateral Damage
Presence Of The Force
Come Here You Big Coward

Interrupts:
Twi'lek Advisor
Combat Response
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
Masterful Move

Strategy: 

I've cosidered adding another Lateral Damage. For those of you who aren't familiar, this is what these 3 cards do:
Commander Merrejk: When at scomplink, once during deploy phase may deploy one battleground system from reserve deck.

We're In Attack Position Now:
Each pilot deploys -1 (-2 if an admiral) aboard a capital ship. Each capital ship with a pilot character is immune to attrition lees than 4 (or adds 2 to immunity if starship already has immunity). During each of your control phases, opponent loses 1 force for each battleground site your general or commander controls that is related to a system you occupy.

Something Special Planned For Them:
Deploy on Table. For opponent to move a starship from same location as your star destroyer requires +2 force. Also, when opponent has just retrieved force using an interrupt or utinni effect card, that card is placed out of play. (immune to alter).

I set up my drains at other systems with no intention of flipping the objective. My starships recieve great benefits from the admiral's orders. I usually start with Something Special.., IAO, and then whatever I feel will be best used depending on what my opponent is using. Pretty straight-forward big blue deck.

NOTE: I AM NOT TRYING TO FLIP THE DAMN OBJECTIVE. I DO NOT NEED BIKERS OR WALKERS OR MORE ENDOR SITES :)

Aquaris will not hurt my dreadnaughts too bad. I will just move in with my Star Destroyers and take it over. But I do appreciate the concern. If I did drop the dreadnaughts what would I use instead that has that nice of destiny?

Vs. MWYHL
 I haven't had a problem vs. this deck. Even w/o the rumors I get nice drains but I think maybe 2 more systems will be in order.

vs. Super Falcon
My ships all have enough forfeit to handle 1 attack from the Falcon. next turn I will punish them with a severe counter attack and a Lateral Damage. I think I'll be able to work it out....

Edits:
CHYBC is now another Lat. Damage.
Tyrant is now Chimaera (just got it)
D* is now Mon Calamari (the 1 less icon but 1 more drain is worth it)
1 Grand Moff Tarkin for Captain Godherdt (cancels landing claw at same system)
1 Dreadnaught-Class Cruiser for Dengar in Punishing 1
Officer Evax is now Admiral Chiraneu (sp?)
1 DSSD is now an Accuser	