---
layout: post
author: ! Scott "Maverick" Shepherd
title: ! "Raltiir Ops   the Forgotten Objective"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-10
description: ! "Your basic run of the mill Raltiir Ops deck updated with some of the newer combat cards and cards to offset the inherent weakness of the objective.( i.e. low force generation)"
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective(1)
Raltiir Ops

Locations(9)
Raltiir
Spaceport Docking Bay
Forest
Swamp
Jungle
Desert
Yavin 4 Docking Bay
Dagobah Cave
Coruscant Imperial Square

Characters(16)
Darth Vader x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
AT-ST Pilot x3
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Lt. Cabbel
Lt. Arnet
Lt. Watts
Major Marquand
Officer Evax
Lt. Com. Arden
Navy Trooper Fenson

Starships(5)
Fett/Slave 1
Zuckass/Mist Hunter
Dreadnaught x3

Vehicles(9)
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout x2

Creatures(1)
Bubo

Interrupts(10)
Torture
Shocking Revelation
Twi-Lek Advisor
Alter
Sense x3
Imperial Supply x3

Effects(9)
Imperial Arrest Order
Security Precautions
Come Here Ya' Big Coward
Secret Plans
First Strike
Organas Ceremonial Necklace
Bad Feeling Have I
Reactor Terminal
Presence o' the Force '

Strategy: '

The beauty of Raltiir Ops is its versitility...the ability to pull any card from your deck depending on the situation is invaluable.  This results in the deck being able to adjust to just about anything the light side does.

   However the flipside of this is that you have to play the deck well too have a chance because in order to have the cards in your deck to react to whatever you are playing against, you are not as specialized as a lot of the other decks around.  So in the end it is the smart player that should do well with this deck, or decks like it.

   This deck does not really rely on drains, but rather taking the fight to the opponent, whether he comes to you or you go to him...it really doesn't matter so long as the objective is flipped.  The start is pretty basic, going for the flip as fast as possible.   I start with I.A.O. to get the Spaceport Docking Bay aswell as another site with the objective...this helps to counteract the low activation at the start.  Turn 2 can be spent getting another Raltiir Site and the Yavin Docking Bay for more force and the ability to get the Necklace once you've flipped your objective.

   Deploy to Raltiir and flip as soon as its safe, that is you are not afraid of getting jumped....make sure to get as many of your pilots into chicken walkers as possible to avoid the ever present EPPs.  Next comes the tricky part, try to get the necklace if you want to bring the fight to you or you feel you have the advantage and want to press, or take a more defensive stand on Raltiir and find whatever card needed to help you win.	And remember ....KEEP YOUR OBJECTIVE FLIPPED  Do whatever it takes....the deck is based on getting the bonus to destiny and being able to react by deploying or grabbing a card a turn from your reserve deck.

   Thats pretty much it, I won't go into how to beat each objective because the cards to help you are in the deck and once you flip, simply grab them.  One thing I will finish with is a trick I like to use to grab the necklace in 1 turn.	Get a Walker without a permenant pilot at the Spaceport DB and another walker to the Yavin DB.	Docking transit the walker from Raltiir(with the Imperial targeted) pick up the necklace, switch to the other walker Transit on it home to Raltiir leaving the empty and non-combattable walker at Yavin to have a pilot deployed to it later and brought home to reinforce....GOOD LUCK



'