---
layout: post
author: ! Daniel "Shadow865" Blackford
title: ! "Emerald Fusion (Revised v 1 5)"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-01-27
description: ! "Mega counters and good Meta-ing for an awesome beatdown or sit and wait deck."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations(6)
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace Entrance Cavern
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Tatooine Mos Eisley

Characters(21)
Artoo
Boussh x2
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Han Solo
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol x2
Harc Seff
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Luke With Lightsaber x2
Master Luke
Momaw Nadon
Obi-Wan Kenobi x2
Ben Kenobi
Orrimaarko
Rennek
Tawss Khaa
Wedge Antilles
Wioslea

Starships(4)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Lando In Millennium Falcon
Red Leader In Red 1
Tantive IV

Interrupts(17)
Don't Forget The Droids
Don't Get Cocky
Gift Of The Mentor
Glancing Blow
I Know
Nabrun Leids x2
Quite A Mercenary
Sorry About The Mess x2
Strangle
The Force Is Strong With This One
The Signal x3
Transmission Terminated

Effects(9)
A Gift
Aim High
Bacta Tank
Bo Shuda
Wise Advice
Draw Their Fire
Mantellian Savrip
Mechanical Failure
Order To Engage
Traffic Control

Weapons/Devices(2)
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber
Landing Claw

Objective(1)
You Can Either Profit By This... / Or Be Destroyed
'

Strategy: '

*Revised* Your now starting Wise Advice to counter everyone's SAC demands. Ben Kenobi is in for extra staying power and dueling, and nothing extremely vital was lost in the process. The locations are ok because generally you'll toss out Bo Shuda and an alien (OrderToEngage) to free Han and then you can call it deck by deck. In the case of the guy saying TDIGWATT would give it problems...the Occupation works anywhere. So If I invade CC with my mains and smack you up (Also a gift hurts it badly because your seeing all the new EJPs) your going to be taking direct damage every turn and then force yourself to battle my mains (Order once again) this deck is prepped for everything...dont believe me? E-Mail or IM me and Ill prove it. Full strat below. This better drag in some 5's =)


This deck...is 'Tech' though I try to use the term sparingly. With EJP out LS seems to have a variety of problems, dueling, BHers, Space Domination, and overall lack of characters to combat the swarms of powerful dark side strategies. This deck has insane counters to almost EVERYTHING, *AND* can cause massive, direct force loss too. Heres a brief run-down to describe the few subtelties, how to play the deck, and specific counters to archtypes.

1) You start JP and AC, converting the DS's AC for aliens making it easier to cancel S&V or simply providing you with a substantial force jump.

2) Obviously your trying to free Han here, but you may want to wait a few turns, setting up your hand with Signals,Traffic Controls, and overall espionage on the opponents deck so you are better informed AS WELL as have something to retrieve. Watch them carefully in the early game. If you control the site then Han is freed...of course they're gonna pile aliens in right? Bo Shuda+ Order to Engage= Leave, or lose 3 force a turn. That is psycho and you'll find yourself with freshly retrieved force and an exploding sailbarge promptly.

3) Spread/Search and Destroy- If you think that your combined loss of around 8 a turn cant thwart them then attack, they lose 1 for each BG, not Tatooine battleground, plus if your attacking them
then it tends to draw their attention off your situation and focus tightly on ridding themselves of your presence. Bacta Tank and a Gift will help immensely.

Alright, thats a basic rundown, heres the little things that make this deck work against other thingies.

HDADTJ- Mara and possibly Evazan will drop early but you can easily get them out with Master Luke or Bo Shuda/Order to Engage. You will want to play this safe if they're dueling, careful to track what your losing and knowing what you have left. Destiny is fairly high with over 20 4's-7's.
Non-duealing shouldnt present a problem as they'll pretty much have to come to you and the mains staying power is so good. Generally these decks use Ability-4 aliens so A Gift will hurt them. In any event, you have 3 visage cancellers so your set well in that area.

Court of the Vile Gangster- You should kick the crap out of this, they really shouldn't get too much because your mains are a lot stronger w/ immunity AND A Gift. Aim High is a killer if they can keep S&V alive. Rennek teaches the rancor a lesson and Strangle is trackable and will get your guys out of 4-Lom's and Iggy's hands which is a BEAUTIFUL thing, speaking from experience. Use Bo Shuda sparingly, Order to Engage will hurt. Be careful of Elising swarms so draw quickly for the Quite a Merc as they shouldnt be expecting it.

Big Blue- Occupation text destroys them no questions asked. They cant pump enough stuff out quick enough to cover it all, Order to Engage them, clip Lando on a drain (you can detach/re-attach every turn for another occupation damage if its a BG) Save the Mechanical Failure for big beatdown.

ISB- Occupation cripples it and Order to Engage hurts bad as Ive only seen the DB variant lately. Follow them around with your big-guns and lay the smack down when they expose a weakness.

Those are the biggies that really need countering, and under careful consideration/analyzation you'll see I have SUPERB counters to all of them. Im trying to work in Reb Barriers and Smoke Screens so rate high and let me know what to switch. Oh...Wioslea is great for undercover droids (probes/U-3PO) or getting 4-LOM. That is psycho. I hope you enjoyed the detailed strat and please rate with consideration. I'm tired of newbie jackoffs screwing up everyones deck reviews just because they cant win with it.	'