---
layout: post
author: ! TJ "Techmaster" Holman
title: ! "E B ghettO"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-11
description: ! 'Heres my @#$% belonking ghetto g’d up ebo deck that was tha talk of the muthafucin town at dcon.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations(8)
Hoth War Room
Hoth Corridor
Hoth Docking Bay
Hoth 1st Marker
Hoth 4th Marker
Kiffexx
Dagobah
Dagobah Yodas Hut

Characters(14)
2x Jedi Luke
2x Obi Wan Kenobi
Boussh
3x Ishi Tib
Arcona
Yoxgit
Admiral Ackbar
Major Hasshn
Big @#$% Wedge
Bonner Biggs

Ships(3)
Independece
Home One
Lando In Falcon

Weapons(3)
Obis Saber
Lukes Saber
Landing Claw

Effects(9)
Echo Base Operations
A New Secret Base
2x Projection Of A Skywalker
Order To Engage
Launching The Assault
Your Insight Brings You To Hell
Battle Plan
Honor Of The Jedi

Interrupts(23)
3x Sense
2x Alter
2x Control
2x The Signal
It Could Be Worse
2x Rebel Barrier
5x Wind Chimes
Hyper Escape
Balanced Attack
Clash Of Sabers
Transmission Terminated
Houjix
Effective Repairs '

Strategy: '

Heres the deck that whips its giant cox out over ralltir like a cloud and nuts on the planet.

First turn get your war room and random hoth site, draw up. Only put the following cards at hoth sites to set up ebo and only the following-
Ishi Tib
Arcona
Yoxgit
Nothing else. If you dont have 3 of those or any combination of them thru your chimes then on second turn pull dagobah and yodas hut and more then likely draw up and get out your ebo.

Arcon goes to the docking bay then moves to the 1st marker and its easier to prevent decree (which was up against me on two days for maybe at max 1 turn). If you have chimes get tibs over the arcona, tib is like latin for god over all or something i think.

search and destroy is @#$%. if that hits the table drop obi or luke and alter it, if a sac war ensues win it but if you lose that then stick at the 4th marker. If you cancel the s+d move the main into the 1st marker, i dunno y but most players go after them then.

Okay so by this point ebo is up and s+d is taken care of, the decks foundation.

Start playing your game of keep away. put down projections and boushh and hunt for ships. dont go to space unless you have any of these
barrier
houjix
hyper escape
alter (and some sac to back it)
hashn + ackbar
wedge+ bonner biggs

lateral damage fs you hard so f em back. hyper escape + ;order to engage = much anal insertion into dark side.	rebel barrier + order to engage is the same result.

by hiding and draining for 5 at kiffex the win should be easy.
some hints-
80% of the time you want your obi and luke on hoth cause mains under the shiled wrecks. put boussh and prjoection out vs. opponent, not xpensive mains.

home one is big, real big, and generally about 17 power.

if they are whipping your @#$% in space drop boussh to home one war room for +3 power.

clash is god card never lose it. YOull eventually play it and no one sees it coming.

court is gay. you will lose if rancor eats a guy, drain race vs. court, dont go there and dont give em boush like a retarded quahog.

dont forget power +3 from ebo.

if decree is a problem for you then your a turd.  between landing claw, arcona and big bad mains decree will never hurt.

ISHI TIB is the mighty ruler of the world and a tracking machine.  with them you can track your sac, hyper escape, barrier, it could be worse, 5 destiny chimes or anything else every turn and draw it.  use tib mid game to track kiffex for retrival.

thats all i have to say about that.
I went 3-1 both days of worlds with it, only loses were to raphael day two cause i fucin waste all my alters in a sac war and he drops lateral damage and im holding senses and a control like a farkin idiot.
my other loss was to jim lis court deck cause obi is a moron and likes to draw 1 destinies, twice.

the deck is the king peeler and will win if you arent a waste sperm.

post script art rhodes went 2-0 with this in the team tourney two cause hes my nigga.

TJ Holman '