---
layout: post
author: ! Steven "brentson" Brentson
title: ! 'The Whiter Shadow'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-16
description: ! 'Its a sequel.  Go with it.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective(1)
Profit...

Locations(7)
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Tatooine Cantina
Spaceport Docking Bay
Home One Docking Bay

Characters(24)
Harc Seff
Ben Kenobi (x3)
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol (x2)
Leia With Blaster Rifl (x2)
Orrimaarko
General Crix Madine
Major Haash’n
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
General Solo
Tycho Celchu
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadrion Leader
Biggs Darklighter
Yoxgit
Lieutenant Blount
General Calrissian
Master Luke (x2)
Nien Nunb
Colonel Cracken

Starships(4)
Independance
Home One
Red Sqadron 1
Gold Squadron 1

Weapons/Devices(3)
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber
Anakin’s Lightsaber
Landing Claw

Red Stuff (21)
Undercover
Projection Of A Skywalker (x2)
Staging Areas
Strike Planning
Order To Engage
Insurrection
Do, Or Do Not
Sorry About The Mess
Control (x3)
Tunnel Vision (x2)
Gift Of The Mentor
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Rebel Barrier
The Signal
Clash Of Sabers
Narrow Escape
Someone Who Loves You '

Strategy: '

This is the upgrade to The White Shadow.  Rather than reexplain the core of the deck , I’ll describe the changes and their most efficient uses.  Included will be some pointed rebuttals.

Most notable missing card Honor Of The Jedi.  This is in anticipation of the impending uslessness of this card.  It’s a crutch that was never essential.  Two decks that were hurt the most from it Hunt Down and Occupation.  The White Shadow has pleanty of spies to cancel Visage Of The Emporer and pleanty of beat down to deal with the broadest occupation.

Included are more docking bays.  Removed are some 2/0 and Tatooine locations.  Profit will never really occupy more than a handful (2 or 3) Tatooine locations firmly.	Too many are a weakness.  The extra force generation comes from your docking bays and your opponents.  Consider that the majority of dark decks will give you docking bays to generate force with.

Included is an Undercover and a Landing Claw.  These just fit firmly in this deck.  Two spies can be pulled on command with General Crix Madine.  Landing Claw recycles from the lost pile with Yoxgit.  Many dark decks play heavy star destroyer space with added drains.  I’ll spend three a turn to cancel a 3 or 4 drain system in space (this assumes Yoxgit is out and they cancel the Claw each of their move phases).  Even if there is no space to contend with, I’ll retreive one each turn that can be lost (from hand) to be retreived the next.

General rebuttal for those who beleive this deck to be an unorigonal conscript of all other Profit decks your momma

If this deck is so unorigonal, why do you insist on listing every card that *everyone* knows should be in a good Profit deck?  Aren’t the two mutually exclusive?  Either the deck is not origonal and contains all those cards you insist on contributing to my deck, or the deck _is_ origonal and it’s no coincidence that they are _not_ in the deck.

Finally, thank you, Brian Hunter, for any constructive comments you have.  I respect the opinion of a rating grubbing fool who has _NEVER_ won a major sanctioned event.  Where were you when I played this deck to 3rd day of Worlds?	'