---
author: Christopher "Thrawn" Hanudel
title: Abyssin Hiding In The Palace
side: Dark
date: 2000-01-31
description: This deck uses Abyssins, No Bargain, Bad Feeling Have I, and None Shall Pass to make the rebels pay lots to deploy and the send them back into their hand.  It also can make huge beat downs.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective

Court Of The Vile Gangster/I Shall Enjoy Watching You Die

Characters(28)

Abyssin x19
Jabba x2
Myo x3
Galid x2
Ephant Mon
Chall Bekan

Sites(7)

Tatooine: Great Pit Of Carkoon
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Jabbas Palace
Jabbas Palace: Audience Chamber
Jabbas Palace: Rancor Pit
Jabbas Palace: Dungeon
Jabbas Palace: Droid Workshop

Effects(12)

Imperial Arrest Order
Presence Of The Force
Bad Feeling Have I
There Is No Try
Den Of Thieves x2
No Bargain
Well Guarded
Ability, Ability, Ability
Scum And Villainy
Come Here You Big Coward
Traffic Control

Interupts(12)

Twlik Advisor x4
Abyssin Ornament x2
None Shall Pass x6 

Strategy: 

It may not look like much, but it can do a number against mains and can deliver big beat downs.	Against most decks start Scum and Villiainy, in your hand you should get 1-2 abyssins.	On your first turn pull Jabba with AC game text and deploy what ever abyssin you had in your hand for free.  Then quickly draw up to get Myo and Galid.  Once you get Myo and Galid on the table you can begin to spread out.  With your Twlik Advisors also try to get out your effects as fast as possible.  With No Bargain and Bad Feeling Have I their mains deploy for +4.  Then if they do end up paying tons of force to deploy one of their mains just send the rebel back into their hand with None Shall Pass.  You can also use Den Of Thieves to cancel drains and IAO to prevent massive beat down.  Also whenever you battle you retrieve 2 force and at the end of the game play Abyssin Ornament to retrieve a ton.  Depending on where you live you might want better SAC protection or you might want better protection against grimtash.  Overall it is a pretty solid deck.
