---
layout: post
author: ! Keith "Gen" Watabayashi
title: ! 'Original Net Deck V.1.0'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-12
description: ! 'My own Agents in the Court Speeders deck.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective(1)
Agents in the Court/No Love for the Empire

Locations(8)
TatooineJabbas Palace (SL)
TatooineHutt Trade Route (SL)
TatooineDocking Bay 94
Cloud CityDowntown Plaza
TatooineJundland Wastes
Home OneDocking Bay
HothEcho Docking Bay
Jabbas PalaceEntrance Cavern

Characters(6)
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Treva Horme (REP)
Captain Han Solox2
EPP Leiax2

Effects(13)
Ounee Ta
Do, or Do Not (SE)
Yarna Dal Gargan (SE)
Insurrection (SE)
Staging Areas (SE)
Draw Their Fire
Frozen Assets
Mech. Failure
Sandwhirl
Maneuvering Flapsx2
Honor of the Jedi
Wise Advice

Vehicles(17)
Sandspeederx10
Snowspeederx7

Interrupts(13)
T-47 Battle Formationx3
Transmission Terminatedx3
The Signalx2
Punch Itx2
I Knowx2
Heading for the Medical Frigate (SI)

Starships(2)
Millenium Falconx2
'

Strategy: '

Counters to Previous reviews
Jabba’s Entrance cavern is already in the deck. (WTF)?
Blount and Cracken are good, but Trans. Term can’t be beatdown and it has higher destiny. (Besides, I just added honor which does help since I can occupy a battleground easily, they’ll have to occupy 3).
The guy who said a good player could beat this and that I was too @#$%y? WTF? I didn’t say this deck was a machine or unbeatable or something. What are you talking about? I said it is a strong and fun deck that can win. Don’t put words in my mouth.
The other guy who told me to start WA AND DODN, won’t work because then I can only start Insurrection or Staging Areas. I need both for speed.
The person who said I should use Geezum as my rep, Treva Horme is a machine with Draw Their Fire. (Good for getting rid of those extra Trans. Terms)

AGAINST

BHBM Just set up your generation, and as soon as Vader hits the table, give over Jedi Luke. (Why he’s in the deck). Don’t leave speeders in 1-2 pakagages so winning battles won’t be that easy for opponent.Set up Honor for S&D, and battle when Treva Horme or FA is out with DTF. Should be an interesting game.

HuntDown Same as BHBM, only make sure you Trans, Term. early.

This Deal Since they may be all interior, use the SuperFalc to take control of space (made easy with Punch it and I Know) so they can’t flip or set up Dark Deal easily. Meanwhile, drain on Tatooine with Battle Formations for the win.

Court Just beat the hell out of them wherever they go. Super Falc in space, speeders on ground. If they choose to ignore you, just use Battle Formations to drain. Should they be using Crossfire, go for drains and 1 or 2 BIG battles.

MKOS Harder than court, but same strategy.

ISB Just beats man, just beats. May not be that simple, but  that’s how you’re gonna win.

TIES Superfalcon with DTF/FA just eats Ties for Breakfast...once. This is a hard game where a drain race is key, and Super-Falc will have to hold off drains for the win. If these are big in your area, add in a Aim High for good measure.

Well, I think that’s it. So rate fair and smartly, please. '