---
layout: post
author: ! steve "stevie B" baroni
title: ! "Lucky Sevens"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-06-01
description: ! " A non duealing hunt down with a twist"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'HUnt Down
Executor Med Chamber
Executor Holotheatre
Endor Dark OFret
Hoth defense perimeter
Kashykk
dvdlots x5
gmt x2
Boba fett with blster
jodo kast
ig88 with riot gun
4lom with concussion rifle
brangus glee
djas puhr
bane malar
barquin dan
bossk in hounds tooth
zuckess in mist hunter
Dengar in Punishing one
Boba Fett in slave One
ig88 in ig2000
Vaders Saber x2
Maras saber
INtruder misssile x11
Twilek Advisor
Precense of the Force
Bad Feeling have I
Counter assault x4
Crush the rebelion
I have you know
Evader
Sniper
Security precautions
Elis Helrot x2
Reactor Terminal x2
VIsage of the emperor x3
'

Strategy: '

  Thi
s whole deck is based around the 14 sevens in it. The sevens i do use though serve as a double purpose so they arent uselees cards. The Visages can be used incase they cancell the one you start wiht and i find it highly unlikely that they will cancell three. IN case they spread out against you you cna elis helrot and get a big beatdown or just counter assault with the sevens. The most important thing you need to do is get a reactor termianl out so you cna start traking for either a big beatdown or a big counter assault. IF you cant get a reactor terminal or are having some trouble in space you can use the Intruder missiles on some of the bounty hunter ships.

 Against epp beatdowns this deck has not a problem. Against a whole squad you can take out there biggest charachter or most important charachter by chocking them with one of the 14 sevens. Between the choke cancelling a destiny and swinning with vaders saber and sometime even maras saber too you can pretty much beatdown on a few charahcters.

 Against hidden base start with security precautions and just wait until they flip and then start probing with your bounty hunter ships. After you probe there system you dont really want to be up in space since you can loose battle damage since there are no probes. SO instead just drain for 3 at one site with vader his saber and tarkin and then pile up the rest of your charahcters on the other 2 drain site plus maras saber and you should be doing enugh damage from draining and counter assaulting there drains.
 Against toche start with Bad feeling have I and that should give you enough time to get down there with vader first and batle whenever you can becuase vader and his saber is so powerful becuase of choking with the 14 sevens

  Everyone I do know the intruder missile cannot be deployed on all of my ships only one but the real reson there there is for the seven destiny. All of you who rated this deck a three dont know what your talkoing about because at a tournament for a box of reflection this weekend it went 3-0 beating one of the worlds best players Steve Brentson who came in 6th at the worlds '