---
layout: post
author: ! Andy "Solo337" McClure
title: ! "TDIGWATT It/s all about the Mobilization Points, baby."
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-27
description: ! 'Dark side power at it's finest, using Mobilzation Points for the jump start on generation.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'
Locations (11)
CC West Gallery (Starting)
Executor Docking Bay
Coruscant Docking Bay
Bespin
Bespin Cloud City
Rendili
CC Port Town District
CC East Platform (Docking Bay)
CC Casino
CC Carbonite Chamber
CC Downtown Plaza

Characters (16)
Lord Vader x2
EPP Vader
ECC Iggy
Grand Moff Tarkin
Colonel Jendon
Admiral Ozzel
Commander Igar
Baron Soontir Fel
Jabba
Mara Jade, TEH
Officer Evax
EPP Fett
4-LOM with stunner
EJP Dengar
OS-72-10

Starships (10)
Onyx 1
Zuckess In Mist Hunter
The Emperor's Shield
Saber 1
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
The Emperor's Sword
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Chimaera
Obsidian 10

Vehicles (1)
Tempest 1

Interrupts (7)
Prepared Defences (starting)
Twi-Lek Advisor
I Have You Now
Masterful Move
Evader
You Are Beaten
Monnok

Effects (11)
Crush The Rebellion (Usual Starting)
Imperial Arrest Order (Starting)
Mobilization Points (Starting)
Secret Plans (Starting)
You Cannot Hide Forever
Battle Order
Search and Destroy
There Is No Try
Combat Response
Resistance
Dark Deal
CC Occupation

Weapons (2)
Vader's Saber
Mara's Saber

Admiral's Orders (1)
Fighter Cover

Objective (1)
TDIGWATT/PIDAIAF'

Strategy: '


Until the release of Death Star 2, I've deemed TDIGWATT too weak to win big tournaments, due to the fact that the characters, starships and vehicles are too expensive, and generation too small. Mobilaztion Points, Imperial Arrest Order and Prepared Defences fixes this problem perfectly.

This deck is so much faster than all previous versions, due to massive activation right off the bat. By the second turn you should be giving yourself 9 force without even drawing a location in your opening hand, and by the 4th turn, you're getting around 14 force. In case you don't know, here's how it works. First turn you get Rendili w/ Mobilazation Points, Bespin with your Objective, and a 1/0 docking bay with IAO. Throw a character down, and that docking bay becomes a 3/0 docking bay.

Everyone here probably knows how Dark Deal works, so I won't give you the details. In this deck, all you really need to draw for is 1 or maybe 2 sites to set it up, because you can get all the other stuff from reserve deck. Just make sure you don't deploy Cloud City until you are ready to deploy Dark Deal.

In this deck, you don't really even need Dark Deal. It fights very well on the ground as well as space, Dark Deal and CCOccupation are just an extra bonus.

ALWAYS START MOBILIZATION POINTS AND IMPERIAL ARREST ORDER. Your 3rd effect is up to you, but the default start is Crush the Rebellion. Know your opponent as well as possible, and start something else if you need to (like There Is No Try or You Cannot Hide Forever).

The rest is pretty self explanitory, but I will explain why I chose some of the less obvious cards
Fighter Cover For the most part, this is a defensive Admiral's Orders. If their AO is bothering you, you can send it to used pile. As a bonus, it makes Mara immune to attrition <6, and Lord Vader immune <8, and adds 1 to each of their weapon destiny draws.

Combat Response OS-72-10 in Obsidian 10, and Baron in Saber 1	just rock. If you put them both at Cloud City there is almost no LS ships that can mess with them. Add in Bossk In Hound's Tooth, and they might as well give up. Jendon is cool, too because he is a 6 forfeit 3 add pilot, and he gets a destiny in Onyx 1.

The Emperor's Sword and Shield These babies are TECH I may be wrong about this, but I think that when you control Cloud City with both these squadrons, your power is +6 in all battles on Cloud City If I am wrong about that D-mail me and let me know and drop them and add Devastator and something else.

Well I think that's it Thanks in advance for the review-

Andy McClure, Alabama State Champion


'