---
author: Eric "proxy man" Fletcher
title: 'Pile Of Tech'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-04
description: 'This deck is designed to beat the standard dark side decks, and any random stuff people have.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Locations (7)
Hoth: Main Power Generators
Hoth: North Ridge
Hoth: War Room
Hoth: Docking Bay
Dagobah
Dagobah: Yoda&&s Hut
Kiffex



Effects (14)
A New Secret Base
Wise Advice
Aim High
Your Insight Serves You Well
Battle Order
Draw Their Fire
Ounee Tay
Frozen Assets
What Are You Trying To Push On Us? x2
Undercover x4

Interrupts (17)
7x Sense
2x Alter
1x Heading For The Medical Frigate
4x The Signal
1x Choke
1x Yoda Stew (Also known as Traffic Control)
1x Clash Of Sabers

Starships (4)
Home 1
Millenium Falcon
Tantative IV
Spiral

Characters (18)

Spies (8)
Lt. Blout
Cracken
Jeron Webb
Momaw Naden
Bothan Spy
Lando With Axe x2
R2-D2

EPP (8)
Luke w/ x2
Obi w/ x2
Leia w/ x2
Han w/ x2

Alien (2)
Melas
Twaas Khaa


Strategy: 

Addendum Feb 2001

Against space decks, Han+Leia work wonders. Sense any All Power To Weapons. Don’t deploy Kiffex. EBO does give you some advantage, and you can have a pretty safe drain at the North Ridge all game.
Against the new objective, They must start with a character. If he fails to enter his spaceship, a beatdown will end the game real quick. It seems the best way to play this obj. is in space, so just drain him at his own Coruscaunt sites, and use your EBO advantage.
Against Guri, well, you are basically screwed. But you could cut something for a Dismantle On Sight. (Not sure what)

Also, Yoda Stew can be replaced with Yoda Stew & You Do Have Your Moments

Remember, even if your opponent starts anti-SAC, do it anyway. You are a beatdown deck, so function as one, and use SAC to ensure the win.

Your start and strategy will vary every game, but you have the tools to beat just about any Dark Side deck.
The most common vulnerabilities (and solutions) are:
They only drain at 2 sites: block with undercover spies
They drain in many places: Battle Order
They use retrival: Aim High/Grabber
They rely on a particular site (docking bay, holotheater, etc.): spy drops down to that site.
They use Ephant Mon to protect the site: Choke
They use Barriers to defend: Sense
They play generic sites: Ounee Tay
They like an effect too much: Alter
They are playing a bad deck: Mains

Now, to deal with the counter-strategies employed:
Bubo: R2 and Lando are immune, Momaw can move over during their move phase and snare him on your turn.
Sniper/Force Lightning/Trample: Sense it.
Anti-Sense stuff: Re-flip Hunt Down, you have too many Senses for enemy SAC to stop you. Anything else? Let me ask you a question. How many anti-spy cards do you have, 2? How many spies + Senses do I have, 11? Whos gonna win?
Barrier/None Shall Pass/YAB/Projective Telepathy: Sense. Grab. Thank you.
Gyyyk: Frozen/Draw (Sense the Alter)


Now that the tech is out of the way, heres how to play the deck.
Start MPG + NR. Your starting effects depends on the deck. As a default, start ANSB.
As you get out your sites, pull Kiffex last. This is your drain location, just drain there the entire game, and use Undercover Spies/Beatdown/Surgical Strikes to disrupt your opponent.
Sense+Grab+Weapons will ruin most decks.
Note: If you do not start Wise Advice, get it out VERY quickly. You need it. Conversely if you dont start ANSB. I really wish I could start both.

Heres the starts against, and weak spots of, the main decks:

BHBM
Start Wise Advice, Your Insight, Draw Their Fire.
Use Spies to beat on Empy. Use the -1 defense on Insight to hit Vader.
They will have only a couple sites, Undercover or Beatdown them.

Hunt Down
Start ANSB
Use a spy to cancel Vissage, fortify the site to prevent a reoccurrance.
Dont be afraid of Duels, just Sense them, or draw some tracked stuff (you do have sabers)
Also, they wont drain very widespread, so your Undercover tech should keep you alive.

Dark Deal
Start ANSB
Use Undercover Spies to block his drains, beatdown on weak groups, etc.

Ties
Start Wise Advice, Aim High, Battle Plan
Grab stuff, Spy in ship to Wee, Alter. Drain at the North Ridge.

SYCFA (Prodigy or either parent, or Ties)
Start Wise Advice, Aim High, Your Insight
Grab his retrival interrupts, Alter Scum, play against the Ties.
Sense will be a beating.

SYCFA (Flipping)
Extend your hand and resign. You will loose. Maybe.
If he flips, be ready to beatdown on his now no-longer-dammage-immune scrubs on the Death Star (you have spies for a reason)
Avoid space unless you can Alter the Lat. Dam. (Dont deploy Kiffex)

Ops
Start Wise Advice, Battle Plan, Ounee Tay.
Extend your hand for his concession. Ounee Tay is a huge beating. Battle plan stops crazy draining. (Dont deploy Kiffex)

Endor Biker Ops
Start ANSB
Sense Reacts, Interrupts, grab High Speed Tactics. Tough game. If he doesnt have alot of sites, Undercover folk can do wonders.

Court/MKOS
Start ANSB
Sense, grab, drop Ounee Tay to slow None Shall Pass (plus you have Aliens)
Dont try to go Undercover without multiple Sense backup (Hutt smooch, Sniper, etc.)
Slash Jabba and Alter Scum.

If I missed a deck, let me know.

One final thought. If you drop an Undercover Spy, your opponent might abandon that site as lost, and not reinforce. If so, show him the error of his ways with a resounding SMAK!

proxy man   