---
layout: post
author: ! Travis "Com Igar" Rumans
title: ! "From Endor I will Command"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-29
description: ! '	An Endor Operations deck that goes fora rapid flip and still maintains enough space toexploit the flip.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (6)
Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost
Endor
Endor Bunker
Endor Landing Platform
Twi'Lek Advisor
Perimeter Patrol (usually)

Locations (6)
Kessel
Kashyyyk
Kiffex
Endor Forest Clearing
Endor Dense Forest
Endor Dark Forest

Effects (8)
Establish Secret Base
Ominous Rumors
Security Precautions
Battle Order
Return to Base
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Expand the Empire

Interrupts (4, non-starting)
Endor Occupation
Heavy Fire Zone
Twi'lek Advisorx2

Ships (9)
Executor
Dreadnaught
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Death Squadron Star Destroyer
IG-88 in IG-2000
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Dengar in Punishing One
Bossk in Bus
Avenger

Weapons (2)
AT-ST Dual Cannonx2

Vehicles (9)
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 4
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6
Tempest Scoutx2
Tempest 1

Characters (16)
Comm Chief
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle
Sergeant Brarich
Ephant Mon
DS-61-2
Navy Trooper Fenson
Lieutenant Arnet
General Veers
R3-T6
Commander Igar
Grand Moff Tarkin
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith
Lieutenant Watts
Corporal Drelosyn
Mara Jade
'

Strategy: '

	With eight AT-STs and two Biker scouts, getting
the flip set up shouldn't be too much of a problem. Stick one of the
scouts at the Bunker to control an extra site. Both the scouts here
are the ones that can add power to more than just bikes; Drelosyn adds it
to the AT-STs and Barich adds to anything.
	Perimeter Patrol will keep most people from even deploying to Endor.
Set up Fenson and Ephant Mon at the Bunker to keep it safe. Get down
Ominous Rulers early, especially if there's a system on table.
	Once you've flipped, use any spare AT-STs you pull for beatdown.
It won't be as powerful as a RallOps styl beatdown, but restricting
your opponent to one destiny draw hurts a lot of Mains strategies.
Besides, the point of this attack is less to cause battle damage but to
distract them from fighting your huge drains in space. If you have the force,
you can afford to spread across your opponents territory to stop them from
draining and react them all to where your opponent initiates the battle.
Your opponent should have to work to get sites to drain at while you sit
back with Perimeter Patrol for yours.
	Imperial Decree is an important card for winning the drain race, as
is Battle Order. This is especially true if they stay inside. Of course,
you can still hurt them some--Vader/Tarkin with this objective is killer.
	You'll notice there's not much SAC protection, but that's because there
aren't many interrupts and only two of the effects aren't immune (Expand and Return).
These effects are going to be needed against decks that don't typically use SAC.
	The destiny of this deck is mediocre, but since your opponent is only going to
get one and there's a few ways for you to get multiple, don't worry about it.
	Now to specific deck types

Training
	Endor is Hyperspeed 8. Once you get out Mara or Vader, go smack the muppet.

Hidden Base
	Waning in popularity. You may want to start Security Precautions,
but with the rise of non-flip HB decks Perimeter Patrol is probably still safer.
	A flipping HB deck is a perfect matchup for this deck. Once hey flip, you can
spread and drain without fear of battle damage. here's enough capital ships and ships
with immunity that you can hold a few key systems (put the Astromech on an important
capital ship like the Bus to give it immunity). Use Return to Base to cycle the ships
they do kill, especially the relatively cheap ones with good abilities, like Zuckuss,
Dengar, and Iggy. After they fli[, the Drains on Endorbecome important because they can't be
canceled. Judicious use of your space forces will win the drain race.
	Against OMDH super retrieval, Decree kills what drains they have and the massive drain potential
of Ominous Rumors with the systems HB was kind enough to provide mean that you'll still hurt them,
even if they are retrieving lots. If this is the hot item, though, drop a cannon for a Secret Plans.

Profit
	Your only alien is Mara. Unless you're absolutely sure your opponent is playing a cheez profit deck,
don't deploy her. Lots of LS players end up deploying to rescue Han before they could take advantage of the
retrieval. Many wait until you've actually drained them to set this up. If you don't drain them early on, you
can often get extra time. You should be well on your way to flipping by the time they flip, and have at least one
good system drain.
	This is going to be a big drain race. You have a few aces in the hole, though. Most Profit decks will use some
exterior Tatooine sites, allowing you to attack with your walkers, and if your objective is flipped, teamwork cards
won't be as much of a threat. Imperial Decree cancels their drain bonuses, but not the mains occupation. With Han
on the ground (kill him with a cannon if you can), the Super Falcon is unlikely to put in an appearance, and you'll
win from your huge drains in space.Perimeter patrol protects your drains from mains attacks, and Ephant Mon keeps spies
out of the bunker.
	The trick to beating profit is to make them work for their drains while yours are easy to set up. Decree and likely
Battle Order are Important Cards.

Operatives
	Get out Decree and Order. Flip. Win the Drain Race.

Mains and Toys
	A Throne Room deck that revolves the bunker on the first turn makes for a difficult (but winnable) game. Fight them in the
forests of Endor, and try to get at least one or two Ominous drains set up. Revo is not popular in my area.
	Revoless, spyless mains pose no real threat to this deck. Perimeter patrol hurts them for deploying, and the flipped objective
kills multi-destiny madness.

Ewoks
	I'll adress this strategy because they're also on Endor. Make sure your opponent takes the hurt
from Perimeter Patrol whenever they deploy a rebel (Read Main) to somewhere besides the Landing Site.
Ideally, you want to get an AT-ST cannon going with a lot of spare force to wipe out a lot of Ewoks.
	Ewok decks don't pack much space, so if you can get a few good space drains set up it would really hurt
them.  '