---
layout: post
author: ! Robert "Sparky" Parker
title: ! "EBO  the final version (v 3)"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-13
description: ! "After playing with A-Wing and B-Wing versions of EBO, I have reverted to my favorite, and most successful version using the defecting corporation."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting 4
Hoth MPG
Hoth North Ridge
The Signal
ANSB

Locations 9
Hoth Echo Command Center
Hoth Echo Corridor
Echo Docking Bay
Spaceport Docking Bay
Kiffex
Chandrila
Aquaris
Hoth
Mon Calamari

Characters 10
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Comm. Wedge Antilles
Zev Senesca
Hobbie
Figrin D'an

Starships 18
Home One
Defiance
Independence
Liberty
Tantive IV
Spiral
Masanya
Nebulon-B Frigate
Red Leader In Red 1
X-Wing x9

Effects 6
EBO
Echo Base Garrison
Haven
Reflection
Incom Corporation
Yarna d'al' Gargan

Interrupts 10
Control x4
The Signal x2
Organized Attack x2
All Wings Report In
Noble Sacrifice

Weapons 2
X-Wing Laser Cannons x3
'

Strategy: '

Sorry...

   ******Put in The Signal instead of a Control, Traffic Control instead of a laser cannon, and Shasa Tiel in for Aquaris******

This deck gets out EBO by the third turn and then drains like mad  I use EBG to get out the pilots and occupy the 3 sites.  Control stops some bad drains, but pick and choose your spot to play them in.  Yarna is key as she provides protection for the x-wings.  The EPP's(ECC's) are suicide mains that are used for breaking up ground forces at their weakest point.	The point of the deck, though, is of course space.  The Cruisers are your flagships while your smaller capitals provide support.  The x-wings hit wherever and whenever they can.  You may be wondering why I have three signals really only five effects?  The reason is, Incom Corporation is cruical to this deck.  Without it you have to mass your x-wings to provide a suitable force. (4 at minimum for the all important battle destiny)  With Incom corp. your x-wings can operate independently.
2 force=2 x-wings, power 11, forfeit 8, and ability "4"  So really for 2 force you'd get power 14 or so, forfeit 8 and 3 attrition.	Pretty good for 1 planet's worth of activation  Organized attack just makes things worse for the opponent, and if Dengar in his toy comes to play, blow him out of space with your laser cannons  This deck can be awesome when it gets working...

...But you have to watch for decree.

Please return comments and suggestions to me, and,  MAY THE FORCE BE WITH YOU	    '