---
author: Fabien "Red 71" Jacques
title: 'You WILL have some problems with those Dagobah - speeders v 1.2'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-06-16
description: 'I builded a deck with 4 goals fast, defensive, immunized, surprising.Especially to kill ralops, too popular in my area.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Obj (1)
Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can

Green (3)
X-wing Laser Cannon
A Jedi's Strength
Great Warrior

Locations (7)
Dagobah
Dagobah: Jungle
Dagobah: Swamp
Dagobah: Training Area
Dagobah: Yoda's Hut
Jabba's Palace: Entrance Cavern
Tatooine: Jundland Wastes

Characters (18)
Ben Kenobi
Biggs Darklighter
Chewbacca
Commander Wedge Antilles
Daughter Of Skywalker
Derek 'Hobbie' Klivian
Figrin D'an
H'nemthe
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol x2
Harc Seff
Jeroen Webb
Luke Skywalker x2
Melas
Romas 'Lock' Navander
Yoda
Zev Senesca

Blue One (6)
Rogue 1
Rogue 2 x2
Rogue 3 x2
Rogue 4

Blue Two (4)
Artoo-Deetoo In Red 5 x2
Millennium Falcon x2

Interrupts (12)
Darklighter Spin
Don't Underestimate Our Chances
Levitation
Lone Rogue
On The Edge x2
Out Of Nowhere
Punch It!
The Signal x3
Tunnel Vision

Effects (9)
Bacta Tank
Beggar
Draw Their Fire
Echo Base Garrison
Insurrection
Legendary Starfighter
Order To Engage
Undercover
Wise Advice

Strategy: 

MY REGIONAL IS IN 1 WEEK (june 24th), THIS DECK IS ON VERSION 1.2.
I ALREADY TESTED IT WITH FRIENDS, SO READ THE STRATEGY BEFORE RATING ME AND PLEASE GIVE YOUR IDEAS (not thos only stupid comments) TO IMPROVE IT FOR REGIONAL.

General strategy.
Dafault start is Wise Advice. If you need to be especially fast (ex. ralops) then start Echo Base Garrison.

Start training Daughter with Yoda, search Dagobah sites. These bonus will give you an excellent activation. Jedi Test 1 & 2 on Daughter.
Use Signals a.s.a.p to get out key effects (or if canceled to the used pile).
Take Bacta tank and when you draw a rogue (helped by tunnel vision), take the matching pilot. With Yoda, it makes a virtual immunity < 8 !!!
Pull Insurrection and come to fight him with these powerful speeders. H'nemthe, Harc Seff, Han+Luke, rebel pilots, all are powerful ! Add one destiny with Lone rogue.
Protect your bacta with Levitation (a 6 you can track).
Retrieve with On the Edge (track your 6, 7). Use draw their Fire, to immediately retrive On The Edge just after retrieving.
Use Tatooine sites to drain him if needed and deploy Ben, Beggar to prevent him for reacting using his accumulated forces.

In space, use Falcon + Red 5/laser cannon and interrupts. Use the triple card wisely with destiny adders. Also, Darklighter on Red 5 spin will give you a 8 !!!
Deploy Legendary Starfighter to make him loose 2 force per turn.
Jedi test 2 + Order to Engage will definitively kill him.

Against Deck.
Inserts, manipulators, biker decks: No that decks in my area ! I can search my key pilots with Echo Base Garrison. Yes, I know High Speed Tactics with bike will easily kill my rogues, but who plays that vehicle tallon roll here ? Nobody.

Hunt & Destroy: Hmmh, a difficult game. Put Luke (or Obi) inside a Rogue, so he's immune to duelling and control the game. Let his Visage hurt him and use On the Edge to win.
If he deploys an huge power on a 2/2 site, deploy Jeroen and undercover.
Drain on other sites with one rogue each, keep Llone rogue.

Ralops: Aaaah, fun game. Start Echo Base Garrison. Deploy fast with a speeder and prevent him for flipping. Use all your cards to battle and kill him.

Others decks : Make test, and battle/drain. Adjust your strategy to come on the ground or to keep power for space. J Tests, Rogue + pilots + bacta or Falcon + Artoo/red 5 + interrupts will do the rest. 