---
layout: post
author: ! Justin "H2O" Desai
title: ! "H2O’s EBO room"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-18
description: ! "Inspired by Kyle Craft’s World’s TRM deck."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start(4)
1st marker
4th marker
sighnal
ANSB

locations(8)
r ponit
yoda’s hut
ech war room
echo db
chirpa’s hutt
home one war room
Y4 Ruins
y4 headquarters
y4 what ever the name of the other twix is

Characters(20)
D2 wedge
2x bad @#$% luke
2x epp han
tycho
blount
3x epp obi
CHS
2x epp leia
twass
melas
orimarko
2x lesbien lando(JPSD)
epp luke
Herc Seff

Ships(4)
2x falcon
Artoo in Red 5
red sqd 1

Weapons(1)
anikan’s

interupts(18)
7x sense
alter
2x courage
2x gblow
2x i know
3x out of commision
The signal

Effects(5)
Goo Nee Tay
Order to engage
Revo
Savrip,(seven senses, masterful move will never come off)
Staging areas(a 4 destiny twix)



'

Strategy: '

<Deck Update--Take out a Twix and a signal for a clash and kessel.>
Props to Kyle Craft for basically making the deck, Props to me for creating a version of it that isn’t dead after JPSD>
So when Craft went on a tear at worlds and defeated many a player with his TRm deck he told everyone that the deck was dead after JPSD came out(no escape).
So the along came Neo TRM amins which is a deck taht just asked to smacked and is one of the most overated deck sin history.  So it got me to thinking, what is the best platform for Mains?
Dagobah?  No, I don’t like giving off force--Plus I want To play SA
Neo--See above, it’s ass.
Agents has potential but gives off too much force.
QMC...ummmm....no.
So I thought how about EBO, lets look at the similatries/advantages of using EBO as a mains platform
1) you don’t get to go 1st--Ok this sux, but This version has enough activation to get around it.
2) you only give off 1 force, you can pull 3 activation from RD(5 if ypu happen to draw staging areas) and You might get them to waste one of their starting effects on a useless decree.
3) They think It’s EBO so they most likely will try to set up land drains early(ie with 1-2 cgaracters), alot of time swith this deck you’ll samcka lone mara or emperor for 10-15 by the 4-5 turn.
4) and the biggest reason, in the old days, TRm would ammass a large hand and a large force pile and wait to beat down.  Sinc eit didn’t deploy any characters until it beatdown, it was vulnerable to a lost onnok getting all of it’s sac.	But with this deck you can drop a mofo(blount,tycho, melas) to an ech/shileded sight, and when they lost monnok you just play all your senses. they’ll prolly fail but they get out of your hand and you won’t lose any cards to monnok.

Ok so it’s mains and Toys.  It smacks down the opponent and fears nothing.  Here are the matchups

VS Huntdown Drop down your Jedis in fron of vader and battle.	OOC will help.	With relatively high destinies and your insane duel protection you will not lose any duels.
You will be able to out battle any huntdown deck.  If they come in space just smack em with the super falcon(you will be able to becaus etheir objective will be on the "0" side and leia can intiate.)
If visage is trouble just drop spies to cancel it.

BHBM  Play Luke selectively, use obi and your other characters to beat up their dudes.  Almost the same as Huntdown but just watch out where you put Luke.  Remember if they drop the emp first turn to a BG docking bay, bring out Epp luke to chop him.

Aliens  Almost and auto win, sense their barriers and none shall pases to beat up on a lone jabba or mara.
If they play TINT just sense any way and lose the force, once your mains are down they won’t be able to do jack.

Ties
Load up your ships with mains and let attrition do ot’s work.  Sense their APTW.  savrip will be big.

Numbers
Kill the emp and Tech and watch as they cry when they lose to their own inserts.

Endor Big Blue
Kinda the same as ties.  Just let savrip be a beats and wipe out their ships.

Thats about all I can think off, remeber, this deck is all about the smack.  I think it’s the best mains deck out there rght now.	feel free to rate it.--H2O '