---
layout: post
author: ! Matt "Old Skooler" Lush
title: ! "Matt/s You Ain/t Activating Jack Deck"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-03-24
description: ! '   Using the classic Throne Room Jump, and an ridiculous number of Revolutions, this Choke Deck can take down pretty much anything.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (9)

Yavin Throne Room
Farm
Swamp
Hoth Echo War Room
Rendevous Point
Yoda's Hut
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Jabba's Palace Entrance Cavern
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber

Characters (12)
Ben Kenobi x2
Obi-Wan K. x2
Master Luke x2
EPP Luke
Daughter of Skywalker x2
EPP Han x2
Chewbacca

Starships (2)
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1

Interrupts (20)
Sense x5
Alter x3
Nabrun Leids x3
Clash of Sabers x2
Smokescreen x2
Glancing Blow
Courage of a Skywalker
The Signal x2
Careful Planning

Effects (11)
Revolution x7 (yes, 7)
WYTTPOU
Traffic Control
Mantellian Savrip
Order To Engage

Weapons (4)
Obi's Lightsaber x2
Anakin's Lightsaber x2

Creatures (2)
Nudj x2

'

Strategy: '

	O.K. If you plan on reviewing this deck, please do me the favor of reading the ENTIRE strategy. Whatever you may be thinking will be covered. If not, then point it out to me. I've added a lot of stuff at the bottom. Thank you.
   This deck also has the added bonus of a tourney report to go with it, as I went to Austin to see how this would do. Check out 3/25/00 Test of the Revo. As to how it did, it went undefeated. 2 out of the 3 games it played had Crush the Rebellion started against it, an ISB which got beat by 27 and a Dueling Hunt Down by 7. (Hey, had to be cautious...) The other game was an ISB that started with IAO. I won that one by 34. I abused the hell out of all 3 Nabruns in the tourney as well, as teleporting all over the place when my opponent least expected it helped immensely. I refuse to take out the third.
   This deck abuses one of the most powerful cards in the game Revolution. Simple fact if you can't activate, you can't do anything. The three drain sites are all 1/1, with a +1 drain, minimizing the force you give your opponent and enhancing the drain. The way to play this deck is simple Revo every single location they put out, if possible. 1/0, 1/2, spin it. Obviously 2/2's are pointless, but if it'll take icons from them, spin it, even if it's space. More than likely, they will provide the drain sites for you. The three in here are for the rare all-space DS deck. (Rare at least in this area...) O.K., so what about Crush The Rebellion? Simple. Get your WYTTPOU as soon as possible. Two Signals in there will let you get it fast, especially with the activation. They Evader, you grab. How many they gonna play with? Two? If that? You've got SEVEN Revos. It's not gonna matter. If you think they're holding back on the 2nd Evader, waiting til you've Revo'd everything before playing it, then just Revo enough to hurt them and help you. Just one or two 2/0 locations should be enough. Obviously, don't Revo. anything till you get a Grabber. Tweaks after the tournament Saturday included 1 more Signal, as I would of liked to have gotten one of my Grabbers quicker. (I had 2 Signals, 2 Grabbers) For space, the old RLR1 and GLG1 with Savrip out will be fine. They won't be activating enough to beat you down out there, and with the amount that you will be activating, tracking a 5 will be easy for Boba in Slave 1. As for Zuckuss, if you really want to get rid of him, throw a Luke up there with Gold Leader. Hey, he's still a pilot. 2 Hans and the Chewbacca to help whale on whoever the DS manages to squeeze out, and the 3 Nabruns will let you jump wherever you need to. Even with IAO, they are still effective with Order To Engage, if you're facing ISB. Hunt Down simply rolls over and dies against this, no matter the version. Clash only makes matters worse. Finally got Vader and Tarkin out? Unless Crush is out too, Tarkin's gonna pay for trying to hang with the Jedi, Dark or otherwise.
The key again to this is to literally Revo ANYTHING that will take away force from them. I took down a Court deck that got the Death Star WITH Security Precautions their first turn, simply because of the mega-generation I had. Your 3 2/0 sites are no-stress, as they can only drain for 1 at the Echo War Room. Why the 1/1 +1 drain sites, instead of Revo'ing a 2/0 site? One card Come Here You Big Coward. Allright what about the decks that let them get the generic sites?

-Ralops Obviously Revo Raltiir. Revo their Forest and leave Han+Chewie there. Knockout whatever they put down. Revo Swamp, Jungle, Forest, Desert as well if no better options present themselves. Starting Oppressive Enforcement with 3 Alters and Grabbing your Sense? Grab their Alter. You've got more Senses, and Order To Engage will kill them.

-Operatives Once again, Revo all key sites. If they are foolish enough to play without vehicles, Master Luke will bounch an Op. and Obi will move one. Get out Order To Engage, and wear them down.

-Hunt Down How many Evader's they gonna pack? This deck can handle even 3 Evaders, which would be extremely rare. Here's what to do if they start Crush Get a Grabber ASAP, then Revo. the Med. Chamber, ensuring you keep 3 force for the Grabber. You should have plenty of force. If they are really hurting for locations, just play the one and finish your turn. Odds are, they'll play the Evader. Grab it. Next turn, repeat. If they drew a location and put it out, you may have to Revo. the Holotheatre as well, however, I wouldn't do this until I have at least 1 other Revo. in hand. Once you've got both Revo'd, it's a good bet they'll play their 2nd and 99% of the time LAST Evader. Next turn, Revo. 'em both again. With 7 Revos, you get them VERY quick, and Signals help a lot.

-ISB First turn Revo. of Coruscant is devastating. Get drains set up quick, and wear them down before they can really start.

-Pure Space You can quickly get your three sites with your massive activtion. With Luke w/ Anakin's, Obi with his Stick, and Daughter at the third, you've got a drain of 8. How long they gonna last? Hold off the drains in space with RLR1/GLG1 and Savrip and those extra Obis, Bens, Lukes and Hans as Savrip bait.

-Court/Musicians Revo Dungeon first turn and get down to the Audience Chamber, and drain away. Don't forget to remind them of their mini-Visage, which will now be hurting them. They save up, get a few musicians/aliens there? Bounce w/ M. Luke, move the Ability 1 chump w/ Obi, Clash who you please and destroy the rest. Smokescreen for added insult.

-Decks that start Tatooine and Careful Planning for Jabba's Palace Revo. Tatooine. Start draining at the JP. Use your superior activation to quickly take out whatever they put down, and keep them from establishing any power.

Build this, tweak it for your Meta and your style(carefully now, don't touch those Revos, unless you want to add one), and choke your opponent like Vader did Ozzel.

Response to Reviews-

Rayc Thank you for your review. I prefer 2 Bens/2 Obis because the odds of seeing Tatooine sites are VERY good, considering Court, Occupation, and stuff like that. DS JP sites are very popular nowadays, and the perfect place to drop Ben w/ Han+Chewie.

I've gotten some great reviews, I'll just sum them up here
Most of you say add another grabber, and you are probably right. The way I run through my deck tho, I get either the grabber or a Signal VERY quick. Most of you also said take out the third Nabrun, this I strongly disagree with. The characters in this deck need to get to where the opponent is and quick. They are NOT going to deploy where you are at, therefore you need to hunt them down. Also, with this many Nabruns, it is easy to Nabrun Obi from one place and then someone else from another and hammer them wherever they're at, or in case of IAO, present such a threat they won't battle and lose 3 to OTE. Steve, I like Clash, as Crush really isn't that popular around Austin. It may be after this weekend, though...
Monnok might hurt, but the whole point of going first to kill their activation before they even get a chance. They won't be able to activate four to play it lost. A manipulator, while out of the meta, would start JP, right? Perhaps with Expand the Empire? Throw down Luke or Ben first turn, and keep them from getting their other sites until they put someone down. Once you have someone strong down, Manipulation generally falls apart, and with this deck you can have a powerful character down first turn easy.

And then there are bad reviews...yes, it's +1 activation at the Holotheatre if Vader gets out, but it's for ME 'cause it'll be Revo'd. Obi's Hut/Tosche Station does not limit your opponent to activating 1-2 perhaps zero on their first turn.

More reviews-Goo Nee Tay is useless against the popular Court decks, and not really necessary. I haven't seen a Surprise played in Texas in a long, long, time. Even if I did see it, that's what the Senses are for. With the number of Senses, I've got lots of chances to draw for a 1 against Hunt Down. Once I've got Obi down, the Senses let me stop any interrupt I want to, which is why I have them. The only thing that I can't stop is Crush Evader, and I've fully detailed how to handle that. I've taken the advice of the majority of comments and added a 2nd Grabber to this.

'