---
author: Scott "Darson" Carver
title: 'Don't those pesky jedi ever learn?'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-23
description: 'Four words....Hunt Down ain't dead.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective (1)
 Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi

Locations (7)
 Death Star II: Docking Bay
 Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
 Executor: Docking Bay
 Executor: Holotheatre
 Executor: Meditation Chamber
 Spaceport Docking Bay
 Yavin 4: Docking Bay

Characters (15)
 Darth Vader With Lightsaber
 Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith  x2
 Emperor Palatine  x3
 IG-88 With Riot Gun  x2
 Janus Greejatus
 Lord Vader  x2
 Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand  x3
 Sim Aloo

Starships (5)
 Boba Fett In Slave I
 Bossk In Hound's Tooth
 Dengar In Punishing One
 Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser  x2

Interrupts (17)
 Focused Attack
 Force Lightning  x3
 Masterful Move  x2
 Monnok
 Prepared Defenses
 Shocking Revelation  x2
 The Circle Is Now Complete
 Twi'lek Advisor  x2
 Vader's Obsession
 You Are Beaten
 Young Fool  x2

Effects (10)
 Imperial Arrest Order
 Imperial Decree
 Reactor Terminal
 Security Precautions
 Something Special Planned For Them
 There'll Be Hell To Pay
 Visage Of The Emperor	x3
 You Cannot Hide Forever

Weapons (4)
 Darth Vader's Lightsaber
 Mara Jade's Lightsaber  x2
 Vader's Lightsaber

Epic Events (1)
 Epic Duel



Strategy: 

This is a deck that I worked with alongside my best friend that you would know as "Vannor". We developed this deck together and we both have our own variants to it, but for the most part, they are VERY similiar. His is already posted if you'd like to take a look at it.

First off, before you prejudge this deck because it's hunt down, listen to my reasons as to why this deck works even though the LS has Honor of the Jedi now which bashes visage.

Ok, you start with the usual hunt down stuff, including epic duel and use prepared defenses as your starting interrupt. You pull IAO, Something special planned for them, and You cannot hide forever. IAO to pull your docking bays, something special planned for them to kill those annoying retrieval loops, and You cannot hide forever to make your opponents jedi a convienent defense value -1.

From the start, you pull your docking bays, usually the executor and death star ones first, then your battleground ones, but it depends on what they play. Get Vader down ASAP (but you already knew that) along with your other biggies. Emperor Palpatine in this deck is absolutely awesome. Firstly, when you get vader down on the table your force generation is +1 from the holotheatre, but when you get palpatine down too, your force generation from the holotheatre is +2 plus an additional 1 that palpy gives. It's a nice force boost. Secondly, even though he can't deploy or move around directly where their characters are, he's still huge and can handle himself quite well by himself. Reason being....force lightning. This card has done devastating things to the LS in playtesting. The destiny in this deck is insanely high and with force lightning, it's no huge feat to take out jedi luke even with his lightsaber. Another nice combo is to put Iggy or choke vader down at Palpys site and use force lightnings USED text making someone defense value -4 for the remainder of the turn. This almost gaurantees you capturing or choking someone like obi-wan or luke. Young Fool is also disgusting with him. For one, it's yet another destiny 6 card in the deck but you can knock out mains permanently with it. Another bonus Palpatine gives: Mara is finally power +2 :).

Now, on to the counter strategies....

AGAINST RTP: capture leia with IGGY, force lightning leia with palpy, use young fool...no more princess.

AGAINST M&T: Duel away Luke and Obi. take key locations with emperor and his crew of @#$%es (janus and sim) and make them come to you. Beat down, and drain. Use Mara to get to their Twix sites. Follow her lead with the rest of the crew.

AGAINST There is good in him: They'll need time to try to win the battles they need to cross vader. Use this time to set up a tracked 6 or seven and force lightning jedi luke away. If they put down another one, do the same. Keep your force lightnings saved for this reason. If they come at you with mains, try to duel Obi when the chance arises and send mara after what's left. Don't be afraid to send Vader in to fight even if he's escorting luke.

AGAINST SPACE: Spread out on the ground with your characters but don't spread too thin. Control the three battlegrounds you'll need to suspend Honor of the Jedi and keep them at bay in space with your starships. If they come down to the ground, kick them off and keep them in space. Drain on the ground and let visage to the rest.

DEALING WITH HONOR OF THE JEDI: This is probably the one part that people aren't going to believe me about. This deck works really fast. If they pull honor of the jedi on you, chances are you won't take much damage from it once you get vader out. Chase Obi-Wan and Luke away and keep your objective flipped. Once you've dealt with them once and for all get the battlegrounds you need to suspend honor of the jedi. I won't lie to you though. You will take some damage, but you usually take some anyways with hunt down decks.

This is probably the only deck where I've felt that tracking isn't always necessary. The average destiny in this deck is so high that I usually pull 5's and 6's all the time anyway. Take advantage of this with your dueling. Although I usually don't, don't be TOO hesitant to blindly go into a duel. There's a  very good chance you might win anyway. This is one of the finest decks I've ever played with, and most definetly the most fun.

CHANGES: I've taken out a force lightning and added I have you now.


