---
layout: post
author: ! John "Parn12" Digiovanni
title: ! "Endor Ops (Please review, need comments)"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-16
description: ! 'My most recent attempt at Endor Operations, a lot of black and blue for heavy ground control and draining.'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost

Locations (7)
Endor (S)
Endor Bunker (S)
Endor Landing Platform (S)
Endor Back Door
Endor Ewok Village
Endor Forest Clearing
Endor Dark Forest

Characters (18)
AT-ST Pilot x3
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
Ephant Mon
Commander Igar
Captain Godherdt
Colonel Davod Jon
General Veers
Lieutenant Arnet
Major Marquand
Mara Jade, the Emperor’s Hand
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle
Lord Vader
Grand Moff Tarkin
Admiral Piett
Admiral Chiraneau
Lieutenant Watts

Combat Vehicles (9)
Tempest Scout x3
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6

Starships (6)
Flagship Executor
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
Vengeance
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Avenger
Devastator

Interrupts (6)
Prepared Defenses (S)
Hot Pursuit x2
Pitiful Little Band
Hutt Smooch x2

Effects (10)
Search And Destroy
Imperial Arrest Order
Battle Order
Reactor Terminal
Percence of the Force x2
Relentless Tracking
Establish Secret Base
Expand The Empire
Resistance

Weapons (2)
Vader’s Lightsaber
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

Admiral’s Orders (1)
We’re In Attack Position Now '

Strategy: '

Well, I have done only a few Endor Ops decks, some of which were strong, a lot were weak.  This is my first attempt after DSII... and I don’t even think it could be considered a real Endor Ops deck... more like a trick of sorts.  Anyways, it can swing either way.  Starting effects... hehe, well, it really depends on what you’re playing with.  The only ones you even need to bother with are Imperial Arrest Order (higher forfeit), Battle Order, and Resistance.  You may want to grab them all first thing, or you may just want to let them sit in the deck and draw them later (2 destiny 5’s and a 4 are good to chance drawing in a battle).  Some games you may just toss Prepared Defenses in your reserve deck and use it when you get it for +1 battle destiny.  Aside from the starting stuff its really just a power deck using a lot of combat vehicles and characters to get the drop on the light side.  AT-ST Pilots can keep you in the game, always increasing your attrition by 1 never hurts, especially when you draw a low draw, it may catch some people with low immunity once in awhile.  Marquand and Watts can just be sheer annoying, they are a beastly power 8 and two destiny draws while piloting tempest scout 1 or 2, then you can always have Arnet too, not too big, but power 6 + a draw on Tempest Scout 1, power 8 + a draw if you toss a AT-ST pilot in too.  Of course there is the ever present Igar + Tempest 1 combination... all of the extra sites in the deck are force drain of 2 without any special adders (sabers, effects, etc).  And its quite possible to get two sites up to force draining for 5 a turn (expand a +1 site, saber, PotF). Also I tossed in a few starships to bottle up the Endor system and tossed in Establish Secret Base while I was at it... possible drain of 6 on Endor was just too good to p@#$% up, and I deploy it starting, so it really doesn’t hurt.  anyways, I’ve not playtested the deck against a large variety of the popular light side decks, so I will provide what little insight I can onto how to play against the few that I know of.

Power Decks
I hardly know where to begin, certainly start out with Insurrection... don’t deploy until you’re either going to commit to a site or going in to take advantage of your opponent, even then be VERY watchful for a dreaded counter attack.  Combat vehicles can be your saving grace, remember most power decks go after your forfeit, and if your forfeit is shoved into combat vehicles, its just going to be power vs. power, destiny vs. destiny.  If you think you can intimidate him away from Endor, go for it, set up your drains really good, always leave force open for reacting (all the AT-STs in the deck can react, only one needs to be on endor before it can react).  Just be very watchful for when he tosses down someone like Beezer (that little witch ) ).  Perhaps you can outdo him in toe-to-toe combat, or perhaps you can keep him away long enough to drain him down pretty good and take over from there.

One quick note I know Tramples would do a world of good for this deck... there is just one problem I don’t have any tramples, thank you ahead of time )

Operatives
Okay, not that any of us worry about such things... but you never know.  Battle Order and Resistance should do the trick.  Beat him down pretty soundly once or twice, if he’s playing reactables... hey, you got Arnet (no reacts to or from him) and Hot Pursuit (may be able to bottle him down at another site).  Just hammer him down once or twice and see how well he stands.  Also, Operatives rarely have power away from their planet.. maybe you could overcome him by setting up and draining pretty big?

TIGIH
I almost find this deck offensive at times, but each to his own.  If Luke starts hunting you down, hop on AT-STs with your imperials and go take care of him.  If the deck is Endor you should have no problem, just fortify yourself and drain, or let your opponent get a little @#$%y and then wipe him from under the feet of the at-sts you just crushed him with.  There is always ample cause to be worried though, as these decks are quite frequently power decks (see above).  Use your best judgment here.

HB
*snicker* Keep him off of Endor if you want to drain there, you should have enough space out there to quickly probe his system down and get rid of the pesky force drain killer.  Either way, Search and Destroy him, Hutt Smooch his spies, then give him something to think about with Pitiful Little Band (if he gives you someone small enough).  Don’t go toe to toe with him in space, there simply isn’t enough of you to go around, especially if he’s playing that squad @#$%ignments crap.  Either way, set up your ground while he sets up his space, your drains should be far more potent than his can ever hope to be.  Get rid of the back side of HB, then drain drain drain.  You can chance going to Endor if you’re feeling secure enough in his lack of power, hey, force drain of 5 or 6 should give him a little to think about.

Profit
Let me start by this little bit of wise advice to you... please don’t deploy the two aliens to the chamber, it’d be unfortunate to see your game end on the first turn because Ephant Mon and Mara got the crap beat out of them by Master Luke, Old Ben, Leia with Blaster, then loving Han free from the carbonite and sending Ephant Mon back to your hand with Master Luke.  Enough said.  Anyways, you can try to stop his game in the chamber, just be watchful for Bo Shuda and Order to Engage... I also played a particularly vile deck profit deck with Order To Engage and Arconas... that just sucks.. hence the need to have Arnet and the Hot Pursuits... turn that Arcona into some goo, hehehe, ie Hot Pursuit him so he can’t react away  SQUISH.  This should just be a drain race, just be careful if it is mad profit power...

QMC
Never played it, no input from this side of the world, sorry Tala 2 )

MWYHL
Welp, by force drains, hopefully you can cause good damage with drains before he flips and retrieves... counter Anger Fear Agression with Resistance, cuts it in half.	This deck can pose a lot of problems, perhaps destroy mine if its made well enough.

Anyways, go easy, and give me all the helpful comments you can  I love hearing things that’ll only help me out in the future  Enjoy another of my @#$%eyed ideas
John '