---
layout: post
author: Eric "bounty22" Hunter
title: 'mixed court of kings'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-20
description: 'a solid deck that can hold it's own.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Coruscant
Coruscant: Docking Bay
Executor: Docking Bay
Hoth: Ice Plains
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace: Dungeon
Tatooine: Great Pit Of Carkoon
Tatooine: Jabba's Palace
Tatooine: Jundland Wastes
Tatooine: Mos Eisley
Tatooine: Tusken Canyon

4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Admiral Ozzel
Bane Malar
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Chall Bekan
Cloud City Engineer
Darth Vader With Lightsaber  x2
Dengar with Blaster Carbine
Dr. Evazan
IG-88 With Riot Gun  x2
Jabba The Hut
Jodo Kast
Lieutenant Cabbel
Lieutenant Renz
Lieutenant Watts
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand	x2
Officer Evax

Blizzard 2

Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Executor
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter	x2

Alter  x3
Elis Helrot  x2
Jabba's Through With You
Oo-ta Goo-ta, Solo?
Sense  x5
Shocking Revelation
Twi'lek Advisor
You Are Beaten	x2
Bad Feeling Have I
Batle Order
Image Of A Dark Lord

Mara Jade's Lightsaber  x2

Court Of The Vile Gangster / I Shall Enjoy Watching You Die


Strategy: 

ok this is a very basic deck. you just battle them into submision. your normal start is bad feeling have i. the only exception is if you play against a ops deck, in that case you batle plan.
   this is a basic few turns should go.
1)activate, deploy db and draw a few.
2) deploy db, jabba and a alien to activate another next turn. draw.
3-?)keep on drawing and putting forces down.
keep this up till they make a move. at which point you elis or some how smack them.

against ops- start batle plan and just batle them out. keep jabba at ac to activate and add to forfite. contol the system w/ zuckuss and just smack them.

against hb(any varient)- alter/sense anything they try to pull. don't deploy ships untill they flip or you can smack. since many people play a fake hidden base, bad feeling will help. this will be easy cause they won't be able to beat you in the ac.

against tr- i don't really fear tr. just do the game plan and make sure to always leave some force incase you need it. also image of ther dark lord should be deployed on there yavin4 sites so you can keep them from really out activating you.

against profit- start chall and jabba, pull mara and drain at jp. also take the engineer out to convert the ac. this shouldn't be a problem w/ the sac package this deck has.

if i'm forgetting something to bad. also boelo, ephant and some other crazy aliens may want to be thrown in but this is my original deck and it works already. props to santa claus for giving me the cards to make this deck and to rexbanner7 for making a awsome hit and run deck on my sugestion(go check it out, it went 3-0 at the conn states). and slops to gamemaster for saying he has the best hundown deck ever(so not true).

also check out my new section on my member page called the *witty* zone. as you may of gussed it is *witty*.
later all 