---
layout: post
author: ! Daniel "Shadow865" Blackford
title: ! "Terminal Velocity"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-20
description: ! 'Direct damage, with insane attrition abilities and high forfeits for a very rough time if you're the LS.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objectives-1
Ralltiir Operations

Locations-10
Ralltiir
Death Star
Coruscant
Dag Cave
Ice Plains
Raithal
Forest
Desert
Jungle
Swamp

Characters-14
Biker Scout Trooper x2
Sgt. Tarl
Sgt. Barich
Sgt. Irol
Sgt. Elsek x2
Sgt. Wallen
Corp. Avarik
Corp. Drelosyn
Corp. Oberk
Corp. Misik
Navy Trooper Vesden
Navy Trooper Fenson

Creatures-1
Bubo

Starships-14
Fett in Slave1
Zuck in MHunter x2
Bossk in Bus
Executor
Devastator
Avenger
Dreadnaught x3
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Speeder Bike x2

Effects-17
CHYBC
Sec Precautions
First Strike
Search and Destroy
Oppressive Enforcment
IAO
ABCTTU
BFHI
Battle Order
Hell to Pay x2
Reactor Terminal
3720 to 1 x4
Secret Plans

Interrupts-4
Twilek x3
High Speed Tactics x1

'

Strategy: '

The deck went undefeated today, beating a deck that retrieved 30 force and shut drains down most of the game. This archetype is strong peoples.

Gulp, I think thats 61 cards. Drop Tarl or Bus.

Alright guys. My first deck in a while..I decided to make it a good one. ROps has proven itself strong for deploy, -1 to drains, and search ability. DS Numbers are good because most people don't expect them (I'm seeing usual counters being taken out by all but the best players.). IAO is good because of forfeit. Speeder Biker guys are good because of comboliscious gametext and reacts. NOW...put em all together and what do you have? High forfeit, low deploy, high destiny, reacting, comboliscious characters with destiny draws up to plus 9 (Avarik/Elsek +Raithal +ROps)
With the bikers your also drawing multiple destiny in combos. You can set the combos up by searching..this deck makes itself.

It is almost a known fact that to beat ROps you have to go down and battle it. Bad Feelings+ROps =plus 4 deploy. That means its gonna be a two mains hit sqd. With Elsek out their gonna take 2 characters but lose BOTH of theirs. With the insane attrition they wont be able to keep chucking guys out. Drain -1 and Numbers will kill them while the small drains whittle away and annoy them.

This deck is strong...because you can pull what you need. Drop raithal, drop executor, get a guy for destiny and your set because of the high attrition.

Need bikes? Pull a non-unique out with front side before flip then pull the bikes out.

The power is covered with the walkers...IAO keeps them on the table.

This deck is FUN to play as well and beats the crap out of LS Numbers decks (All Eloms gives it a run for its money but the attrition gets em with that 3 forfeit.) Droid numbers die to S&D and Vesden can make guys like destiny 8 and stuff.

The non-biker troopers are in their for destiny and retrival hampering text (Best Choices I could find for filler characters).

Put those DFTD BACK in your deck.   '