---
author: Quirin "el-diablo" Fuergut
title: 'A real MWYHL-Deck'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-19
description: 'Just a Dagobah-Deck which makes all Jedi tests and then does some beatdown.Please give me some advice because its my first submission of a normal Deck.The others nearly didnt get ratedso I just need some advice!!!!'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective:
Mind What You Have learned

Starting(4):
Dagobah
Heading for the medical Frigate
Wise Advice
The Way of things
YISYW

Locations(5):
Dag: Yodas Hut
Dag: Bog Clearing
Dag: Jungle
Dag: Training Area
Dag: Swamp

Character(14):
Yoda
Daughter of Skywalker
Boush
Luke w/ stick x2
Obi w/ stick x2
Orimaarko
Melas
BoShek
General Calrissian
Tk-422
Capn Han
Major Haashn

Ships(5):
Home one
Millenium Falcon x2
Spiral
Lberty
R2-D2 in Red5

Devices(1):
Lukes Backpack

Interrupts(14):
Lost in the Wilderness x2
A few Maneuvers
Strangle
Signal x2
It could be worse x2
On the Edge x2
Sense x3
Alter x2

Effects(10):
Stone Pile x2
Yodas Hope
Legendary Starfighter
Traffic Control
Oonee tay
What are you trying to push on us x2
Projection of a Skywalker x2

Jedi Tests(6):
Great Warrior
A Jedis Strenght
Domain of Evil
Size Matters not
Is the future you see
You must Confront Vader



Strategy: 

I will add Battle Plan for something else.Sorry forgot that killer-card.
------------------------------------------------------------
Ive played a few tournaments at this moment and this Deck did well so here is the main idea:
Try to make your tests as fast as possible!!
Stop opponents drains with Projections, Lost in the Wilderness, but use It Could be worse only for canceling Force Drains when you got Test 1 or you have enough S/A on hand. Stop his starships in space with Falcon SPiral etc.
!!!! Dont test with Luke, this Deck is build to test with Daughter !!!! Now you think why Boussh,
but this I will tell you later. Also track your Destinies for on the edge with Rebels at opponents battlegrounds.
----------------------------------
Ok your start every game with taking out Yodas hut with Dagobah game text and Yoda, his Hope and Backpack with Objective.If you have a projection of Sky. play it on opponents Battleground.
Pulle first Jedi test with Training Area and then draw cards up. In opponents turn search for next test.If its your turn againplay Leia and first Jedi test.So the next few turns try to do your tests as fast as possible which is not as difficult, because you get Test3 when you play it,
have Landspeed 2 and are immune to Set for Stun.
Now if you can get Jedi Test6 take Leia on hand deploy Boussh to Vader (as a Undercover Spy, and duel him in you move phase.It is easy to win it when you have tracked destiny for 5th test (usually R2-D2) so you will draw 2 7s.If you got that the game is over!!! In every battle you will draw 2 7s as destiny opponent needs 6 ability and so on.The o0nly problems will be very fast decks.

Now the matchups
vs BHBM
give him Luke, track destinies for winning battles play On the Edge for retrival end so on.
Not to difficult cause he drains not so much.
Try to control Space with Falcon and Co and drop Legendary Starfighter on it.
vs ISB
once you get 1st Test he will be as slow as BHBM with drains. Make your game and battle where he drains to much and deploy to stop SAD.
vs Hunt Down
Didnt play against such a Deck but should be as BHBM but be aware of Luke getting crossed.

I think that is enough for you.Please rate my Deck and give me some advice!!!!
Thanx  