---
layout: post
author: ! Jim "NewJedi00" Sells
title: ! "Bad Deals"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-28
description: ! "Ok After a bad attempt at this deck with non troopers using trooper assults I decided to revamp it to make it a competative deck"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective
This Deal is Getting Worse All the Time/other side

Starting Stuff
CCUpper Walkway(Free Movement is Nice)
Secret Plans
Prepared Defenses
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
Oppressive Enforcement

Locations
Bespin
BespinCC
CCCasino
CCDowntown Plaza
CCDocking Bay
CCPort Town District
CCWest Gallery
Rendili

Effects
CC Occupation
Dark Deal
There is No Try

Interrupts
Tactical Support x2
Trooper Assult x5
Weapon Levitation

Weapons
Mara’s Saber
Vader’s Saber

Ships
Boba Fett in S1
Bossk in HT
Dengar in P1
Emperors Shuttle
Executor
OS-72-1 in O1
OS-72-2 in O2
Zuckass in MH

Guy’s and Gal
Corporal Drazin
Corporal Drelosyn
Corporal Grenwick
Corporal Oberk
Corporal Prescott
Emperor Palpatine
Grand Moff Tarkin
IG-88 w/ gun
Janus
Lord Vader x3
Mara x2
Sgt Barich
SMG Bursk
Sgt Elsek
SMG Enfield
Sgt Irol
Sgt Narthax
Sgt Tarl
Sgt Torent
Sgt Wallen
Trooper Davin Felth '

Strategy: '

Ok Start the starting stuff and on your first turn pull CCDB,Rendili and Bespin, if you get Ren, then pull the Executor, you may need it. This gives you 2 of the 3 sites you need right away for DD. What you do after this varies a little. Try to set up Dark Deal as fast as you can. Don’t drop BespinCC till your ready to Drop Dark Deal. Once you have this going your troopers are fat on CC. Use the Assults and the power Bonus from DD to beat them up. You have great Drop and Battle potential with this deck. Something the last deck lacked. Don’t be afraid to go off of CC and battle you have tons to do it with, most of the troopers in this deck are ability 2 and forfeit for a ton with IAO. Lord Vader is a wrecking machine and your producing tons of force by turn 2, so there are no worries dropping him, the + to his saber swings make him my only Vader nowadays. People will say HB will give problems but it won’t you don’t have to get the occupation going to win, your deck comes out much faster than HB so you should drain them tons and maybe hit one of their systems. The only problem I can see is if someone comes down to CC real fast, in this case save up guys and beat them off with the Trooper assults, or if they are playing SAC then just sheer numbers should do the job. When Deploying sites, you really don’t need more than 3 down, this is tons of drains, you don’t want to give them a chance of flipping Dark Deal if you can help it. Well there you go, I hope you have fun. As a side note, for the moroons that review this, don’t bother to leave a comment with your crappy rating, I personally am not one to care what I get fromt he decks, I am just here to have a little fun and maybe help some folks out. Thanks Again, Jim  '