---
author: Arian "NorthernWolf" Delisle
title: Nick's ISB
side: Dark
date: 2000-01-17
description: This deck is probably the best flowing deck I've ever seen. It handles all the popular stategies. While allowing you to crush your opponent.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations (11)
Coruscant
Tatooine x2
Tatooine:Lars' Moisture Farm
Tatooine:Jundland Wastes
Tatooine:Tusken Canyon
Tatooine:Jabba's Palace x2
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber x2
Jabba's Palace: Dungeon

Characters (23)

4-Lom With Concussion Rifle
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle x2
Chall Bekan x2
Dr.Evazan x2
IG-88 With Riot Gun x2
Jabba x2
Outer Rim Scout x8
Zuckuss
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand x2
Jodo Kast

Starships and Vehicles (10)

Blizzard 1
Tempest Scout 1 x2
Tempest Scout 2
Bossk in Hounds Tooth x2
Jabba's Space Cruiser x2
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Dengar In Punishing One

Weapons (1)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Interrupts (8)
Abyssin Ornament x2
Ghhhk x2
Twi'lek Advisor x2
Hidden Weapons x2

Effects(6)
Imperial Arrest Order
Scum And Villainy x2
Tatooine Occupation x2
There'll Be Hell To Pay

Objective: (1)
ISB Operations/Empire's Sinister Agents








Strategy: 

Well first of all I just want you all to know that Nick Burke is the mastermind behind this deck. He showed me the power of this deck and let me tell you it is a force to be reckoned with. This is a new version of the deck since EJP came out. Now that that's over with onto the strategy.

Start with Any Means Necessary to get Zuckuss, His Ship, and the Dungeon. Your goal in the early game is to get the A.C. out and Flip the objective. Once that is done it should be high sailing for you. Hidden base is not a problem as your bounty hunting ships are just monsters. 4-Lom with Zuckuss In Ship is Discusting not to mention being backed up by the Space Cruiser. Jabba should be placed at his Audience Chamber to make all your ORS's forfeit of 5.
Lose the ORS's then Retrive them, then lose them again. It doesnt matter how bad your destiny is as long as you make your opponent lose something. S&V just makes the retrival all the easier. Use the walkers to avoid beatdown / counter assault. if your opponent comes to your Audience Chamber use Dr.E + Fett + Hidden Weapons to make them wish they never showed up. Spread out on tatooine with the Walkers and Occupation and the game will be over very quickly.
The Best part of this deck is that you can get smacked down early and still be able to win big with all the retrival. You should of seen the face of this guy in San Diego when my lost pile was 20 and his was about 4. At the end of the game i won by 26. He wasn't too happy about that. Anyways This is my first decktech submission. Hope i did everything right.

Cheers

AJ
