---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "Gilliatt" Raveling
title: ! "Ravelings My Kind Of Scum"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-21
description: ! 'A nice alien swarm deck.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'My Kind of Scum/Fearless

Starting(7)
Tattoine Desert Heart
Tattoine Jabba’s Palace
All Wrapped Up
Power of the Hutt
No Bargain
Prepared Defences

Locations(3)
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba’s Palace Dungeon
Jabba’s Palace Lower Passages

Characters(31)
Myo X 3
Mighty Jabba
Jabba
4-Lom with Con Rifle X 2
Dr. Evazan X 2
Mara Jade
Gailid
Boelo
Bib Fortuna
Ree-Yees
Boba Fett with Blaster
Ephant Mon
Cloud City Engineer
Lobel
IG-88 with Riot Gun
Jodo Kast
Dengar with Blaster Carbine
Chall Bekan
Abyssian X 9

Effects(9)
Scum and Villainy X 2
Den of Thieves X 2
Disarmed X 2
There is No Try
Hutt Influence
Secret Plans

Interrupts(8)
Abyssian Ornament X 3
Projective Telepathy X 2
None Shall Pass
Imperial Barrier
Jabba’s Twerps

Ships(2)
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Boba Fett in Slave 1
'

Strategy: '

STRATEGY
First Turn
On your first turn you want to pull the Audience Chamber and put SE Jabba there.  Put down some back up.  Pull Hutt Influence as well and deploy it.  Now you have a nice drain to start from and you are somewhat protected because of No Bargain.  Second turn you can pull Beolo or Ephant Mon.  If I am facing an EBO or Hidden Base I tend to pull Ephant Mon to protect against
undercover spies.  Versus most other decks I pull Beolo to give Jabba some firepower in the audience chamber.
Second turn you want to pull out the Dungeon and not the Lower Passages because you aren’t going to flip the objective yet.  Wait till turn three.
If he is going to battle you he might do it on turn two so see what happens here.  Also pull another alien using Power of the Hut and deploy him to the audince chamber.
Now on turn 3 deploy the Lower Passages.  Deploy your sites so that it is Dungeon, Audience Chamber, Lower Passages, Jabba’s Palace.   That is so that if the light side battles at the Audience Chamber you can easily move any
captured characters to the Dungeon and retrieve two.  And this puts the Audience Chamber farther into Jabba’s Palace so you don’t have to move Jabba around if he invades.	Now flip your
objective.  You should have enough forces to protect two battleground sites so deploy a wimp to Jabba’s Palace and then deploy en-masse to Lower Corridor.  Use Power of the Hutt to get another alien there and move the wimp from Jabba’s Palace to the Lower Corridor.
Don’t deploy Mara Jade if you are in a drain race.  That invites TK-422 to come visit.  She also cancels No Bargain on you but doesn’t cancel the effects of Scum and Villainy.  Now you are all set up.
You have massive retrivel on your side.  Jabba’s Twerps can give you a force back for each
of the following guys Jabba,Chall Bakan, Ephant Mon, Myo, Bib Fortuna.
That is 5 force with one card.	You have one abyssian retrieval a turn with your objective.  And you have a potential of 9 retrieval with Abyssian Ornament.  Then there is Scum and Villainy which can retrieve unlimited force.
You have a recycling Myo.  Never put Myo down at the Audience Chamber just to sit there.  Try to set it up so that Myo gets recycled so that you can continually use him to cancel destiny draws and force drains.  Versus space decks put Myo into your ships and lose him to the used.  Versus ground decks put him wherever you are going to battle and lose him to the used.  If you play him right you can cancel destinies and force drains 5 or 6 times.

Match Ups
Versus Profit	You need to do a specific routine here and you will have an easy game.	Scrap all the stuff I wrote earlier and follow this pattern.
Start with Mighty Jabba and Chall Baken.  Using Chall Bakan’s gametext get a Cloud City Engineer and start the game out with 9 cards in hand.  Now you get first turn.  Deploy the cloud city engineer to Jabba’s Palace for 2 force(-1 from Chall).  Pay 2 to bring Jabba’s Palace to top and then pull the Audience Chamber using Jabba’s Palace game text.  Now use your last force to move Cloud City Engineer to the Audience Chamber.  Now you have 7 force on second turn and the lightside gets 3 on theres.  You have a huge
force in the Audience Chamber and they have hardly any force to do anything.  You move the Cloud City Engineer back to the Audience Chamber so that he doesn’t get smashed by Master Luke.   Second turn you can get Boba Fett w/Blaster to protect the Audience chamber using Audience Chamber game text.  Now Profit will probably never get flipped.

Versus EBO.  This is going to be a drain race.	You have several advantages.  First you have more retrieval then they do.  Jabba’s Twerps should give you four or five.  Abyssian Ornaments should give you five to eight.  Your objective gives you one every turn.  You can also cancel more of their drains.  You can cancel one with Myo and one with Den of Thieves.  You have the advantage in this match up.  You can even deploy to the North Ridge and move in.

Versus Agents in The Court.  A tough game.  His game text doesn’t let you use Jabba’s Palace to get out your sites.  You have to deploy someone out at the Hutt Trade Route so that you can get the Audience Chamber.  He can put your own desert in between you and the Hutt Trade Route so that you have to sit out there if you deploy to that site.  You have to control it too, not just occupy so you might only get one turn of using Jabba’s Palace.  Plus he might even put out Bo Shuda.  But because no one is going to play this
objective you don’t have to worry about it.

Versus Dagobah Train.  This will be a tough game and most likely you will get a timed game.  You might get a timed win or a timed loss.  Try to do your retrieval right before he flips his objective.	If he decides to come to your sites and battle then you can start your whole Scum retrieval engine.  If his deck is based around battling, you have a better chance because you have all the battle cards stacked in your favor.

Versus TIGIH.  Be patient with this game.  Wait till you flip to worry about Luke.  You get to battle Luke over and over to retrieve with Scum.  One of my favorite things to do is wait till you have Disarmed.  Put 4-Lom in front of Luke and Disarm him.  Then battle that wimp.  You retrieve two and he loses his big gun.

Versus Speeders.  Just take this one word of advice from me.  Don’t deploy to Jabba’s Palace and leave your guys there.  You can deploy there, battle, and then move away to retrieve with scum but don’t let them sit out there.  All of my suggestions so far have been so that you keep your guys at interior sites till you see what the opponent is playing.  You have some nifty interior sites to drain at.  Just drain there.


Questions Answered
Why only 2 ships??  You can look to see if you activated them every turn and draw them when you need to.  If they are lost you can retrive them easily.

Is Court of the Vile Gangster better than My Kind of Scum??  I think My Kind of Scum is better now because you get to start off with better sites.  You get a 2-1 site with the Desert instead of the Pit of Carkoon.  As an extra bonus if they deploy to this desert they are stuck there.  How many people do you know get around No Bargain and None Shall Pass by deploying to the Pit of Carkoon and moving over?  You also get to start with Jabba’s Palace instead of the Audience Chamber which is way better.  You also get a better start versus Profit.

Why only 3 Myo’s??  You get to use him over and over if you play him right.  Don’t waste him before you deploy him to your objective.  Always put him in the battles and forfiet him so that he can recycled and go through the whole process again.

Why two 4-Loms??  See my Decktech article ”Character of the Year 2000” for
my reasoning on having two 4-loms.

Why Lobel instead of IAO or Oota-goota??  Lobel is a non-unique alien that can be used with Den of Thieves.  He also can be used with Hutt Influence to reduce attrition by 2 in a battle.  He also reduces the forfeit of light side pilots by 2.  Hey, he is pretty good.

No grabbers??  What do you need to grab?  You have more retrieval than most light sides and you have a safer drain spot than most light sides as well.	Those light side interrupts aren’t going to hurt you that much.  Let the light side have its On The Edge for 6.  You have way more retrieval than they do.

Can you outdrain anything with only 3 sites??  Yep.  In tournament play, I was able to hold off an EBO deck that had an X-wing at Kessel, Kiffex, Coruscant, Chandrilla, Bothway and was draining for 15 because I had a single ship at Kessel.   I
cancelled the coruscant drain with Myo.  I canceled the Kiffex drain with an Abyssian.	I ate the drain of 6.	On my turn, I retrieved my one abyssian.  I battled to retrieve two with Scum. And I deployed an Abyssian to retrieve
later on with the Ornament.  So I only lost 3 to all those drains which I was going to make up later with Jabba’s Twerps and Abyssian Ornament.

What about Sense/Alter???  My Kind Of Scum gives you some cool abilities without having to rely on interrupts and effects.  Your characters are also very strong without interrupts and effects.  You aren’t relying on them so you can afford to lose em.  That is why There Is No Try is in here rather than grabbers and Wise Advice.

What about Undercover Spies??  You only need to worry about Boush.  Don’t deploy Mara Jade unless you want to worry about TK-422.  If Boush is at one of your sites then she will stay there.  I don’t have Hutt Smooch or Bubo to take care of her because I concentrated this deck on fighting and retrieving.

Any cool combo’s in here??  Yeah.  I like Disarmed and Dr. Evazan.  Get them together and you can do some good things.

Do you have a light side like this?? Yep it has already been posted so go to my member page and look it up.  Tourney Report using this deck will be coming soon as well.

If I play this will I win??  Yep.  I guarantee it.

-Michael Raveling



-Michael Raveling

'