---
layout: post
author: Chris "G.M.A Rimmer" Daroza
title: ''Sally Struthers has a Tiberian Junker.''
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-01-25
description: ! '...which is the favored ship of the hutts...'YCEPBT/OBD Deck for fun and after some tweaking hopefully tourney worthy.Make the Darkside feel your pain with OTE and Rebel Barrier. Rescue Han'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (7)

Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber (SL)
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jabba's Palace (SL)
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Obi-Wan's Hut
Tatooine Tosche Station

Characters (17)

Artoo x2
Boussh
ECC Chewie x2
EPP Han
Han (Jedi-Pack)
ECC Lando x2
EPP Leia x2
EPP Luke x2
EPP Obi-wan x2
Tawss Khaa
Threepio

Vehicles (1)

Skiff

Interrupts (24)

Blaster Proficiency x2
Clash of Sabers x2
Fallen Portal
Houjix
It Could Be Worse x2
Jedi Presence
Rebel Barrier x4
Sense x2
Slight Weapons Malfunction x2
Someone Who Loves You x2
The Signal x2
Tunnel Vision x3

Effects (10)

A Gift
Beggar
Bo Shuda
Chasm
Draw Their Fire
Goo Nee Tay
Order to Engage x2
Scramble
Ultimatum

Objective

You Can Either Profit By This/
Or Be Destroyed









'

Strategy: '

Okay this deck has a few tricks a some tech to be mindful of. Throw the Obj. and JP sites down and use Goo Nee Tay if they arent playing COTVG, or Chasm or Ultimatum if they are.
Don't worry about Bo Shuda just use the Audience Chamber text to get that out. Now depending on if the opponent deployed 2 aliens with your Obj. will affect a few things.
If they did, do not deploy Bo Shuda Immediately (you'll need an alien their first anyhow. I only have 3 aliens in this deck but I think I may add 2 Talz for Bo Shuda and some protection
against certain Enhanced BH weapons). Either they assumed you are planning to deploy bo shuda and not battle or they are goona beef up the AC. If they don't deploy other people turn 1 or 2
that should give you enough time to build up a posse and bring the beat down upon them. If they are playing COTVG deploy an alien ASAP and Bo Shuda, then get out Order To Engage and make them
pay. If they move away then Han's free and you'll know that Vader is coming down for a beatdown next turn.

In most case scenarios you'll want to play Order To Engage whit conjuntion with Bo Shuda, Rebel Barrier, Clash of Sabers. Get out Leia and SWLY and free Han. Then Force Drain at tatooine and make the
DS lose force for every main you have down. Protect Han, thats what the Talz (that I need to throw in) are for. The EPP's and ECC's provide solid beatdown on or off tatooine.

Order To Engage plays an important part in this deck. With Bo Shuda it works great and 4 Rebel Barriers and 2 Clash Of Sabers also help. With Rebel Barrier not only do you stop someone from battling
and make them lose 3 force, but you can deploy next turn and bring the posse.

A Gift is important as well. Try to get Artoo and See-Threepio to AC. A gift is a sure way to screw a deck over. With all the EJP/ECC Darkside Enhanced Bounty Hunters the opponent will be hurt for
drains and destiny will be -2 with aliens -3 on tatooine when 3PO is with Artoo. If they don't have an aliens well then you have your work cut out for you. You'll be able to flip the objective first
turn if you like because you just need to deploy someone there to free han. Of course I'd wait until you lose some force to recover it. But flipping first turn could be wise to drain fast if they are playing
a non tatooine deck.

The 3 Tunnel Visions are very useful, to get OTE, Someone Who Loves You, Artoo, etc.

It could be worse is versatile. With Ultimatum active you won't need to fear It's Worse when canceling a force drain since they can't make the drain more than 2 even with It's worse
according to the new rulings.

Beggar and Draw Their Fire tend to really screw the opponent when they save force and know you may use all of there force and apply a huge beatdown and that ghhk can't be played. And remember, If you use more
than 1 force from opponents force pile the effect doesn't leave until the end of you turn not right after you use it. So you could use all their force during your deploy phase, battle, and say they use Imperial supply
or combat readiness, if you have any interrupts that cost force and you can use them..do it

I just realized Chasm should be thrown out and replaced by a talz or someone useful that won't hurt your deck.

Sense is in to cancel anything annoying especailly Trap Door or None Shall Pass. The average destiny in this deck is a little lower than 3. So passing these should be easy. That brings me to Blaster Proficiency.
With an average destiny of 3..you should be able to hit most things normally and surely hit Vader with this card (destiny+1+3+average of 3=7). Or if you hit someone like Vader or Boba, used the lost part, its very effective.

Scramble.....so Darkside likes using all those Bounty Hunters eehhh? No problem.

Fallen Portal, is just in case of creatures, or lure someone to Jabba's Palace..and play this. watch then go from 3 or 4 characters to 1 or 2. Jedi Presence...always a good card.

Make sure to look closely at the overall theme of this deck, you'll notice as I stated above most of the cards are multi-use and flexible.
Making it easy to adapt against most DS decks. The effects and Interrupts work with each other alot and the characters provide the necessary beatdown power.

'