---
layout: post
author: ! Joe "arebelspy" Olson
title: ! "No Sleep (Choke /em) v 2.3"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-02-15
description: ! 'An updated version of the deck I played @ the Seattle G. Slam.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (4)
Yavin 4 Massassi Throne Room
Careful Planning
Swamp
Farm

Locations (4)
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Endor Chief Chirpa's Hut
Rendezvous Point
Yavin 4 Massassi Ruins

Characters(18)
Bron Burs
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Kal'Falnl C'ndros
Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2
Luke With Lightsaber  x2
Melas
Obi-Wan Kenobi	x2
Oola  x2
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Wedge Antilles
Yoxgit

Creatures(2)
Nudj  x2

Starships(2)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Lando In Millennium Falcon

Interrupts(10)
Grimtaash  x4
The Signal  x2
Transmission Terminated  x3
Tunnel Vision

Effects(17)
Bacta Tank
Battle Plan
Civil Disorder
Draw Their Fire
Frozen Assets
Goo Nee Tay
Order To Engage
Revolution  x6
Traffic Control
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?  x2
Wise Advice

Green(3)
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber
Landing Claw  x2 '

Strategy: '

I finally got around to updating this deck, as I might take it to a tourney soon. I took the advice of Nickolas Burke, who noted that I needed Grimtasshes.  Those are so sweet (esp. w/ so many)  Do lost to take their double or, used to knock them down to 8, so you have enough to Oola them

Kashyyyk is in case they play no ships to satisfy battle order. Or give them a planet to dep to then beat them up w/ my ships (both can add a pilot). Has happined once. And If they start Crush, I wait to dep a revo til I get a WAYTTPOU. w/ 2 of these and 2 signals, thats almost as easy as getting a vader in a huntdown deck (it's like having 4, since I dont start w/ a signal). And if I get both a WAYTTPOU and a Signal, grab desired effect (probably wise advice. no SAC, and WAYTTPOU is now free).

This Deck is pretty simple. Revo everything, beat them up w/ mains. SAC is pointless in my deck w/ high destinys in this deck, and Huntdown being played all over, I'll never get a Sense or Alter off.  Battle as much as possible (especially against an ISB deck). The only weakness is SFS, but revo Walkeemi, and if they control, all their TIEs are dep. +2, and landing claws on their dreadnaughts, or other capital ships, and revo all their systems, so they drain less, etc. If needed, stick a pilot on a ship, and battle then go undercover.

Oola helps take away characters, and Yoxgit is neat tech (though everyone knows it). Get out Battle Plan, as you can afford to drain, they can't, Goo Nee Tay (HDADJ got 10 force for vader and Tarkin? Dep. Goo Nee Tay, only vader comes down, beat him up, or if oola is out, take them both away). Trans. Term. to stop visage.

The Rest (what rest?) is pretty self-explanitory. '