---
layout: post
author: ! Mike "Thunder" Rebman
title: ! "[[[((Thunder's Undefeated Rumors))]]]"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-30
description: ! 'Wins: 13Losses: 0Nuff' said.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost

Locations (9)
Coruscant
Death Star
Endor
Endor Bunker
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Kashyyyk
Kessel
Kiffex
Nal Hutta

Characters (13)
Admiral Motti
Admiral Ozzel
Captain Needa
Colonel Dyer
Commander Igar
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith  x2
Ephant Mon
General Tagge
General Veers
Grand Moff Tarkin
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand	x2

Devices (1)
Homing Beacon

Vehicles/Starships (11)
Tempest 1
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Conquest
Dengar In Punishing One
Devastator
Executor
IG-88 in IG-2000
Stalker
Vengeance
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts (8)
Main Course  x2
Ommni Box
Set For Stun  x2
Twi'lek Advisor  x3

Effects (17)
A Bright Center To The Universe
Ability, Ability, Ability
Battle Order
Broken Concentration
First Strike
Imperial Arrest Order
Lateral Damage	x2
Ominous Rumors	x2
Oppressive Enforcement
Perimeter Patrol
Resistance
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
There Is No Try
There'll Be Hell To Pay


'

Strategy: '

This deck was designed to lockdown the two Endor sites while you dominate the sky with the hunters in ships and the destroyers. It contains counters for all/most popular deck types, and can fair well against everything it comes up against. Here's y gameplan vs. certain deck archetypes

Hidden Base
-Hidden Base withers and dies against this deck. anything they throw into space can be demolished without much trouble. Security Precautions and a high number of starships ensures you a quick probe and ensure the most for lossed with Sec. Precautions. X-Wing/B-Wing swarm doesn't do much. X-Wings and B-Wing are no match for the big ships of the dark side, especially with Lateral Damages and a Homing Beacon. Spread, beat and drain. First Strike gets its full effect when against Hidden Base so be sure to take advantage of it.

Training
-Training doesn't do much. Broken Concentration combined with an Omni box basically kills/slows there training. Once you get it into hand, Set For Stun will send the trainee back to their reserve.

Revo/Choke
-There's plenty of force provided by the locations in this deck that choke doesn't hurt. This deck is packed with 2/2 + 2/1 sites which also prevent the full effect, and that allows you to drain as much as possible in space.

Numbers
-Resistance. That is all...

Profit
-Ignore them entirely throughout the game and make them come to you. Battle Order/ABCTTU/Resistance = no/low drains for them.
If they dare enter space, dominate'em

Ops
-Once again, make them come to you. ABCTTU/Battle Order/Resistance will keep their drains in check, while you drain/battle in space.

QMC
-Send some fighters to the clouds, while dominating space with the destroyers.

EPP Beats
-I was most concerned about this archetype when I constructed this deck. I needed to keep a tight lockdown on Endor while still being able to kills in space. I added a high compliment of high powered Imps. Main Course vs. Frozen Assets. Omni Box vs. tracked destinies. And Set For Stun will keep some of there characters off the table for a spell. Perimeter Control  discourages deployment directly to Endor, and if they want to get there any other way, their either going to have to use Nabrun or Docking Bay Transit. Both of which won't be very effective (IAO for Nabrun. Transit +9 force to the landing platform). Keep in space and use the drain hindering effects to hault their drains.

Anything else
-It's your call really. Start proper effect. Drain in space, lockdown Endor, ect...

Now the cards.

Locations
For this deck I chose the required locations, asked for by the objective, and locations with high activation for myself, where I could get a fairly good drain going. That's about it.

Characters
High powered Imps to defend the forest moon. Of course the usual Vader/Mara package. Ephant Mon prevents spy deployment to the Bunker/Landing Platform. Dyers great in this deck. While he's at the Bunker Ominous Rumors cannot be cancelled. Kick ass

Devices
Homing Beacon is for anti-claw and spacial beatdown.

Vehicles/Starships
Tempest 1 is excellent backup at the landing platform. Starships are all extremely powerful. Whether it be gametext, power, or forfiet, all are the difinitive vision of my space fleet.

Interrupts
Simple. Main Course is for Frozen Assets. Omni Box for tracked destinies. Twi'lek to pull vital effects. Set For Stun is anti-mains 9and anti-training).

Effects
ABCTTU is great against the opponent's single system drains. Ability, Ability, Ability is a game winner and can turn the tides of a game in an instant. Battle Order is used to bring them into space, as it also slow there drains greatly. Broken Concentration will help slow training. First strike is for retrieval (you'd be surprised to see how much you can actually retrieve in a game). IAO is Nabrun defense. Lateral Damage is great space beats. Rumors, well duh Oppressive Enforcement is great SAC defense, allowing you to keep those vital cards from being lost. Perimeter Patrol is for site defense. Resistance is #'s and high drain defense. Secret Plans is for high retrieval based LS decks. Security Precautions is a destiny 5, un-revolvable 1/0 location, which kills Hidden base. There Is No Try also helps kill SAC. And There'll Be Hell To Pay kills any vital interrupts your opponent migh be playing.

Overall, I think, this deck is a machine. Defense for most LS archetypes (has defense modified to fit my local meta), is pretty versatile, has a high winning potential, is extremely fun to play, is very inter-active when you want it to be, and can cause a high amount of damage. Please send feedback

-Thunder



'