---
layout: post
author: Alex "george3785" George
title: 'The Emperor's Summer Home on Tatooine'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-06
description: 'I got the idea from this deck from Uncle Chall's, Old School Meets New School, deck. i Changed it around a little to fit my playing style......'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting (3)
Combat Readiness
Tatooine: Jabba's Whore House (Palace)
Tatooine

Locations(7)
Tatooine: Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine: Lars Moisture Farm
Tatooine: Jundland Wastes
Tatooine: Cantina
Endor
Endor: Back Door
Endor: Dark Forest

Characters (18)
Darth Vader x2
DVDLOTS
Emperor Palpy x2
Mara Jade, TEH
Jabba The Slut
Grand Moff Tarkin
Palpy's Bitch #1 (Janus Greejatus)
Palpy's Bitch #2 (Sim Aloo)
Iggy With Riot Gun
4-Lommy with Concussion Rifle
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle
The Not-So-Good Dr. E. x2
Djass Puhr
Colonel Davod Jon
Captain Godherdt

Starships (5)
Bossk in Bus
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Devastator
Chimaera
Executor

Vehicles (2)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2

Interrupts (11)
Twilek Advisor x2
Alter x3
Sense x3
You Are Beaten
Imp. Barrier x2

Effects (10)
Presence Of The Force x2
Tatooine Occupation x2
Oppressive Enforcement
Sex Precautions (The HB Glove)
Something Special Planned For Them
Battle Order
Lateral Damage
Search And Destroy

Weapons (2)
Vader's Lightsaber
Mara Jade's Vibrator

Admirals Orders (2)
Fighter Cover x2

Strategy: 

This deck has a very good chance of beating most deck types out there. I admit, i got the idea from Uncle Chall's, old School meets New School, deck, but i changed it to fit my playing style. This deck, if played right, could be one of the best deck types out there.

Now on to the cards.....

Locations:
I picked the Tatooine Start along with Jabbas Palace. then on the first turn you go and get out the audience chamber, and an alien (hopefully Mara). Then i Have 3 good drain for 2 sites on tatooine that you want to put down when you find them. After that i Have the Endor system and 2 nice draining Endor sites.

Characters:
I have 18 of the very best characters in this deck. You prolly already know what each character is for so i dont really need to explain.

Starships and Vehicles:
All of the best. i wanted boba in his ship but i thought that he would be more helpful on the ground.

Effects:
I Love Presence Of The Force. It has always been one of my favorite cards. it helps activation and can make massive drains. I also love the occupation. it makes the opponent lose alot of force and you just need to occupy the planet, which should be easy. All the normal effects are also in here and they all have a certain purpose.

Interrupts:
I have 2 twileks so that i can get out the effects faster. S and C are in Here because now-a-days they are needed.

Weapons:
Pretty self explanatory

Fighter Cover:
This card Rocks. it helps out with your weapon destiny and your immunity. you just need to occupy the planet like tat. occ.

Thats all... I hope you like my deck and please review so you can help me out with anything.
Peace Out
Alex