---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "MadSkills84" Pistone
title: ! "Hunt Down and Mutilate the Jedi "
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-02
description: ! "This is my first posting of a deck, but here is my Hunt Down Deck.	It focuses on getting really powerful characters down and battling the opponent away."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (9)
Executor Meditation Chamber (starting)
Executor Holotheatre (starting)
Hoth Defensive Perimeter
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Tatooine Lars Moisture Farm
Endor Bunker
Endor Forest Clearing
Death Star
Kashyyk

Characters (19)
Darth Vader
Vader With Lightsaber x3
Grand Moff Tarkin
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand x2
Jabba x2
Boelo
IG-88 With Riot Gun
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle
Jodo Kast
Admiral Ozzel
Djas Puhr
Bane Malar
General Veers
Commander Igar
Dengar With Blaster Carbine

Starships (3)
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Vehicles (2)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Interrupts (14)
Evader x2
Twi-Lek Advisor x3 (starting)
I Have You Now x2
Torture x2
You Are Beaten x2
Elis Helrot x2
Sniper

Effects (12)
Visage Of The Emperor x2 (starting)
Crush The Rebellion (starting)
Reactor Terminal
First Strike
A Bright Center To The Universe
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward
Lateral Damage
Presence Of The Force x2
Security Precautions

Objective (1)
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe

Weapons (2)
Vader's Lightsaber
Mara Jade's Lightsaber '

Strategy: '

Basically you start like any other hunt down deck, except you don't play epic duel, because this deck doesn't focus on dueling.  Starting effect is Crush the Rebellion.	During your turn you take either Evader or I Have You Now from reserve, and you take the one that you don't have in your hand, if you don't have either take the evader.  When you are looking through reserve for this, look to see if there are any vaders in there, if you have one in your hand, then there should be 3 in your reserve deck.  If you only see 2 in your reserve deck, then you know one must be in your reserve deck.  I always do this to keep track of my vaders.  I try to flip my objective quickly.  I use the death star with a bright center to the universe to deal with operative decks.  The tortures are in there to deal with inserts.  If my opponent is using ground, i bring out my assault force of characters to fight him.  I try to get most of my characters at one site and elis helrot them around where need be.	This deck typically wins by big battles.  '