---
layout: post
author: ! Jared "Don_Yoda" Arthur
title: ! "Raltiir Beats"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-30
description: ! 'This deck covers pretty much any kind of deck and it never really has had any problems.  It covers odds, mains, space, and pretty much anything else.	It has a personal vendeta against Revo, but that is it.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'
Objecitve (1)

Raltiir Operations/In the Hands of the Emperor

Locations (5)

Raltiir(SL)
Raithal
swamp
forest
jungle

Characters (18)

Biker Scout Trooper x12
EPP Vader x2
Lobel x2
Dr. E
Sergeant Elsek

Effects( 13)

Bad Feeling Have I (SL)
Crush
Secret Plans
Biker Scout Gear
There is no Try
Oppressive Enforcement
There'll be hell to pay
Reactor Terminal
Security Precautions
Ability
3,720 to 1 x3

Interrupts (13)

High Speed Tactics x3
Evader
Circle
Ghhhk
Abyssal Ornament x2
Twi'lek (SL)
Boring Conversation Anyway x2
monnok
Oota Goota Solo?

Creatures (1)

Bubo

Starships/Vehicles (9)

Speeder Bikes x5
Bossk in da Bus
IG in ship
Zuckuss in ship
Fett in ship
'

Strategy: '

ok, lets begin the beatings.
First off, everything in this deck deploys for dirt, that helps.  your objective is a very cool thing.	at first you pop out troopers, they pop out bikes, you flip no later than 3rd turn.  The flip side lets you pull out any card, your battle destiny is plus 3 and sure, your opponents force drains are all minus one.

That was the simple stuff, now for the hate.  You sit there on your little planet, doing your massive drain of 3, while you pop out your planet, which helps for battle order and odds. ok, now you have 15 going for numbers, while ability and drains are going on.

Bubo takes care of a lot of stuff, anything weak dies

High speed tactics, hehe, good card.  2 things, tallen roll on the ground and destiny adder, what more could you want

Vader, he is good for hit and runs and circle, the good doctor is emotional support if needed

effects, you have all you ever wanted,
biker scout gear- pure tech
security precautions- u know what that does
bad feeling - sure, rebel or no, they won't come down that quick if Obi is deploy 9
everything else is self explanatory

I always start with Bad Feeling, other options would be Crush if they start Throne Room, or There is no Try if you think they are doing S.A.C.
Boring conversation, cancels a lot, lets just say, Gift, Skywalkers, Don't get @#$%y, SURPISE ASSAULT

sergeant elsek - permament ghhhk, enough said
The ships are cool and get the job done

This deck has never had a problem with generating force or needing force, I have won a game activating no more than 4 Force the entire game
Overall this deck is very versitle and can cover just about anything.  P.S. just watch out for Revo,  '