---
layout: post
author: Corey "Yeroc2" Kelly
title: 'My Profit Deck (complete)'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-06-26
description: 'OK, the deck didn't paste right and I was in a hurry last time, THIS is the complete deck, enjoy!'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Objective (1)
Profit

Starting (5)
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
Tatoonine: Jabba's Palace
Han Solo
The Signal
Insurrection

Characters (19)
Han Solo(different from starting)
Chewbacca
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Leia w/ Blaster
Boushh
Lando w/ Blaster
Obi-Wan w/ saber
Master Luke
Luke w/ saber (2)
Orrimaarko
Commander Evram Lajaie
Commander Vanden Willard
Biggs Darklighter
Commander Wedge Antilles
Jeroen Webb
Major Bren Derlin
BoShek
Harc Seff

Weapons (2)
Anakin's Lightsaber
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber

Interrupts (16)
Rebel Barrier (4)
The Force is Strong This One (2)
Someone Who Loves You (2)
Fallen Portal (2)
Glancing Blow
Clash of Sabers
Courage of a Skywalker
Gift of the Mentor
Weapon Levitation
Sorry about the Mess

Effects (8)
All My Urchins
Order to Engage
Frozen Assets (2)
Uncontrollable Fury
No Disintegrations!
Bacta Tank
Traffic Control

Locations (5)
Tatooine
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Mos Eisley
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94
Hoth: Echo Docking Bay

Starships (4)
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Spiral
Redemption

Strategy: 

Ok first things first, I know you can't play Frozen Assets until the objective flips, but once it does, it becomes very useful. The reason I only have another Han Solo instead of Han w/ Blaster is that I DON'T HAVE ONE! The only other choice was TK-422 and I'm not about to use that. And don't give me a bad rating just because I don't have this rare or that rare. As it is, most of the cards were borrowed from a friend.
Ok on to strategy, like I said you get Boushh out, play someone who loves you, get Han out and retrieve the force. I like to get the All My Urchins and Order To Engage, so that they are losing force to battle me, or not battle me. Fallen Portal is nice if you are at Tatooine:Jabba's Palace because you can make them lose two characters. Vanden Willard and Jeroen Webb are spies so they can deploy to the Executor to cancel Visage, or somewhere else so I can have presence. Harc Seff is It could be worse, that cant be It Worse'd for adjacent sites and comes in handy when I can't force drain at Tatooine. The starships are nice for putting someone up at Tatooine to be a battleground loss from the objective and give me +1 in battles, and its a free drain if nothing else.
Update: I have no Ben Kenobis! Also, I get just enough a week to play in the tournaments. I'm working on a job so I can buy more things, Master Luke's, packs ect. PLEASE DO NOT RATE BECAUSE OF THIS OR THAT RARE! O yea. I dont ALWAYS start w/ Insurrection, its just the one i use most
