---
layout: post
author: ! garrett "deadbody" larson
title: ! 'Deadbodys Bring hime Before me...'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-23
description: ! 'This is a pretty standard beatdown BHBM deck with walkers tramples and S/A.  It has gone 4 straight tourneys undefeated, and I would like to see what people think of it.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objectives 1
Bring him before me...

Locations5
Death Star II Throne Room
DSII Docking bay
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Yavin 4 Docking Bay
Rendilli

Characters19
Emporer
Lord Vader
Darth Vader
Janus Greejatus
Commander Igar
Grand moff Tarkin
Major Marquand
Luitenant Watts
General Veers
General Tagge
Admiral Piett
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral Chirnaeu
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Capt. Sarkli
IG-88 with Riot Gun
4-lom with concussion rifle

StarShips4
Executor
Chimarea
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Vehicles4
Tempest 1
Blizzard 1
Blizzard Walker
Blizzard 2

Interuppts17
Prepared Defenses
Trample x3
Sense x4
Alter x2
Imperial Command x4
Twi’lek Advisor
Always thinking with your stomach x2

Effects9
Imperial Decree
Mob. Points
Imp. Arrest Order
Insig. Rebellion
Your destiny
Battle Order
First Strike
Honor of the Jedi killer (forgot name)
Emporers Power

Weapons 1
Vaders Lightsaber '

Strategy: '

The goal of this deck is Turn 1 get DS2 DB, Rendilli, put Emporer or best case scenario Admiral Ozzel at DB, put out Emporers Power, then depending on your hand either save the few remaining force or draw them.  Turn 2 now you will get at least 9 force, pull one of the other docking bays put down a walker and a pilot or 2 (if possible) and move Palpatine to the Throne Room.	Draw remaining force, or save for next turn.  Turn 3 pull Last docking bay, and get characters there as soon as possible, now Imperial Decree is in effect, so they get no drain bonuses, and no revolutions.  Through this you should be using the imperial commands to pull characters, unless they have wise advice on table or are saving 3 force, then save any imperial commands to use for battles.  Once you take over the 2 DB’s with walkers and are holding at least one trample, use the rest of you characters as a beatdown squad, Vader and Tarkin should stay together, eitherr to draw out Luke or to burn your opponent of 3 per turn.
     This deck has stood up well to many different deck styles, and is very flexible.  as I said it is undefeated since the Minnesota Grand Slam in a very competetive enviornment.  I don’t have any aliens in the deck (incl. Mara) because A gift will screw over this deck, the destinys are low enough that subtracting 2 from each is bad, and the drains are low enough that subtracting one will hurt it.	Any comments or questions are appreciated.  This deck never wins by a ton (usually 15-25) but it does win very consistently.

'