---
author: Martin "Mart" Akesson
title: 'New Age Throneroom'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-10
description: 'This is a good deck. Served me well in worlds.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

locations (8):

throneroom
spaceport docking bay
hoth docking bay
home one docking bay
home one war room
ecco war room
rendezvous point
yodas hut

characters (17):

Luke Skywalker
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight X2
Han with blaster X2
Leia with blaster X2
Obi-Wan with lightsaber X2
Wedge Antilles
Jeroen Webb
Lieutennant Blount
First Officer Thanespi
Admiral Ackbar
Major Haash’n
Taws Khaa
Melas

Weapons (2)

Anakins lightsaber
Lukes lightsaber

Starships (2)

Hone One
Lando in Millenium Falcon

Effects (11)

Staging areas
Insurrection
Wise advise
your insights serves you well
what are you trying to push on us? X2
Order to Engage
Goo Nee Tay
Revolution
Honor of the Jedi
Battle Plan

Interrupts (20)

Heading for the medical frigate
Sense X3
Alter
Contro
Clash of Sabers
Rebel Barrier
Tunnel Vision X4
Shocking Information
The Bith Shuffle
Keep Your Eyes Open
I Know
Skywalkers
The Signal
Weapon Leviatation X2



Strategy: 

This is a mains decks that relies on huge activation fast. All dark decks have problems with fast mains decks, if they have the right counters.

always start throneroom. always start insurrection and staging areas. the third effect varies depending on what you face.

bring him before me

start wise advise, it gives you protection from his sac. start by pulling home one docking bay and farm boy luke from reserve deck. this gives you at least six force from yourself in your second turn. if you draw a 2/0 or opponenet gives you some force to turn 2 the dark player may be thinking twice before deploying some lone guy to the docking bay for activation (this applies to all decks that use dockingbay activation) in fear of a spy-beatdown. when vader hits the table, deploy the generic dockingbay and move luke there along with some other heavy guys. in a bhbm deck opponenets ground force will probably concist of vader, emperor, mara and some other minior guys. with your guys occupying one battleground emperor wont move there, and he will loose a big deal of his ground force. you should be able to handle vader and mara with your other guys, weapon leviatation helps a lot here. in late game when you start to move around, revo his endor or death star docking bay, and he will be locked. order to engage is a game-winner late game. meta against bring him before me is lost in the wilderness, fallen portal and possibly captive furry. push alter and any recycleable or forcelightning.


rops

even if rops wont bee too big after that ass-card ounee ta its good to know how to play against it. this deck should not have a problem with ops, no matter what kind it is. start battle plan. get your guys to raltiir fast, with the home one docking bay this wont cost you much. he will have to concentrate on his ground force, and will therefore not be able to drain due to battle plan. flip him back with one of your starships, and kill him off with order to engage. rops is a good matchup and you dont need to meta against it. push alter and any recycleable or forcelightning.

hunt down

hunt down will be big now after JPSD. This deck was built before, so i suggest you change some cards that are good against hunt down. lost in the wilderness is good, and some dueling protection can be nessessary, even if jedi luke is kind of good at dueling. start your insights serves you well, and go for honor first round and hope he hasn’t got no escape in his hand. if he does, it still subtracts from forcedrains. they will not be able to deploy vader first turn, so look for goo nee tay and revolution with your tunnel visions/signal. otherwise just play it like you play against any other mains deck, but use obi-wan carefully. weapon leviatation is a killer card against this deck too. Push alter and masterful move.

TIEs

TIEs is an easy matchup. Start battleplan or wise advise. only 2 ships? so what? home one is the starship against this deck. you start by activating 4 force (if he plays set your course start). Get any guy to his docking bay the first turn. later set up drains with luke and obi, and possibly leia with saber. stick a few pilots on home one (be sure to get haashn), and go to waklemui. ties wont beat you down now. stick pilots to home one and get order to engage out. TIEs will have activation problems against this deck since you dont give away any force at all, and they will have to play for battle plan, and pay extra for the ties. i have never lost to TIEs with this deck. Push all power to weapons and some recycleable.

Court

Start wise advise or battle plan. Play defensivly. get your activation going. court usually dont get too much force, and once you are ready get all your mains down at one site and start following him. order to engage is a killer here too. dont play to aggressivly, loose to his objective a few turn, and then set up a stable groundforce instead of rushing in to battles to early. i made this misstake against Steven Brentson, and i learned for it. watch out for the rancor!!

that all decks im gonna cover for now, here are some card explainations:

Farmboy luke - to get first turn against bring him before me. can also be used to deploy and then just replace with jedi luke and saving 5 force for a beatdown. first turn luke with saber is good against any deck.

Ackbar - deploys for 2 to home one docking bay, so you get him out the first turn. also searches for haashn which is a must for home one, or thanespi.

Thanespi - deploys for 1 to home one. good pilot on home one.

Revoluiton - I only play one, since its a waste against set your course decks. Very good against many other decks though, specially those that rely on docking bays. revo DS2 or endor docking bay and he will feel how it is to move for 8 force. can also be used instead of a spy for a beatdown at a docking bay. with signal and tunnel visions, one is enough.

Goo Nee Tay - very many play big guys this days. this card is very good against those guys. first turn against BHBM means no first turn emperor and then DS really is in trouble. Also M’yom onith protection.

Weapon Leviatation - a key cards you really need to win battles nowdays. or to get sabers when you need them. or in worst case, recycle a 4. never take one of those out.

Tunnel Vision - 4 may seem a little much, but you will need them! with you huge activation, picking basicly any card in the deck is nessessary, and you have many key cards against certain decks.

Obi-Wan with saber - I play this one istead of Ben, because if i used ben i have to use the tatooine dockingbay, + probably his saber. ben with saber is more versatile.

Home one - i will dominate space with this ship. I dont have to waste my mains in space, i just use this one with calamari pilots on it. This ship alone can take out the entire dark spacefleet. relatively cheep to deploy too with the home one war room.



It is very easy to meta with this deck, so when you know about what you will face, this deck is very strong.

cheers,,,
/Martin Akesson

