---
layout: post
author: ! Jake "NeDraco" Rich
title: ! "New School Rops"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-28
description: ! 'I’ve had this deck for a long time and it seems to keep getting better. With the release of Death Star 2 this deck is just going to get better and better. In the list I might tell you why I put some cards in just cause I feel like it and because a r'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Dark Side (New School Rops)

Starting(4)
Raltiir Operations/ ITHOTE
Raltiir
Twi’lek Advisor
Security Precautions (I have always liked starting with this card for the extra force generation)

Characters(17)
DVDLOTSx2
GMT
Major Marquand
Admiral Ozzel
Sergeant Wallen
Admiral C.
Commander Igar
Mara Jade THE
Colonel Davod Jon
DS-61-3
Biker Scout Trooperx3
Imperial Commander
4-LOM
U-3PO

Starships/ Vehicles (12)
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Boba Fett in Slave One
Dengar in Punishing One
IG-88 in IG-2000
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Chimera
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 6(it’s the best scout common it deploys as a react for 1 and reacts for free)
Blizzard 2
Speeder Bikex3

Weapons(2)
Mara Jades Lightsaber
Vaders Lightsaber

Effects(8)
Reactor Terminal
Secret Plans
Lateral Damage
Presence Of The Forcex2
Expand The Empire
Royal Escort
IAO

Interrupts (10)
High Speed Tacticsx3
The Circle Is Now Complete
Sense
Alter
Controlx2
Voyeur
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down (Cancels 6 different cards and gets around Wise Advice)

Sites(7)
	Spaceport City
	Desert
	Forest
	Swamp
Hoth Wampa Cave
Dagobah Cave
Coruscant
'

Strategy: '

Basic Strategy
I always start Security Precautions because I like the extra force activation on the first turn and later on in the game. But any how you want to obviously want to flip the objective ASAP I find that using the Biker Scout Troopers are the best a flipping early because the can react to sites to help defend and I can play High Speed Tactics to get a extra battle destiny or smash a vehicle to the ground. The three most important <> sites to get out are the Forest, Desert, and the Spaceport City cause once you get established you want to pull the Imperial Commander and Expand The Empire. Play them both to the Spaceport City and that gives you a nice bonus in force drains. Ummm&#8230; the rest of it is pretty basic after your settled go crush the rebellion.

Theme Strategies
Vs. You Can Either Profit By This/ OBD
Flip ASAP and pull Secret Plans and go attack characters while draining constantly. Also don&#8217;t start with Mara at the Audience Chamber cause 9 out of 10 time Mara with die and you will have to lose more force then you have too.

Vs. Hidden Base/ SWSTYF
You are already starting with Security Precautions so you don&#8217;t have to worry about pulling it. But you must must must flip the objective ASAP cause this deck has a hard time fighting off very heavy space decks like that, the ships are there to pick off weak targets or prevent them from amassing a fleet. So save the ships in you hand or do as you see fit but once they flip their obj. deploy ships and start probing. If you get the base good for you and at this point it&#8217;s pretty limited on what they can do.  But get out Secret Plans out cause they are probably playing with All Wings Report In.

Vs. Massassi Base Operations/ OIAM
Well what can I say, Flip and then go take over Yavin with Vader, Mara, and GMT. If an attack in space presents its self exploit it.  The odds that they will blow up the Death Star are very slim.

Vs. EBO decks
I don&#8217;t know why but this deck tends to rip them apart. Leave Hoth alone but set up your drains fast because I find that that is the key to winning because EBO is so card intensive. Play Secret Plans to hinder their retrieval and pick off their lone ships.

Vs. Throne Room mains
Well you want to get as much force activation as possible and this is the only deck that I would change my starting effect against so I would make it a Presence Of The Force, deploy it to the Throne Room that way you can deploy straight to the throne room and make you opponent divert their forces from draining to trying to get you out of their throne room. Other then that there is not much you can do except keep a sense ready and waiting to sense their Smoke Screen or stuff like that.

Thanks for the Review -Jake
'