---
layout: post
author: ! Phillip "Karrdeshark" Aasen
title: ! "Phillips X-wing Hive"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-11
description: ! 'An X-wing swarm.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objectives1
Hidden Base/ Slippery Hands

Characters2
TK-422
Boussh

Starships15
Lando in Millenium Falcon
Red Leader in Red 1
Red Squadron X-wing x3
X-wing x10

Weapons3
X-wing Laser Cannons x3

Effects15
Haven
Rebel Fleet x2
Traffic Control
What Are You Trying To Push On Us? x2
Legendary Starfighter x2
Honor of the Jedi (starting)
Wise Advice (starting)
Do,  Or Do Not (starting)
S-Foils x2
Projection Of A Skywalker x2

Interrupts16
Power Pivot x2
Direct Assault x2
Organized Attack x4
Hypoer Escape x2
All Wings Report In x2
The Signal x3
Heading For The Medical Frigate (starting)

Locations8
Rendezvous Point (starting)
Kessel x2 (HB indicator)
Sullust
Aquaris
Yavin IV
Kiffex
Mon Calamari '

Strategy: '

In Response To Reviews  Great Idea  Okay, replace the second Rebel Fleet and Legendary Starfighter with a EPP Luke and a YISYW or a Draw Their Fire

This deck is played like an X-wing swarm.  You are trying to rule space and drain.  Dont flip if they play Sec. Precautions or if they play TIEs or other Space because they will deploy and probe which falls in the category of a bad thing. The reason I play six systems is just incase they drain away so you can still flip. I dont worry about the ground that much because between Rebel Fleet, Proj. of a Skywalker, TK-422/Boussh and Systems will slip through your fingers game text, I think I can hold their drains to a managable amount.  Dont use S-Foils every turn because then you cannot Hyper Escape away if you have weak spot.	If they engage you in space,  use an organized attack or two, which isnt unique, along with S-Foils to give each X-wing power of 6 or 7 and immune to attrition. If they play with fighters, cut them to bits with the cannons. If they play SDs,  Power Pivot+Direct Assault will slaughter them.  I think I can beat most of those TIE decks out there and even D in Punishing One+Z in MH cant stop five power6 x-wings that come to join the party.  Any deck that relies heavily on the ground is going to have to attempt to out-drain me in which case you flip ASAP and drain him for all your worth.	If they play a mix of both, whump them in space and they will fall.  I wont give you the matchups because I think anyone knows how to play most of the major decktypes out there and doesnt need a lesson from me.  Im not saying this deck is worlds caliber, but I think it could do well in a tournament.  Thanks for reading and rating this deck	'