---
layout: post
author: Douglas "Douglas" Harvilla
title: 'Vader Versus The Jedi Place Your Bets'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-20
description: '  Stomp, choke, and pummel the Light Side while Lando wins back all your lost force.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective:

Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe

Epic Events (1):

Epic Duel

Locations (7):

Executor: Meditation Chamber
Executor: Holotheatre
Executor: Docking Bay
Cloud City: Casino x3
Cloud City: East Platform

Characters (17):

Darth Vader x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x2
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Grand Moff Tarkin
Lando Calrissian x3
Commander Igar x2
Sergeant Irol
Corporal Drelosyn
Sergeant Barich
Officer Evax
Lieutenant Cabbel
Lieutenant Arnet

Devices (1):

Vader's Lightsaber

Starships & Vehicles (7):

Boba Fett In Slave 1
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1
Blizzard Walker
Speeder Bike

Effects (8):

Imperial Arrest Order
Crush The Rebellion
Reactor Terminal
Battle Order
Blast Door Controls
Resistance
Visage Of The Emperor x2

Interrupts (18):

Twi'lek Advisor x2
Cloud City Sabacc x5
Evader x2
Sense x2
Alter x2
Hutt Smooch
Masterful Move x2
Monnok
Ghhhk  

Strategy: 

  This is a strong revision of an earlier experiment with Hunt Down and Sabacc.  Imperial Arrest Order gets out the Docking Bays to get an early flip, and also drives up the forfeit value on those 2-ability Imperials.

  Walkers and tough Imperials give this deck all kinds of hitting power on the ground, while the bounty hunter ships dominate in space.  Especially if you use docking bay transit to get Vader back to the Meditation Chamber first.

  If you rely on Deckmaker for card text, you won't understand why Blast Door Controls is in here.  Simple.  It cancels Rebel Barrier, Blast The Door Kid!, and Narrow Escape, along with the rarely seen Into The Garbage Chute, Flyboy!  Useful card.  Use Deckmaker to toy with ideas, but don't rely on it to tell you what the cards do.  Many entries are inaccurate.

  The deck starts with Epic Duel even though there are no dueling interrupts. I don't like giving away free information on my deck before the game even begins.  It is NOT a waste of a card slot, it is a constructive use of a card slot.  I've played Hunt Down for over a year non-stop, and know this to be true from experience.

  Two copies of Igar along with Tempest 1 and a Blizzard Walker make it easy to get two battle destiny draws.  The unique biker scouts can add another and take down the opponent's a notch.

  This deck should trash Hidden Base and Bothawui Ops.	Three ships may not seem like an HB-smacking fleet until you take Sense, Alter, Monnok, Battle Order, and Sabacc into account.	Adding more ships is a brute force approach which there really isn't room for.  Finesse your way through and you should be fine.  Standard mains and toys decks shouldn't do much better against the walkers and Crush The Rebellion.   