---
layout: post
author: Alfred "ThaBraHmaBuL" Dong
title: 'I call it Black Death'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-29
description: 'TIE Interceptors for all thier worth, fast speedy, with retrieval and all.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Start(5)

Death Star
Prepared Defenses
Combat Response
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points

Locations(6)

Executor: Docking Bay
Wakeelmui
Kashyyyk
Sullust
Kiffex
Endor


Characters(7)

Darth Vader w/ Lightsaber
U-3PO
Baron Soontir Fel
Major Turr Phennir
DS-181-3
Commander Merrejk x2

Starships(16)

Saber 1
Saber 2
Saber 3
TIE Interceptor x8
Dreadnaught x3
The Emporers Sword
The Emporers Shield

Admirals Orders(2)

Fighter Cover x2

Interrupts(11)

All Power to Weapons x4
Short-Ranged Fighters
Twilek Advisor x2
Imperial Barrier x2
Masterful Move
Ghhhk

Effects

Dreaded Imperial Starfleet
Lateral Damage
Presence of the Force x2
Sienar Fleet Systems x2
Oppressive Enforcement
There is No Try

Weapons(5)

SFS LS9.3 Laser Cannon(SE) x5








Strategy: 

The concept behind this deck is simple......Blast em, rack em, and smack em for battle damage. Drain for hell and hope they make the fatal mistake of coming after you.

Some Death Star II cards and others explained:


TIE Interceptors: Why not use TIE/Ln? Check out I'll Take the Leader.....with that around, Im not about to have 0 power TIES floating around. These guys are nasty....you can boost thier power to 7 each easy, and they can fire the Cannon twice per battle.

Fighter Cover: Just in case they play Admirals Orders, convert em. It also lets you redraw weapon destiny to insure 2 lost ships, and adds 3 to your power to smack down the remaning ship.

Baron Soontir Fel: This goes without saying that If you need to beat down some LS ships, hes The Rock. Adds a battle destiny and increases your total, hes awesome.

Turr Phennir and 181-4: Early game, theyre gold....self drawers, immunity and can survive more than a few battles. Late game, they give lots of support to your squadrons while you chase them down, they can stay and drain.

Ghhhk: A lone TIE, Merrejk, Vader, whoever.....if youre gonna get smacked, make sure its for nothing. Grab it with Masterful, or draw it up for security.

Commander Merrejk: Grabs systems and can occupy the docking bay 1st turn to generate more with Mobilization Points.

Mobilization Points: Grab Wakeelmui, and generate more early game with the docking bay.


Some clues against:

Y4 Throne Room: Whatever they throw at you, you can smash. If they come down with Wedge on you, they just bought themselves alot of trouble. Most Throne Rooms dont have battlegrounds, and will have no choice but to come after you. Lateral Damage, shoot down thier starfighters, and call it game.

Profit: Speed Profit will give you your closest games, this eats up all other variants. Set up for fast drains with Merrejk for systems, Presence, and TIEs everywhere. Use Vader wisely, send Threepio to the Cantina. Retrieve when necassary, and use Starfleet to stop thier drains.

HB: This deck has the hardest time coming after you......set up for fast drains, and start hunting when they start coming. HB will grab systems FOR you, and you can set and drain for a few turns before they start to flip. Shoot down the wings, and smash the capitols. Easy game.


Any questions, d-mail me BEFORE you review it. Thanks.


Alfred Dong
The Brahma Bull
