---
layout: post
author: ! Brian "HuntaWarya" Hunter
title: ! "Hidden Mains done RIGHT aka where is that weather vane"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-29
description: ! "Inspired by the High Destiny Hidden Mains used by Kyle Craft in Arizona.  Modified to be Hunter-Style mains."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (8)
Rendezvous Point
Corellia
Corulag
Dagobah
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Home One Docking Bay
Tatooine Docking Bay
Cloud City Docking Bay


Characters (15)
Ben Kenobi x2
Epp Obi-Wan
Jedi Luke x2
Epp Luke
Epp Leia x2
Epp Han
Captain Han Solo
Tawss khaa
Orrimaarko
Melas
Kalfalnl Cndros
Lt. Blount

Starships  (4)
Home One
Millenium Falcon x2
Spiral

Interrupts  (21)
Courage of a Skywalker
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Weapon Levitation
Fall of the Legend x3
Throw me Another Charge x3
On the Edge x2
Off the Edge x2
Surprise Assault
Fallen Portal
Sorry About the Mess
The Signal
Transmission Terminated x2
Rebel Barrier
Clash of Sabers

Effects  (9)
Do or Do Not
Wise Advice
What Are You Trying to Push on Us?
Bacta Tank
Order To Engage
Insurrection
Staging Areas
Honor of the Jedi
Menace Fades


Weapons  (2)
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber
Anakin’s Lightsaber

Objective  (1)
Hidden Base/Systems will Slip Through Your Fingers


'

Strategy: '

Response to reviews  Thanks, Kevbozzz, for one of your funniest reviews ever.  heh-heh

As mentioned above, we originally saw this strategy utilized by Kyle at the Mega Weekend.  The deck did not perform all that well for him, but I was sure that it had potential.  Van started using the decks in tourneys, and I had the opportunity to playtest it a few times.  I decided yes, it has potential.  So I went ahead and built my own version for tournament use.  After my most recent report, 3 people asked to see the deck when they reviewed the report.  4 other people sent me d-mail asking to see it, so here it is.  As with each other deck I have posted to this website, this one is battle-tested in sanctioned tournament play, and has never lost a tournament game.

The Hidden Base is Corellia  Shhh  don’t tell anybody	And nope, no matter how many times you play Fall of the Legend, you will NEVER find that elusive Weather Vane

Starting Setup  Start the Rendezvous point, with Corellia as the Hidden Base Indicator (shhhh)  Play Heading for the Medical Frigate, and pull whichever effects you want.  You have the following to choose from  Wise Advice, Do or Do Not, Insurrection, Staging Areas, Menace Fades.  Only the Insurrection is really mandatory.	The other 2 are situational, dependant upon whatever you feel is needed for each particular game.

Early Game  Pull Dagobah/Yoda’s Hut on turn one, if it is there.  If not, you can settle for Corulag, and try for the Hut on turn 2 instead.  Get the Home One War Room on turn one, followed by the others.  If you started Staging Areas (or have drawn it) then you can start putting people down for extra activation.  KalFal is the only character I would deploy to the Home One docking bay on turn one.  anyone else is not really worth it on turn one.  After the first couple of turns, be very careful with your docking bays.  Don’t just leave chumps at the docking bays and expect to not get beaten down.  Make sure you at least have battle destiny.  And a fallen portal or rebel barrier would be nice too.	If you can’t meet these requirements, then consolidate your forces.  Don’t lose a game to an early Mara Jade.

Mid-Game  Get your big guns out to the docking bays, and either pound whoever is there, or wait for someone to show up.  If space is a factor in the game, wait for han and leia to show up for your falcon.  if space is not a factor this game, then you should be able to hold corulag with just Home One.	Cycle your 6’s back into your deck whenever you have two copies of the same one.	(so as not to get monnoked)  Mid-Game strategy for this deck is pretty simple.	It’s a battle deck, with plenty of good red to help you, so go out and battle.

Late Game  Use your recyclable 6’s for guaranteed lightsaber hits, big battle destiny draws, and no-risk on/off the edge.  recycle.  battle.  recycle.  retrieve.  recycle.  battle.  sounds complicated, right?  No?  Well, it is actually even easier than it sounds.

Card Selections
Honor, TT x2, AND courage?  Yep, Hunt Down is a pain, so I’m ready.  It can be real tough to maintain 3 battlegrounds against a high-destiny deck designed to battle both in space and on the ground.  So Honor is excellent.

Do or Do Not, Wise advice, AND the grabber?  Yeah, I happen to really like my interrupts and effects.	Some people say that wise advice/a grabber is adequate.  others say that just do or do not, is the way to go.  I am not convinced.  I refuse to sit by and let my opponent cancel my cards at his convenience.	So I always play the entire ”Anti-Sac trio”, if I have no SAC of my own.  And I use the Signal as well, so that once I have some of my cards, I can play the signal to go get whichever one is missing.

Surprise Assault  Who is that in the Audience Chamber?  Jabba, Mosep, gailid, and Chall bekan?  okay, lose the game please.

Sorry About the Mess  With a cycled 6, epp han hits the Emperor.  Not tracking just yet?  you should at least be able to hit tarkin with a lightsaber.  furthermore, I hate U-3PO.

Kalfal  Free Staging Areas charger on turn one.  Great with the Bacta Tank.  Can pilot either Home One or the Spiral.	Routinely reduces your opponent’s destiny to zero unless they draw 6 or higher as well.

Blount  6 forfeit, spy, and a pilot.  Great for canceling Visage early.  Can also lead a beatdown crew into your opponent’s docking bay, if they were NOT as careful as they should be.

Possible additions  Worried about ties?  Play I hope she’s alright.  Worried about Scum?  Play Aim High.  Worried about Ralltiir?  Play Ounee Ta.  Worried about the Responsibility of Command combo?  Toss in the Hoth docking bay.  Worried about dueling?  Play glancing blow.  worried about inserts?  Play Your Insight Serves You Well.  With minor meta adjustments, this deck is ready to conquer anything.

Other cards you could consider  I know.  Punch It.  Lando w/ Vibro Axe.

Some sample matchups

vs. Dark Deal	Once again, you will have to let the ds have the sector.  it just isn’t worth it to put the falcon in there.  Challenge them at the bespin system instead, using the falcon with home one, and the bacta tank if you are lucky.  Occupying 4 bespin locations will be easy enough, since Ben and friends can transit over to your CC docking bay to help out.  So Dark Deal should stay off the table.  Since your destiny draws are so much higher, you should be able to eventually wear them down.  Menace Fades can help if they DO get Dark Deal set up faster than you thought they would.

vs. Hunt Down	You can use menace fades to stop their bonuses.  Pick your battles carefully.  If the fight is not in your favor, then wait until it is.  This will cost you some cards, but your retrieval can get them back.	Get your characters out and run around, while you wait for your battle cards to show up.  (weapon lev, fallen portal, clash of sabers, sorry about the mess, etc)  Bacta Tank can be great in this game.  This is not a bad matchup for you, but it can go either way.	the superior player will often win.  Be very aware of what your opponent is doing, because Hunt Down decks will often be tracking high destiny too.  But they usually have to give you indications, so if you pay attention, you will know what turns they are ready to rock you, and which turns are the ”off turns”.  You have 8 6’s in your deck, and numerous 4’s and 5’s, so you have a better chance of setting up 2 stacks of good destiny than they do.  Fight smart and they will run out of characters before you do.

vs. Ties  As always, ties just hate super falcon/order to engage.  don’t retrieve at every opportunity, do it when you need it.	if they point man your OTE, get it back, and then signal for it.  Put it back out, and watch them cry.	They will not be able to just put a tie at every system, and drain you out.  you WILL contest them in space, which means that they will HAVE to deploy the beat-down brigade.  and once they do, surprise assault can cost them the game in a single turn when they try to drain again.  Both decks have retrieval.  Theirs is easier, but yours lasts longer.	Bacta tank is great in space, especially with Kalfal.  use her to reduce their destiny to zero, and then forfeit her to the tank for battle damage.  As usual, do what it takes to find your grabber, so you can snag All Power to Weapons.  This match is much easier than beating hunt down, and you should be able to walkover ties.

vs. Ominous Rumors  Menace Fades is just too good.  They won’t be able to keep presence at every battleground system, so you should always have one to run to for menace fades.	There will be battles on the ground, and in space, but there is just too much difference in the kinds of battle destiny you’ll be drawing.  You may want to grab imperial command if you think they are using it heavily, because the falcon will be the key to eliminating all their big blue.  another relatively easy matchup.

vs. Scum & Villainy  Everybody knows that controlling the Chamber is the key to victory.  But with 4-lom, and iggy, and all those fools running around, taking charge of Jabba’s romper room can be a tall order.   Especially if ephant mon is making it hard for you to bring whoever you want to the party.  Don’t come to the chamber early unless you can really bring the noise (epp luke plus Ben Kenobi or something obscene like that)  Otherwise, stay out at Jabba’s Palace (where you can threaten them with Fallen Portal) and drain for a couple.  Use Corulag to set up Menace fades which can take the bite out of the Gailid drain, and force them out to you.  Then you can rock ’em.  The most important thing to remember is that their deck really wants the battles to take place on THEIR turn.  that’s why they play barriers, so they can disarm/sniper on THEIR control phase, and then battle you, and retrieve with first strike/S&V.  if you can turn the tables, and make them come to YOU, then you have advantage.

And now, the matchup you’ve all been waiting for

*drum roll*

vs. BHBM.......(dramatic pause)......who?  what?  where?  AUTO-WIN.


enjoy the deck.  thanks for reading.

Brian Hunter
'