---
author: Maarten "PIET" Rossou
title: 'Maarten's ewoks'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-03-20
description: 'Ewoks baby! Real deck title Maarten's terrible revenge of the big bad unchoke-able fuzzy hairballewoks. part II'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Start (3)

Endor: Chief chirpa's hut
Endor: Rebel landing site
Carefull Planning

Sites: (3)
Back door
Landing platform
Dense forest

Red stuff: (19)
The signal
It's a trap x3
Balanced attack x2
Nar shaddaa wind chimes x2
Uncontrollable fury
Civil Disorder
Bargaining table
Mech. Failure
We're you looking for me x3
Fallen portal x2
Transmission terminated x2

the dudes: 35
H'nemte x2
Kazak x2
Ithorian x3
Ewok sentry x9
Daugter of Skywalker x2
Romba
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk
Wuta
R-3po
Corporal Kensaric
Graak
Threepio x2
Luke with lightsaber
Wicket
General Solo
Obi-wan Kenobi
Obi-wan with lightsaber
General Crix Madine
Logray
Chief Chirpa
Teebo 

Strategy: 

Comment on yavin 0006: I can drain for 13 a turn, with the sites out on the fourth turn plus civil disorder, by then, if my opponent hasn't come to endor yet, he's pretty much dead. Also, if my opponent spreads, my mains (which in that case aren't needed at endor) will come with a beatdown.



Ewok strategy:

The beginning is pretty obvious, 4 force for you, 1 for your opponent and rebels and droids deploy -1. Some decks tend to start with yarna, but with 9 sentries and not many monnoks in my area i dont. Even if you play against monnok, yarna isn't really needed because if they monnok you for about 2 ewoks max, they have ignored your drains, and they die.
The reason that there are only 3 extra sites is wuta. With 2 balanced attacks, chewie, crix madine and a wuta, you'll get him pretty quick. With balanced attack, you can search for premiere obi, general han and general solo, that's why i have included 2.

What you basically do is reinforce your sites, with a unique ewok everywhere, 1 or 2 sentries in your hand and the rest strategically deployed as reacting backup.
Your opponent can do 2 things: Ignore endor, because he has heard of ewoks with tremendous power. In that case, drain him to death. The second option is: he comes to endor, because he has heard of ewoks draining for a lot from top (graak = mini mosep). In that case, battle him to death, cuz the stories are true, believe me.

What do we have more?
It's a trap. When you are in a battle which isn't good, for example nemet or arnet is coming with vader and tarkin and you cant draw more than one destiny, use it. Also usefull for cancelling a sniper on your unique ewok in opponents control phase.
Uncontrollable fury. This card isn't in it for the damage, thats only the second option, but for not allowing tarkin to cancel. Because in that case, an attrition of 12 isn't likely to be overcome by the bad guys.
We're you looking for me. I have included 3, because against vader/tarkin or jabba/boelo (musicians!) you need to draw more than one destiny. Also a good recyclable 5, and against u-3po, fetch r-3po.
Fallen portal. With pretty high destiny in the deck, kill 'em!

Against specific decks:

Big Blue.
Your power and drain capacity, together with the speed of which it happens usually is enough to beat this type of deck pretty easily.

Ralops.
If its a slow ralops, try to get a hnemte there soon, followed by kensaric and a scout. Together with your speed, you'll win.
Against a quicker flip, get your ithorians to the sites, drain, pick your battles with your mains and if that's not enough, hope that he will come to you.

Hunt down.
Cancel visage, and for the rest, see big blue.

ISb.
This is a pretty tough one, but with the ithorians and your mains you can win.

Against battle order:
Some people might think this card kills the deck, but you activate enough to drain.


General remarks:
Just try it and have fun with it. Read the ewoks for a change and find a force-generator, a minimosep, a minitarkin and more..
This deck played 10 tournament games, winning 7 and losing 3. It beat people from 4 different regions in 3 weeks. It lost against Corulag ops manipulator, because he scanningcrewed my mains away and i didn't get graak. I only lost by 6, which was one turn in the drain race.
It also lost against isb-drop'drain, cuz he got like 8 sites in 3 turns, al with an isb agent. And it lost to Martin Schumacher throwing a thermal detonator, drawing 2,4,2 and played surface defense on a 2, resulting in 6 dead ewoks.
It won against hunt down, isb, jabba's palace aliens, cloud city dark deal and Ralops.

That's about all there is on ewoks, hope you will enjoy them!	 