---
layout: post
author: Ryan "IG-99" Hamre
title: 'Simplicity'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-12
description: ! 'If you have the inclination to take a jolly speculation at the cards actively involved in my Ralltiir Operations deck, and rate it before exhaustively studying the untarnished analysis of my unflawless deck, then resign from this active circle of ideologi'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (9)
Carida
Executor Docking Bay
Hoth Ice Plains
Hoth Wampa Cave
Kashyyyk
Ralltiir
Forest
Spaceport Docking Bay
Spaceport Prefect's Office

Characters (18)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
AT-ST Pilot  x3
Colonel Davod Jon
Commander Igar
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
DS-61-3
Emperor Palpatine  x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Janus Greejatus
Lieutenant Arnet
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
Officer Evax
Sergeant Major Bursk
Sim Aloo
Zuckuss

Starships (6)
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Devastator
Executor
Vader's Personal Shuttle
Vengeance

Vehicles (6)
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 5

Interrupts (9)
Alter
It's Worse
Masterful Move
Monnok
Operational As Planned	x2
Prepared Defenses
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
Twi'lek Advisor

Effects (11)
Come Here You Big Coward
Expand The Empire
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Lateral Damage
Mobilization Points
Oppressive Enforcement
Overseeing It Personally
Relentless Tracking
Something Special Planned For Them
You Cannot Hide Forever

Objective
Ralltiir Operations/In The Hands Of The Empire '

Strategy: '

Hey, being a Ralltiir Ops fan, I thought I would submit my deck. I think this is the best ROps deck I have ever played, so sit back and enjoy. Also destiny draws are kick ass, lot's of 3's, 4's, 5's and a lot of 6's. Well here's the low-down.

Starting (6)
Ralltiir Operations/In The Hands Of The Empire
Ralltiir
Prepared Defenses
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
You Cannot Hide Forever (or another Effect that would hurt him more)

If you have Carida in your hand on the draw take Executor, otherwise take Carida from your reserve and deploy it on your first turn. If your have a REALLY bad day then you may draw both on the draw, but then that's cool because it's the rest of the effect that you really want anyways. Well first turn deploy Carida, DSIIDB and Spaceport City. Second deploy Spaceport DB and Spaceport Prefect's Office in-between the two. If you get ability 4 characters, or 2 characters that equal an ability of 4, get control of the 2 DB's. This means a +4 force per turn.

-*-*-*Meta*-*-*-

I have Carida in instead of any of the other listed cards for 3 reasons 1. I have a trooper so I can at least retrieve him to 2. It's an awsome place to put Lateral Damage 3. People say "OH NO He can move over to Ralltiir and prevent a flip." So, you deploy some wicked power ships and beat the crap out of him. Also, the chances that he gets starships even to Ralltiir before your second turn are super-slim. That's right, your second turn, no beating around the bush here, because that's the average time it takes to flip. Emperor Palpatine x2, get him to Ralltiir and lose YCHF to search for Overseeing It Personally. Get Expand The Empire on Spaceport Prefect's Office. This means that all Imperials on Ralltiir are power and forfeit +3, and if he has an ability <3 his power is +3 and forfeit +5. HEHEHEHE. Feel the power of the Dark Side. At this point in the game you may not even want your AT-ST Pilots in AT-ST's, you want them as warriors, not pilots. All drains are +1 when you get The Emperor on Ralltiir. If you like reading the comic book "The Darkness," tap your knee and e-mail me. lol, that rhymes. I have certain cards to get everything that doesn't effect your opponent out of your hand. This can be made possible with Operational As Planned and Janus Greejatus. Operational As Planned is also a re-cyclable 5, meaning easy to stack. Alter is for that annoying Goo Nee Tay that your opponent plays, or any other effect not immune. Because of all the super-high power ships for the Light Side I stuck Lateral Damage in.

My choice in starships and why I chose them. Vengeance, Power 8, Destiny 2, I would much rather pay 1 extra force for the chance at drawing the 2 instead of the 1 on the average ICSD. Imperial Class Star Destroyer for all you who couldn't make the connection. Executor, it's easy to deploy with this deck, also it's a fall-back card if you draw Carida into your opening hand. Devastator, no comment. Vader's Personal Shuttle, easy deploy (2), PP w/ an ability of 2, and has a Destiny of 3. The PP of 2 is the great thing, you don't waste a pilot character in space to draw destiny, instead you deploy Vader's Shuttle and draw destiny, also it gives you the destiny of 3 until Vader's shuttle comes into your hand. Dengar In Punishing One, if you don't know the power of this ship then I'll offer to buy all your SW Cards, because you need to retire. And the last ship, Bossk In Hound's Tooth, adds a battle destiny, has ability of 2 and power of 7 and deploys for 8, great card. If you have a beef with my ship selection, so sue me.

Have you ever had a force drain screwed up by a Undercover Spy? I think we all have, so I added Relentless Tracking, deploy it on the spy and he'll lose 2 force from that instead of the drain. Yes, I have scouts... all my AT-ST's. Make it hard for the opponent to retrieve with Come Here You Big Coward. On the average 4th or 5th turn you are activating anywhere from 12-16 per turn, depending on what the opponent gives you. Oppressive Enforcement, It sucks to lose cards. I'd rather have all canceled Int. and Eff. go to my used pile. You're probably wondering why I have Sergeant Major Bursk, right? Well, I have the Hoth sites for the force bonus and Imperial Decree against EBO, so what better character on Hoth than him. Also, he deploys anywhere, is a Leader and has a destiny of 3, making him useful on Ralltiir as well. Be picky about what you lose during the game, cause your not gettin it back, unless the opponent makes you retrieve, phat chance that happens. It's Worse is in because it really pays off when someone uses the common It Could Be Worse, and it is a destiny 6 that can be useful under certain circumstances. I have 1 Twi'lek Advisor to pull effects and not have to pull needed effects using flipped ROps. You Cannot Hide Forever is in for the search for Overseeing It Personally and anti-numbers. Something Special Planned For Them is the main card that makes sure that they aren't retrieving the cards back that let them retrieve, also it really screws him over when you get the drop on him and he tries to react away. Also when you're chasing him around the galaxy (literally) with high power ships, it costs a lot more for him to run. Well there you go, enjoy.

If you would like to liberate some exorbitant or irateness aggression caused by the excursionist or moronic nature of this faultlessly written document, then unveil your intellectual exasperations to your Psychogenesis Annalist or my Electronic Mailbox located on the World Wide Web. In Layman's Terms. If your pissed cause you think I did a sh**ty job on my deck, fu** off or email me.

My Addres is--IG_99@swcards.com

All you people who use DeckMaker can go to BeeRocks site and download my priceguide. It has all Scrye median prices. Long-Live DeckMaker'