---
layout: post
author: Joshua "Stormcrow" Grace
title: 'Youll Never Find My Hidden Base'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-25
description: ! 'Just another undefeated Light Side deck, using Hidden Base and Insurrection for quick activation, then controlling the game with mains and effects.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'(always starting)
Hidden Base
Rendez-Vous Point
YAVIN IV
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Insurrection

(locations 5)
Home 1 DB
Echo DB
Endor
Dagobah
Yodas Hut

(characters 14)
Farmboy Luke
JK Luke
Luke w/Saber
Obi w/Saber x2
Boushh
Leia w/Blaster
TK-422
Capn Han
General Calrissian
Nien Numb
Wedge Leader
Tycho Celchu
Lt. Blount

(weapons 2)
Anakins Saber
X-Wing Laser

(ships 5)
Tala 2
Red 6
R2-D2 in R5
Red Squadron 1
Gold Squadron 1

(red 27)
Whatre You Pushin? X2
Signal x2
Projection x2
The Force is Strong w/This One x2
Frozen Assets x2
A Few Maneuvers
Legendary Starfighter
Advantage
Order to Engage
Courage of a Skywalker
Squadron Assignments
Wise Advice
Bacta Tank
Shocking Info
HotJedi
Out of Nowhere
Aim High
Weapon Levitation
Insight
Strike Planning
Traffic Control
Punch It

(admirals orders 2)
Ill Take the Leader x2 '

Strategy: '

This deck is currently 16 - 0, with the majority of wins against players with
higher ratings than me. Thats my proof that it can win.

Do NOT play this deck if you cant track destiny A couple key destiny adders
should ensure that you win battles if you are tracking your destiny, but you
will lose if you draw low destiny in battles. (On the other hand, if you can track
destiny, you might be able to have Jedi Luke stare down Vader piloting
Blizzard 1, while flanked by Blizzard 2 and Tempest 1, and end up pulling off
Advantage.)

Note this deck was designed to be played before Sealed Jabba. HotJedi thus
was meant to kill Visage, etc., until my opponent occupied three
battlegrounds. Then, I would make life difficult for him over at least one of
those battlegrounds.

Starting. Always start Insurrection, and the other two effects vary.
Typically, youll want Strike Planning and Squadron Assignments, though
against Hunt Down, youll swap out Squadron Assignments for Insight (to get
HotJedi, of course). Against a deck where you might suspect heavy SAC, start
with Wise Advice instead of Squassin. The start of Insurrection, Strike
Planning and Squassin affords the quickest set-up, but the deck can
accommodate some changes if you need to make them.

The idea is, quite simply, to reduce their drains to zero, or as little as
possible, through the use of Projection and spies. What you cant prevent,
you block with power. Eventually, your opponent will have to fight you
somewhere, and you should manage to get out Advantage or Legendary
Starfighter. If your opponent refuses to fight, you should get in
nickel-and-dime drains and hit him with Order to Engage.

Match-ups

Vs. Hunt Down. I tested this deck several times against my own, very strong,
Hunt Down deck, and this deck came out the winner more often than not. You
dont give away any force early, so the Dark Side takes a bit longer to set
up, allowing you to get something to a battleground and scrap Insight for
HotJedi. You always have to play smart against Hunt Down, but if theyre
dueling, make certain your Luke has a lightsaber. And get Courage into your
hand before you deploy. Also, start tracking those 5s and 6s, getting them
to the top at any point you might be dueled.

Vs. BHBM. Use Luke w/Saber for the suicide hits until Vader gets
to a battleground, and then give him JK Luke. If youre lucky, maybe someone
will leave Sim Aloo at a site before Vader comes to play, and Luke w/Saber
and Force is Strong can annihilate him. Use Frozen Assets to stop Imperial
Barriers. Track your destiny (in 3s to stop Sim from bugging you), and you
should win the duels, meaning that your opponent should start suffering 1
force each turn as soon as Luke is on their side. Dont lose battles.

Vs. Ties. Ill take the Leader and Whatre You Tryin to Push? will
annihilate Ties. Your opponent wont drain for much. Get a main to one of
their docking bays to add to your force drains, and just battle them to
death. Aim High also helps.

Vs. Scum. Frozen Assets to stop Imperial Barriers. Make certain you beat them
down--not the other way. You have limited characters, so you cant afford to
have many captured. Projections will stop their drains for quite a while, and
HotJedi will stop the pain from the Court 0 side. If they put Gailid out,
simply slice him. Push their Projective Telepathy, Imperial Barrier, Hidden
Weapons or None Shall Pass.

Vs. Endor Ops. Thank your opponent for the early activation. Start the usual
three effects, and get Lando in the Falcon to Endor early. Back him up with
Wedge, Luke, etc. Use Projections to block drains of one, and land characters
in their ships to block bigger drains. HotJedi, once you get it, will stop
the pain from Perimeter Patrol, but deploy en masse, so the beat-down doesnt
come your way the next turn.

Vs. Anything else. Use Projection, spies and power to stop their drains. Get
out your unholy trio of direct damage (Legendary Starfighter, Advantage,
Order to Engage), and pick away at their life force.

Of course, this deck is dead now, or would need major tweaking, with the
advent of Jabbas Sealed. But when you rate it, keep in mind that it was
designed to be played before Jabbas Sealed. And if you *actually review* it,
give me some suggestions on how to make it work in the new post-Jabbas
Sealed environment. Thanks.

Joshua Stormcrow Grace
'