---
layout: post
author: ! Markus "Lone Gunner" Wuest
title: ! "The best offense is a GREAT defense"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-11
description: ! 'big blue TatOcc with a twist'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (9)

D Cave
Death Star
JP Audience Chamber
Tatooine
T Cantina
T JB
T Jundland Wastes
T LMF
T Mos Eisley

Characters (20)

4-Lom with CR
Adm. Ozzel
Boba with BR
Cmdr. Igar
Dannik Jerriko
Danz Borin
DV with LS
DV, DLotS
Djas Phur
Dr. E.
ds-61-2
ds-61-3
ds-61-4
Gen. Veers
GMT
Iggy with RG
Jabba the Hutt
Mara Jade
Niado Duegad
Bubo

Vehicles/Starships (10)

Blizzard 2
Dune Walker
Tempest 1
Boba in S1
Bossk in Bus
Dengar in P1
Dreadnaught HC
Victory Class SD x  2
Zuckuss in MH

Interrupts (5)

Combat Readiness
Imperial Barrier
Twilek Advisor x 3

Effects (15)

Bad Feeling have i
Battle Order
Come here you big coward x 2
Knowledge and Defense x 4
Resistance
Security Precautions
Tatooine Occupation x 2
Therell be hell to pay
Imperial Arrest Order
Traffic Control

Weapons (1)

Mara Jades LS '

Strategy: '

The best offense is a great defense - hmm ??


This is a version of a deck I played some time ago.
I always felt it has some potential. Lets give it
a try. It's only the second attempt, please be patient.

Starting stuff would be Tatooine plus combat readiness
and oc Jabbas Palace. It gives you good activation and
the ability to pull out the AC. The other locations in
the deck are for obvous reason. Cave and D* for the activation
and the other Tatooine locations for setting up the Occupation
and for draining purposes.

Basically it's a straght big blue occupation. Try to get out the
locations. Gather a fleet at Tatooine. Secure the ground with walkers
and characters - you know the story Nothing too tricky. I really
like the VC SD because of their hyperspeed and their bonus in ground battles.
Along with Tatooines game text it gives you some power boost. There are
many pilots and ships in there to make sure the occupation last long enough to
win the game. With the bh ships and the imp. navy it shouldn't be a problem.
If your opponent tries to battle you on the ground, just throw the big stuff at
him and win by pure power advantage. You cant win the attrition war because
the destinies in this deck suck.

Vs. Hidden Base (numbers/swarm/mains)

That's a good machtup for the deck. Against a x-wing swarm deck, just get the early
drains going. Play fast Get Sec Prec out and go for the hidden base. Once he flipped
its time for your fleet and start probing and get the ships to Tatooine
for the occupation. Even if you don't find the base on your frist tries, the occupation
hurts. If he drains a lot in space, just insert K&D. Along with Come here you big coward
he drains for zero if it comes up To make sure he has to spend force to drain get Battle
Order out. Against numbers get the K&D and Resistance combo going, drain and occupy.
Hb mains is hard. Most of the time they will go for the EPP hit squad. To prevent the big hit (btw great movie)
and to give you some time to prepare your forces to strike back, insert k&d and the barrier
to give you the time you need. To prevent the nabrun smackdown use IAO. Against mains let your
opponent make the first step, then counter with beatdown.

Vs. ops (or any fast draing deck)

Key is to get battle plan/k&d/come here you big coward combo going This should
give you the time to get the drains and occupation going. Keep inserting k&d If this combos
runs, you will win the game as he drains for zero.

Vs. Proft

As the Objectice resolves first, you convert his Palace and then on first turn the ac.
This causes activation problems for your opponent giving you the advantage to establish your
position on tatooine.

I don't want to in detail for evey decktype you may face. This deck runs on k&d with
resistance and Come here you big coward to counter your opponent. Theres enough power in
this deck to clear taooine. Just stick to Tatooine and drain and occupy, k&d will do the rest.
If order to engage/bo shuda/narrow escape are big in your area, put in Blast Door Controls (works well
with rebel barrier too) and Point man. Heavy sac is 'only' a problem for your twiliek advisor,
but It can be crucial, because you cant search for the important effects. Grabble sense and play a well timed
advisor Against scramble (see above) or just pop all you pilots in walkers, chanceling the effect.
Maybe exchange Dennik for First Strike. I know thers no spy protection except bubo - but its
not very common in my region to play that many spies

That's all,  have a nice one and please be patient
'