---
author: Justin "H2O" Desai
title: 'Speeders but no opps Version 2.0'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-07
description: 'Took alot of your suggestions to heart, and ignored them! (j/K:))Deck is now alot more balanced and can hold it's own against allmost any deck.  Before it soley relyed on beatdown, now it can win without beating up the opponent.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Start(4)
MWYHL
Dagobah
The Signal
Yarna

Locations(7)
Yoad's hut
Bog Clearing
Training area
CC Downtown
Entrance cavenrn
Jundland wastes
Back door

Characters(12)
2x Epp Obi
2x ASP droids
2x Epp Han
2x Epp Leia
Luke Skywalker
Yoda
ECC Chewie
ECC Lando

Vehicles(16)
10x Rebel Speeders
3x Sandspeeders
3x Snowspeeders

Starships(2)
Gold leader
Red Leader

Devices(2)
Landing claw

Jedi Tests(1)
Great Warrior

Effects(7)
Battle plan
first strike
frozen assets
man flaps
at peace
aim high
Uncontroable fury

Interupts(9)
3x The signal
2x transmission terminated
2x hoijx
surprise assault
effective repairs 

Strategy: 

{update}	Wrote down First strike, which is of course A DS card, should be Draw their Fire, it's LS counterpart.  Also Farmboy Luke is in There because he protects the flaps, low deploy and extra activation.	And speeders do not "suck"]
{updae #2}  For some reason I wrote down Houjx 2x, that was with the old deck, have since added in Ultamatum and Mech failure.}

Ok This is a world class deck.	First off many people have been telling me to add in traning, I have and it's worked very nicely.  Many people have been telling me to take out the ships and claws, I won't take them out, in a close game they have won me many a game.
On to the stratagy, it's pretty easy to see what this deck does, try to beat the opponenet down with 4 and 5 power speeders.  And it does that, If the opponent goes to an exterior site, bottom line, you will win the game in one battle.  If the opponent goes indoors or plays all space you will still most likey win unless the opponent knows exactly what he's facing.
Against a Rumors Deck(It's hardest opponent) you train Luke as fast as possible and attach claws to their drain at Endor and Kiffex.  They will lose if they don't come out and fight, and when they come out and fight you end the game in a battle where you have something like 40-50 power.
Dark Deal was a problem but i fixed that by adding in testing, now it's a snap to beat dark deal.  SFS is a good matchup, things will most likey go pretty even and it will be a drain  race, but since he will have alot of cards on table(SFS decks usually do) battle plan will help alot.	Battle plan will minimize his drains of 1.  And what puts this deck over the top against SFS is Surprise assault.  A well timed SA with tracked destinies can cause 10-12 force loss for a SFS and swing the game in your favor.
HHDTJ is no problem, almost all versions of it have exterior sites, and as I said , exterior sites=win for u.
Ral opps this deck pounds into the ground.
Court is a decent matchup but most likely they'll drop characters early for you to smash.
ISB train/ then beatdown.
Numbers, get three battlegrounds out as soon as possible then out drain them.

On to the tech:
Aim high, w/6 cahracters will built in blasters you'll most likey get a 5 power bonus in many battles.  Esp. good if you do have to go indoors and fight. Also comes in handy against SFS.
effective repairs, retrieves u. fury and frozen assets.  A good card.
Luke, protects Man flaps from being cancelled
Yoda's hutt, really comes in handy when you have to battle, the -2 attrition is great when you only have to lose a speeder instead of an EPP.
DTF/FA, you know what this does

Also don't tell me I lack drain potential, because this is not true.  Add up my drain potential vs. DS drain potential whenm they can't drain at exterior sites(cause I'll kick their ass if they go there)
Also I've tested so bonuses are gone, and I've got two claws, drain races are almost always won by me.

Trust me fellas this is a goooooood deck.  Ask me questions about it if you don't understand it.  Thanks.   