---
layout: post
author: Josh "bosh2k" Jacob
title: 'ISB.....what more is there to say (on coruscant!)'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-21
description: 'ISB, played on coruscant. Pretty simple.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective: (1)
ISB Operations/Empire’s Sinister Agents

Location:(9)
Coruscant
Coruscant: Docking Bay
Coruscant: Imperial City
Coruscant: Imperial Square
<>Spaceport City
<>Spaceport Street
<>Spaceport Docking Bay
<>Spaceport Prefects Office
Rendili

Characters:(18)
5D6-RA-7
Admiral Ozzel
Chall Bekan
Corporal Derdram
Corporal Oberk
Corporal Vandolay
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Lieutenant Renz
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Officer Evax
Outer Rim Scoutx2
Sergeant Tarl
Navy Trooper Vesdin
Sergeant Torent
Emperor Palpatine
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus

Starships/Vehicles:(8)
Conquest
Executor
Chimaera
Thunderflare
Tyrant
Devastator
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Effects(13)
A Bright Center To The Universe
Imperial Arrest Order
Oppressive Enforcement
Reactor Terminal
Resistance
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
Sunsdown
Undercover X 2
Mobilization Points
Imperial Decree
Overseeing It Personally

Interrupts(11)
Twi&#8217;lek Advisor X 2
Sneak Attack X 3
Hutt Smooch
Sense X 2
Alter X 2
Monnok	

Strategy: 

Basic ISB. Start with Coruscant and sunsdown, deploy your spies for free! Once you have the objective flipped, always have 4 ability at a site, and no more than 3 characters. If it isn’t obvious, focus on coruscant, don’t let you oppenet get there and kill you. Remeber, if you control the system, rebels cxan’t deploy to the planet. (read the system game text!) If your oppenet comes to battle, you got some sneak attacks to add to your destiny. With the emporer and his bros at a site, the drain is fine, save the agents and leave them alone. Save Darth for a surpriseing back-up, and unless you get Mara right away, save her too. Always keep track of all the force drain bounses you get in this deck, they are everywhere. And with all the ships, you should be able to keep Menace Fades under control, just never let them control a system, even if it means sacraficing a ship. The ships have a high enough forfeit to suck it up, and the drains you get are huge. Use sense and alter mainly as defenses against their sense and alter, but cancel all those really sucky effects/interupts. With all the heavy space drain decks these days, undercovers aren’t too necesarry, but they can come in really handy at times. By stopping your oppentes drains at all costs and only getting off two or three turns of really good drains, you’ll win hands down.
I wanna add that i retired this deck after a god draw for an opening hand: 4 sites, 4 agents, flip first turn, draw right away! Hopefully it will happen to all you how play this deck. Godd luck, and continue playing. 