---
layout: post
author: Blake "Zurai" Senn
title: 'Secret Base Operations'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-06-15
description: 'Speed EBO w/ A New Secret Base.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Starting Cards (4):
Hoth: Main Power Generators
Hoth: North Ridge
The Signal
A New Secret Base

Locations (10):
Hoth: Defensive Perimeter
Hoth: Echo Docking Bay
Hoth: Echo Corridor
Hoth: Echo Med Lab
Hoth: Echo Command Center
Endor
Kashyyyk
Yavin 4
Corulag
Kiffex

Characters (7):
Commander Luke Skywalker
Derek 'Hobbie' Klivian
Zev Senesca
Commander Wedge Antilles
Princess Organa x2
Mon Mothma

Starships (14):
X-Wing x8
Red Squadron X-Wing x3
X-Wing Assault Squadron x3

Vehicles (4):
Rogue 1
Rogue 2
Rogue 3
Rogue 4

Weapons (5):
X-Wing Laser Cannon x3
Power Harpoon x2

Effects (9):
Wise Advice
Echo Base Operations
Incom Corporation
Echo Base Garrison
Traffic Control
Docking And Repair Facilities
Rebel Fleet
Haven
Reflection

Interrupts (7):
Organized Attack x3
The Signal x2
All Wings Report In x2


Strategy: 

Having always liked to play Light Side space decks (to the point where I made several Hidden Base decks before Special Edition was even out!), I positively drooled over the new Echo Base Operations helpers in Third Anthology. Previously, you were nearly required to play with at least 12 or 15 Echo sites and many cheap characters if you wanted to play Echo Base Operations with any speed. Despite popularity for a time immediately after Hoth came out, the inefficiency of the deck took it away from the tournament scene for several years. Now, A New Secret Base lets you search for all the sites you need, the systems to drain at, and the other two most important effects in the deck: Echo Base Garrison and Echo Base Operations. Garrison in turn allows you to download characters to occupy the 3 sites you need for Operations. On average, you will be able to bring out Echo Base Operations on turn 3 (turn 2 with a good draw).

Once you've done that, you're home free. Deploy your cheapened X-Wings to drain at systems (downloaded with Secret Base). Use The Signal to deploy Rebel Fleet (to cancel force drains), Incom Corporation (to boost the power and ability of your basic X-Wings),  or Haven (to reduce deploy and fortify Yavin). Mon Mothma and Princess Organa are excellent characters to deploy to the Echo Command Center; both provide wide-ranging effects on the game, in addition to adding to your power on Hoth. The Rogue Squadron snowspeeders provide ground power and a chance to knock out invading Imperial AT-AT walkers.

What's that? Worried about the new Dark Side Objective, Set Your Course For Alderaan, blowing up Hoth? Fear not; with all of your sites out, you subtract 7 from their total Commence Primary Ignition destiny, enough to rain on anyone's parade. If nothing else, you'll slow them down and give your massive space drains a chance to get rolling. And if you can get to that Death Star, it's a drain of 5, a very tempting target.

Specific Deck Matchups:

Hunt Down:  Simple. Put Luke on Rogue 1 and keep him at the North Ridge. Visage does nothing but speed the game along (since it hurts both sides equally), and Vader can't duel Luke if he's inside a closed vehicle (not present at the site).

RalOps:  The Drain -1 bit won't be too harsh, you'll still outdrain them. What you need to watch out for is the destiny +3 or 4 from the objective; that's an extra X-Wing each battle! Keep your X-Wings and Speeders well equipped and take out as many ships/vehicles as you can outside of destiny draws. Watch for Decree; they'll have to control 2 systems - don't let them! If you do, you'll drain for a grand total of 1 force at Kiffex. Be aggressive.

Court: You'll lose one force each of your turns the whole game, no real way around it. Try not to let it get to yoou and just go for the quick EBO. Independant ships won't help much against Cannons and 1-deploy 4-power 2-ability X-Wings.

Numbers: Control the North Ridge and a system to satisfy Battle Order, then just drain like mad. Use your Effects nad Leia liberally to shuffle the Numbers down to the bottom.

SYCFA: As stated above, they won't have a very good shot at Hoth (destiny -7 and 7 force to shoot), so they'll try to out-muscle you in space. Don't let them bully you around. Keep X-Wings recycling through your deck with the Squadrons and use them to cancel drains. Whenever you get the chance, deploy an X-Wing beating on lone ships or ones escorted by fighters (that can be blown up w/ cannons).
