---
layout: post
author: Dan "Mystikal" Christy
title: 'Mystikal Court'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-16
description: ! 'Probably a garden variety Court, but I like it. Tim Guzman is the one who hooked me on this play style. Go fig.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Court Of The Fatty

Great Pit Of Carkoon
JP Audience Chamber
JP Dungeon
Tatooine DB 94
DS2 DB
Rendili

Dengar in P1
Zuckuss in MH
Bossk in HT
Boba Fett in S1
Jabba’s Space Cruiser

Bubo

Jabba The Hutt
Epant Mon
Boelo
IG-88 with Tazer
Mara Jade
Dengar w/MAC-11
Jodo Kast
Chall Bekan
2x ORS
Cloud City Engineer
4-LOM w/text canceller
Ree-Yees
Dr. Evazan
Brangus Glee

Jade’s Cutter
Mandalorian Armor

Ghhhk
Monnok
Hidden Weapons
2x Projective Telepathy
Prepared Defenses
2x Imperial Barrier
Evader
Operational As Planned
None Shall Pass
Shocking Revelation
Combat Rediness
Point Man
Twi’lek Advisor
Dark Maneuvers
Masterful Move
It’s Worse

Hell 2 Pay
Search and Destroy
Mobilization Points
Secret Plans
Oppressive Enforcement
First Strike
There Is No Try
Crush The Rebellion
2x Scum and Villainy
Battle Order
Security Precautions

'

Strategy: '

starting get all your objective stuff out and use Combat Readiness to get Tat DB 94. Just kidding. C’mon. Prepared Defenses for Mobil Pts., Oppressive Enf., and a situation suited effect. (Secret Plans for Profit). Pretty straight forward. Battle on Tatooine and fight selectively in the stars. A strong retrieval engine makes your ships highly recycle-able. I have Dengar and Him in Ship because both versions are way too useful in this deck. Jodo Kast is Phat. Clash is still around in my area, therefore, Crush is in the deck. Revo has been coming back too, lookout. The Armor will make guys have armor of 5, lightsabers are less threatening. Hidden Weapons is just Icing for the collective cake.

Basic Pull Rendili from reserve. Activate, pull DS2 DB with your objective. Staff it and get generation up. Take a loss the first turn. Next turn, Take the Audience Chamber. From there, set up Scum And Villainy and battle and retrieve constantly.

vs. HB
Wait for the flip and put out Sec. Pre. Don’t try to find the HB. pick out a couple of systems and probe. Then you will take NO battle damage and can battle and retrieve constantly unless they run. then you get to drain. If they don’t flip and come at you with mains, then just capture Ben and Luke via Hidden Weapons or cap ’em w/ Dengar and let Evazan kill em. Should be fairly easy.

vs. Profit
Start Chall and Boelo and grab the Engineer. Convert the AC. Your ability to capture will deplete their usually limited cast of characters. Bubo can dispatch Han and a variety of spies. Your constant retrieval should prove to be too much and the Rebels will be the ones who are destroyed.

vs. Operatives
HUH?

vs. MWYHL
Careful Attrition can be costly. they’ll suffer from Court and S&D. Capture whomever chooses to fight you. that will limit the suicide mains. HOTJedi will usually be nullified since 3 battlegrounds are easy with this deck. Super Falcon is to be attacked only as a retrieval method. Wait until you have a Projective Telepathy and a place to run to, or a Ghhhk. Beware the Barrier. Play carefully and you should have this one.

vs. any sort of Eloms
HAHAHAHA Superior power and high retrieval make this a horror for the Eloms. Dengar will be a menace. Keep him alive and eloms will die. Careful of the Fallen Portals though. Bo Shuda and OTE provide a problem, so bubo is some minor relief. Maybe add a sniper too.

vs TIGIH
DON’T DEPLOY MARA JADE Let Luke have his site. Unless you can track a destiny to shoot him w/Hidden Weapons, or with Dengar and Dr. E, let Luke Play where he wants. He will be a menace. Hidden Weapons with a 6 will kill him. Don’t Capture him. You will Lose This will be a hard match but you should be strong with mondo retrieval, which I can’t stress enough.



D-mail me with any questions, and enjoy the deck.

'