---
layout: post
author: ! Danny "Skuff D" Rider
title: ! "Dark Dealing Bikers"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-11
description: ! "Standard TDIGWATT with some sweet gametext from biker scouts that assures the opponent will pay heavy to do battle with you on CC."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Obj(1)
 TDIGWATT

Locations (7)
 Bespin
 Cloud City
 CC Carbonite Chamber
 CC Security Tower
 CC Interrogation Room
 CC Downtown Plaza
 CC Port Town District

Effects (11)
 Secret Plans
 All Wrapped Up
 Cloud City Occupation
 All Too Easy x2
 Bounty x2
 Dark Deal x2
 Crush the Rebellion
 Broken Concentration

Interrupts (10)
 Evader
 Twi’lek Advisor x2
 Hutt Smootch x2
 Imperial Barrier
 Any Methods Necessary
 Jabba’s Through with You
 Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us
 Oo-ta Goo-ta Solo?

Weapons (2)
 Vader’s Saber
 Mara Jade’s Saber

Starships (9)
 Dengar in Punishing One
 Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
 Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
 Dreadnought x2
 Obsidian 7
 Obsidian 8
 OS-72-1 in Obsidian 1
 OS-72-2 in Obsidian 2

Characters (20)
 Boba Fett CC
 Grand Moff Tarkin x2
 Darth Vader with Lightsaber
 Darth Vader, Lord of the Sith
 Mara Jade
 4-L0M with Concussion Rifle
 IG-88 with Riot Gun
 Danz Borin
 Jabba
 Lyn Me
 Jodo Kast
 Ree-Yees
 Feltipern Trevagg
 Ugnaught
 Sgt. Wallen
 Sgt. Irol
 Sgt. Barich
 Sgt. Elsek
 Corporal Drelosyn
'

Strategy: '

The standard TDIGWATT strategy presides. Start Broken Concentration against MWYHL and against anything else start Any Methods to pull the prison and a hunter of your choosing. Always start with the CC chamber. This insures that All too easy will not be wasted and the early activation is critical to this deck. The bounties are added for the eventual needd of force retrieval and along with CC boba fett (who does have his uses here) I can bounty a spy, smooch them and retrieve +3 force. This hurts if it's Boushh or TK-422 in a HB deck or possibly Profit.
The basic capture cards are in, destiny is high and the ample supply of imperial/alien combo assures that my draws will be satisfactory. I enjoy playing with the All Too Easy because quick force loss is attractive to me. Add two sabers and a DD at the carbon chamber and a drain of 5 is very hard to ignore. One battle and a quick slashing of a saber and the opponent loses 8 force instead of 5 to a drain. I added the interrogation room cause draining with prisoners is extremely fun, especially if it the site is place between the chamber and the prison.
Why the Biker Scouts? Read their GT and you'll understand. their perfect for cheap deploy, quick Dark Deal and possible CC Occupation and then move them together and they can hold a site on their own. (Beware of the Obi-Wan Kenobi However.)
This ddeck is very simple and focuses on power heavy and those beautiful drains. It may not be original but I did try to add my own flare to it. Also I needed to be put into active mode and this was the only deck I felt I could trust to post. I'd like to add a Search and Destroy for extra force loss and a grabber and I replaced the executor for an extra Dreadnaught but I think the deck holds well on it's own for the most part. Please offer constructive criticism. '