---
layout: post
author: ! Weather "hookem" Boy
title: ! "Chadra-Fun is the One"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-16
description: ! "This deck applies serious beatdown, force drains and abuses the hell out of the new JPSD cards."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting stuff (7)
Agents In The Court/No Love For The Empire
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine Hutt Trade Route
Yarna D’al Gargan
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Do or Do Not
Uh-Oh

Locations (7)
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City Lower Corridor
Endor Back Door
Jabba’s Palace Entrance Cavern
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Tatooine Mos Eisley

Characters (32)
Arleil Schous  x2
Ben Kenobi
Bothan Spy
Chadra-Fan  x19
Geezum
Kabe  x2
Lando With Vibro-Ax
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Rennek
Soth Petikkin
Tessek	x2

Starships (1)
Home One

Interrupts (10)
It’s A Trap  x3
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes  x2
Rebel Barrier  x2
You Will Take Me To Jabba Now  x3

Effects (3)
Bargaining Table  x2
Bo Shuda
'

Strategy: '


I toyed around with this deck for some time before JPSD came out, and, while strong, it had two major weaknesses Poor activation at the beginning, and Monnok. The new Objective solves these problems and more. Here are the benefits Agents in the Court confers on Fan decks

1) No longer do you just have to start the Audience Chamber as your lone site. Adds another 2/1 site to the mix. Huge.
2) Bulletproof Monnok protection from the get-go. Huge.
3) In addition to the 12 or so retrieval you got from Nar Shaada, you now get an additional force a turn. What a bargain
4) Additional power in every battle (avg. 4) at a Tatooine site.

Ok, so now this deck is a contender in my humble opinion. Here’s how it’s played

Pull Bo Shuda first turn with Uh-Oh. Your first priority should be getting Kabe to the Audience chamber, which you can do with You Will Take..., pulling one of the 2 Kabes, or with Soth Pettikin if you draw him instead. Then get Tessek, then Rennek (Bubo). At the same time feel free to find Geezum. This will get your 3 other Tatooine sites from the reserve deck.

The other sites? They all allow you to drain for 3 a turn. For those of you math types, that means even with ISB or Raltiir going, I get drains of 2.

Soth Petikkin? He’s the man. He pulls a Fan every turn.

Two Bargaining Tables? I’d rather have 2 Tables than 1 Signal/1 Table.

Two starting effects? Wise Advice isn’t needed here. It opens up a slot and there’s not a third effect I really need to start here.

KEY TO THE DECK The beatdown is unbelievable, not to mention cheap. Deploy Ariel to a site and the 5 Fans in your hand drop for free. Pull one more with Ariel and deploy it for free. That’s 19 power (25 in the cantina). Did I mention that all of that cost you 4 force to deploy? And your little guys are forfeit 5. They’re ugly, too, but we’ll forgive them that.

Want to know what’s annoying? Peek. Peek. Peek. This is *incredibly annoying* and you basically see the opponent’s hand. If they have no characters (or few), put a Fan at each site and drain like mad.

What to do against some decks

TIEs Out drain them (easily), out-retrieve them, and the game is yours.
BHBM Take Luke before him, and then laugh all the way to the bank.
Manipulators Manipulate this
Raltiir Sorry, I didn’t know the +2 to deploy did NOT apply to Chadra Fans. No one’s going to be playing this anyway with Ounee Ta out.
Hunt Down Ok, I don’t like Hunt Down. Which is why the Bothan Spy and several of his biggest Fans will be visiting the Executor and applying some serious beatdown. Thanks for the drain sites, Darth
ISB A strong ISB ground deck will suck. This is an even up game, but they will be very, very wary of spreading because of the beatdown potential. Your retrieval ought to swing the game.

One concern If you believe Power of the Hutt will be played in your area, be wary of its ability to download Ephant Mon. This is currently not a popular archetype. However, it is easily addressed by pulling Ben Kenobi and a Fan for Tedn Dehai and Figrin D’an. These guys are also downloadable via You Will Take..., and Tedn can cancel Ephant Mon’s gametext, which would otherwise prohibit Kabe from deploying or moving to the Audience Chamber. And this adds another sprinkle of retrieval. As if you needed it.

Thanks for reading this far. This is a fun deck, and, more importantly, one that will catch your opponent off guard. That’s the way I like it.

Eric Berger





'