---
layout: post
author: James "Major Jimbo" Falco
title: 'A Profit deck like no other!!!!'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-23
description: ! 'Ive been fooling around with profit for quite a while. I absolutley love it and you will too after you read this'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations(5)
Tat Audience Chamber
Tat Jabba’s Palace
Tat DB 94
Spaceport DB
Endor Landing Platform

Characters(22)
Ben Kenobi x2
Master Luke x2
Lando with Blaster x2
Boushx5
General Solo x2
Chewie with Blaster x2
Asp-707 x3
Elom x5
Orrimarko
Tawss Khaa

Interrupts(15)
Sense x4
On the edge x3
Alter x2
Rebel Barrier
HFTMF
Fallen Portal
Nabrun Leids
Clash of Sabers
Someone Who Loves you

Effects(11)
Projection of a skywalker x2
Strike Planning
Staging Areas
Insurrection
Goo Nee Tay
Honor of the jedi
I Hope She’s All Right
Traffic Control
Mantellian Savrip
Your Insight Serves Me Well

Weapons(6)
Ewok Catapult x3
Obi’s Saber
Anakin’s Saber
Luke’s Saber

Objective
You Can Either Profit By This/Or Be Destroyed '

Strategy: '

Just so everyone knows before u read this there are only supposed to be 2 Boushes not 5.

With the new additon of Death Star 2, many players are using Hidden Base.  At first i tried that out myself, but with the number of tie decks, i found Hidden Base not only to be boring, but inconsistent as well. I then moved on to Profit and immediately fell in love with it. However there were a few things i did not like.  Activation, Freeing Han, and Retrieval.

Activation- I solved this problem by adding Db’s, insurrection to get them all out, and Staging areas for the massive activation.

Freeing Han- This was the biggest problem. If they controled to Ac you were screwed. To aid this i added someone who loves you and more characters which makews it very easy for a first turn flip. I also added Strike Planning which is an awesome addition to this deck. If by any chance you do lose a han, you wont be out of action for long. Just pull another one from your reserve deck and flip it right  back

Retrieval- How many Profit decks do you know of that have a steady retrevial engine. I didnt like Tatooime celebration so i decided to use the Asp, Catapult, On the edge combo. Not only can this save games, but it can also tack on a few handy extra points to your diff. Against secret plans just pay the extra 6. With all your activation its not a problem. Against CHYBC just occupy two sits and thats that.

How to play it
 I start with the AC, Jabba’s Palce, HFTMF, Staging Areas, Insurrection, and Strike Planning. Against BHBM and Ties use Your insight serves me well instead of Strike Planning to pull honor and I hope she’s all right.  First turn, pull Tat DB 94 and the other Gen solo using Strike Planning to have him ready. Try to flip as quik as possible.  With 22 characters it shouldnt be a problem. While you look for Db’s check out your reserve deck. Try to put Ben w/ Han inside the ac.  Next trun drop the spaceport db and continue to fortify your sights. When your ready to retrieve, pull the endor landing platform.  By now you should have an asp droid and a catapult.  Not only can you use this for a hefty 7 in a beatdown, but with on the edge this is amazing.  This deck is not only undefeated, but it hasnt won by less than 21 yet.

Deck Strategies

Against BHBM
This deck has faced BHBM me twice and has won both games by over 30. Free han as quik as possible, and get the asp/ catapult combo going early.  Fortify ytour sights heavily and dont put out luke. Start with YISMW instead of Strike Planning and pull honor rigth away to stop your destiny.  Theyll come to you so just be ready with a few mains a eloms to put them away.

Against Rops
This deck has no chance against Profit. Alter Overseeing it personally and watch them die slowly. The profit damage alone will kill them. Get out yuour sabers for extra drains and there really cooked.

Against Ties
Pull I hope shes all right with YISMW. get the reatrieal and teh drains going.	You will win the drain race easily and with the retrieval all you hav to worry about is not how you win, but by how much you win. Ive played 4 tie decks since there common in my area and none can contend with the damage this deck deals out combined with the late game retrieval. During some games I have dealt out a total 10 damage combined with force drains and profit damage, and only two of those were due to force drain bonuses so decree does basically nothing.

Against Court
This is your hardest matchup. They’re going to fortify the ac right away so be ready to battle. try to free han w/ boush and someone who loves you.  stay away from there nasty bounty hunters.  After you free him stick to you db’s and retrive everything you lose. When trhey least expect it nabrun over and beat them down for a few. The three times this deck has faced court it has won by 21, 24, and 34.

 I hope you like this deck. It has all the necesasary components to be a winner. Enjoy

'