---
author: Michael "MadSkills84" Pistone
title: 'Hidden X-Wings'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-05-21
description: 'A Hidden base deck using X-Wings and a few surprises.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Locations(11)
Rendezvous Point (Starting)
Dagobah
Dagobah: Yoda's Hut
Kessel
Coruscant
Tibrin
Endor
Kiffek
Kashyyk
Corulag
(Hidden Base Marker: Whatever You Want, usually I use Endor or Kashyyk)

Characters (2)
Luke With Lightsaber
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber

Starships (18)
15x X-Wing
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Lando in Falcon

Weapons (6)
6x X-Wing Laser Cannon

Interrupts (18)
2x All Wings Report In
2x Don't Forget the Droids
5x Organized Attack
The Signal (Starting)
2x Grimtaash
2x It's A Hit
3x It Could Be Worse

Effects (5)
Traffic Control
Yarna D'al Gargan (Starting)
Wise Advice
2x What're You Trying To Push On Us

Objective (1)
Hidden Base/Star Systems Will Slip Through Your Fingers


Strategy: 

You start Hidden Base as usual with the starting interrupt The Signal to start Yarna D'al Gargan as your starting effect.  This helps protect your swarm of x-wings.

Hopefully in your opening hand you'll get an organized attack or you'll get one rather quickly.  The first one you want to use to pull some x-wings out quickly.  Deploy them for free to rendezvous point.  When you deploy your first system from reserve you should look to see if both Dagobah and Yoda's Hut are in there.  If they are deploy both, if one is missing deploy Endor or Kessel, depending on if you want to drain or battle quickly.  Endor can help you move your starships for free.

Get your systems out and flip quickly.	Once you see Zuckuss in Hunter, you can start spreading out, until this point you should make sure you have ability 7 at your planets.	This is why i put the leader ships and Lando in.

If you see the hunter ships, that's why the X-wing cannons are in there, if you use 3 force to target their starships immediately die, this is very powerful.	You can take out Zuckuss before he gets a chance to hurt you.  Use organized attacks and S-Foils to power up your ships as well.

In the late game use All Wings report in to retrieve whatever you may have lost.  I have Don't Forget the Droids in here as numbers protection.  I also have suicide Luke and Obi Epps for the late game to inflict a little damage.  Hope you like the deck. 