---
author: Jodo "Jodo Kast17" Kast
title: BH: More Powerful Than You Can Imagine v3.0
side: Dark
date: 2000-08-12
description: Bounty Hunters are the ultimate power.  Direct Damage, Capture and Feed.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective: Court of the Vile Gangster

Locations (12)
Tatooine
Nal Hutta
Audience Chamber
Cantina
Docking Bay 94
Dungeon
Great Pit of Carkoon
Jundland Wastes
Rancor Pit
Spaceport: Docking Bay
Endor Landing Platform
Cloud City East Platform

Characters (16)
4-LOM w/Gun
Bane Malar
Boba Fett CC x2
Bossk w/Gun
Dengar w/Gun
Djas Puhr
Ephant Mon
IG-88 w/Gun
Jabba the Hutt
Jodo Kast
Kithaba
Mara Jade
Sim Aloo
Vader w/Stick
Zuckuss

Starships (7)
Avenger
Fett in Slave 1
Bossk in Bus
Chimaera
Dengar in Punishing One
Executor
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts (7)
Elis Helrot
Evader
Hidden Weapons x2
Trap Door x2
Prepared Defenses

Effects (12)
All Wrapped Up
Battle Order
Bounty x2
Lateral Damage
Mobilization Points
Reactor Terminal
Resistance
Search and Destroy
Secret Plans
There Is No Try
Tatooine Occupation

Weapons (3)
Dengars Modified Riot Gun
Feltiperns Stun Gun
Maras Stick

Creatures (2)
Rancor x2


Strategy: 

   OK this time the deck itself hasn&#8217;t changed much.  The main changes are in the strategy.  Let me start by saying this if you are not interested in reading the ENTIRE STRATEGY then DO NOT REVIEW IT AT ALL!  I am tired of getting knocked ratings because someone says that my strategy is too long.  This deck has a lot of strategies that it can use, it is that very versatility that makes it a great deck.  If you do not want to read the entire thing, go somewhere else and rate another deck.
   That said, I will go through the ratings that I have received so far, starting with the stupidest:
   First: WHERE IS SCUM & VILLAINY?  All right, I have had a long paragraph in here for some time explaining why.  For those of you who do not seem to be able to read to the end of the article, I have moved it up here to the top: I did not change to a scum and villainy deck for several reasons.  Vader is great in the deck, and has the lightsaber, he is excellent against profit decks that have a lot of master lukes.	Sim Aloo is in there because I already am not going to be doing s&v, so he is another nice ability 4 character, with nice game text (anti destiny tracking).  The biggest reason for not doing s&v is the loss of space power.	I would have to stick with BH ships, which are not really enough against EBO or Hidden Base.  With the executor Tatooine is secure for the most part.  The chimaera is one of the best star destroyers, with immunity >4 and ability 2.  The avenger has ability 2 as well, making it very nice in the deck.  If I take out these ships than I open myself up for space beat down.  The benefits of s&v are not good enough to take that chance.
   Second: (perhaps the worst yet) WHERE IS VADER?  Okay, if you have not been able to read the card list, Vader w/stick is in this deck.
   Third: LOW ACTIVATION vs CHOKE DECK: A reasonable problem.  For this I added docking bays and mobilization points.  This is good for two reasons.  First, I get added force activation.  Second, I can get to my opponent wherever s/he is.	Spaceport Docking Bay does not go to Cloud City or Endor, so added these in.  A Yavin 4 deck always has a Yavin 4 docking bay in it, so it is not a problem.
   Fourth: The biggest problem with the deck: vs EBO or HB: Probably the toughest match ups, but I have some surprises.  Search and Destroy, great for EBO especially.	Battle Order, use 3 force every time.  Courts game text (lose 1 force if do not occupy Tatooine).  Tatooine Occupation (direct damage).  And finally, my ships.  I will sit the executor with either a pilot or BH ship or SD, my other ships can kill the HB, or slow the biggest drains with EBO.  Also, Resistance keeps drains to maximum 2.
  Fifth: NOT ENOUGH BOUNTIES: There is a reason for this.  I should not need more than 2 bounties down at any given time.  With Nal Hutta down I can pull them from reserve deck.  I get a bounty, turn it in, and it goes to used pile.  Next turn I can pull it again and deploy.  Simple.
   Sixth: LOW DESTINY: This should not be too hard to understand.  The low destinies are not in my deck for long!  I start with 3 sites, and I can pull my DBs each turn!  The characters are going to be on the table, and my locations that I cannot pull will be down quickly.  In fact, in my last few games, I have actually had trouble with destinies being too high.  I try to pull of a capture with hidden weapons (destiny 2-3) and I get a 4 or 5, just &#8216;hitting&#8217; the character.  Low destiny is not a problem in this deck (just ask Leia, in my last game she was captured by boba fett with the stun rifle).
   Seventh: MWYHL WEAKNESS: An area that is well pointed out.  First, in my area no one plays testing, but if they did, the drains are not how I win.  Direct damage is the way that I win with this deck.  And when my opponent drops EPPs I capture them and feed them, placing them out of play.  As far as HoTJ goes, I will occupy three battlegrounds easily (remember, for Resistance to work I have to occupy the battlegrounds).
   I think I have addressed the major problems that I have dealt with in the reviews.  The rest of my strategy will be straightforward about the deck, I am past the reactions to reviews.  Just please continue through the rest of the strategy.
   The basic idea behind this deck is to capture my opponents characters, retrieve bounties on them for force, and then feed them to the Sarlacc.  That gives me more force retrieval as well as placing them out of play, and hurting my opponent with force loss.  The idea is to flip the objective, feed the prisoners, and then flip it back so I am back to the great front side.
   I start prepared defenses to pull All Wrapped Up and Mobilization Points every game.  Against EBO or a deck that I fear quick drains I start Battle Order (I should not have trouble with this, as I can pull BH ships from reserve deck).  Against Profit I pull Secret Plans (to nullify the retrieval with flipping).  Most other times I start There Is No Try
   I have six cards to capture characters during battles.  The two capturing guns go on fett and jodo.	Jodo can use either weapon very well.  The stun gun is a rifle, which means Jodo adds 2 to destiny.  With a bounty present the destiny is +4!  With the riot gun he can fire for free, which is also a great benefit, the decision of which gun to deploy on him can be difficult at times.  He can also be targeted by hidden weapons, which is a great card for taking out unwanted charcters.  The only way that hidden weapons does not get a hit, is if the destiny is 0-1, anything above either captures, hits, or immediately kills.  Fett usually gets the stun gun, which is best when targeting bounty.  Fett is the one who I usually have gathering bounties anyway, which makes this the perfect weapon for him.	He too can be targeted by hidden weapons.  The Mandalorian armor gives another hunter the ability to use hidden weapons.  IG and Bossk each have permanent weapons that can capture.  If by some chance anyone does not get captured in the battle, all wrapped up cleans them up afterward.
   I use direct damage a lot in this deck.  Drains can be modified, but direct damage is hard to stop.	Court has its own damage, which should bring my opponent to me.  When s/he does, it is time for me to begin the kill.  Tatooine occupation is pretty self-explanatory.	Another great card that gives direct damage is search and destroy.  This is great against EBO, which pretty much abandons the ground.  It causes force loss during every draw phase, including mine.  This makes it just as good as visage.  It is also a great card against x/b/a-wing swarm that has almost no ground ability.
   I will now explain some of the other cards.	The executor may be expensive to deploy, but it is well worth the cost.  I put it at Tatooine with anything else and my occupation is safe.  Nal Hutta is great for pulling bounties.  I do not have to even occupy the system, and it is only a drain of 1 for my opponent.  The docking bays can be pulled at the beginning and allow me to get to wherever my opponent is.  The rancor is in this deck instead of the Sarlacc for several reasons.  First, it is much easier to feed the rancor.  Instead of moving from the dungeon or audience chamber, outside, and then to the Sarlacc pit, I can simply dump them after getting my bounty.  The rancor retrieve more force in most situations, especially if the card is a main, which I will primarily be feeding.  The rancor also does not miss.  It is next to impossible to feed luke or obi to the rancor, even leia, Orrimaarko, melas or tawass are next to impossible.  The rancor makes it so even luke jedi has to draw two higher than me to even survive.
   Lateral Damage is great against home one.  The high power ship suddenly becomes power and forfeit 0.  Who cares about its high immunity to attrition, let it stay!  It just gives me more time to pound it with everything I have got.  I put the lateral damage on Nal Hutta and suddenly its going to be a while before the ship is able to fight again.  If I am fighting at Tatooine or farther away and my opponent has no other systems closer to Nal Hutta then it is not going to get any better.  There is no try makes it difficult for my opponent to cancel it, and even if they do, it makes them pay.
   Battle order works great against an EBO or hidden base deck.  Working with courts damage and search and destroy, they now are losing three force each of their turns, plus using three force to drain each time.  A great combination.
   Evader is used against choke decks.
   This deck is one of my favorites.  Bounty hunters give great power and even greater game texts.  This trait makes them what I consider the best cards in the game.  The deck combines great land and good space, great retrieval and direct damage, plus good drains.  It is a balanced deck that wont be taken by surprise by anything.
