---
layout: post
author: ! joe "brangus" horbey
title: ! "Horbey s Anti-RALops HB"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-19
description: ! 'This deck was constructed to provide the necessary speed to defeat RALops, as well as other mainstream DS decks that are floating around.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Start(7)
Hidden Base/Systems Will....
HB Indicator
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Strike Planning
Squadron Assignments
Wise Advice
Rendezvouse Point

Locations(7)
Clouds 
Endor
Kiffex
Kessel
Corulag
Kashyyk
Sullust

Characters(14)
EPP Luke x2
EPP Obi x2
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
General Calrissian
Boussh x2
Tycho Celchu
Lt. Blount
Jeroen Webb
Tawws Khaa
Melas

Starships(13)
Red Squadron 1
Gold Squadron 1
Red Leader In Red 1
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Gold Squadron Y-wing
Red Squadron X-wing
Grean Squadron A-wing
Artoo In Red 5
Tantive IV
Spiral
Liberty
B-wing x2

Interrupts(7)
A Few Manuevers
Rebel Barrier x2
Control
Alter
Power Pivot
The Signal

Weapons(4)
Intruder Missle x2
X-wing Laser Cannon x2

Effects(8)
Revolution x2
Scramble
What Are You Trying To Push On Us? x2
Projection Of A Skywalker x2
Order To Engage



'

Strategy: '

I'de like to start off by saying that don't use this if your a newbie...or if you suck. It's moderately hard to play...but it's a solid deck. I built this deck because I hate the new age RALops decks...and this beats them like a machine.

Specs

VS. RALops

First turn deploy your endor (remember opponenet generates no force here), pull Gen. Cal with Strike Planning, and pull Gold Squadron 1 with Gen. Cal. Deploy them all to endor for 3 force and move them to raltirr first turn. He should've pulled a ralltir site...so that's how you have 4 force to do this with. The key to this game is keeping RALtirr flipped. If you can do this, you will win. After controlling ralltir first turn, build up a sizable force at his forest, and revolution it so your characters are immune to attrition. To further your domination of ralltir, get down clouds and a starfighter to it. Once you have controlled ralltir, set up shop at kiffex/kessel and drain him out. Use HB/Boush/POAS to cancel whatever drains he may get off.

VS. BHBM

Give them Luke and make them lose at the end of each turn. Set up drains and barrier/beatdown whatever they deploy to space. BHBM doesn't have much draining capability so you should win this. Blow away their starfighters with your cannons, and power pivot their capitals.

VS. TIE's

This game is a little tricky. The key is to avoid the beatdown. Wait for him to make the first move. He will try to lure you into a beatdown with a lone TIE, so save your force and drop on him. If you can survive the first major battle, your chances of winning go up quite considerably.

VS. Hunt Down

Get your spies down to the executor backed up by Tawss/Melas. Block his ground drains with POAS/Boush/HB. This shouldn't be a tough matchup as long as you can keep visage/S+D under control.

'