---
layout: post
author: Johan "Johan" van der Meer
title: 'Dutch Cheese'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-03
description: 'HB/Insert/Suiside EPP with lots of tricks! We're Doomed! rocks.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting: (5)
Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip Through Your Fingers
Rendezvous Point
Clak'dor VII (marker system)
The Signal
Wise Advice

Locations: (7)
Clack'dor VIII
Bothawui
Kiffex
Correllia
Tibrin
Kirdo III
Coruscant

Characters: (11)
8D8
Artoo
Bothan Spy
Momow Nadon
Boushh
Figrin D'an
Luke With Lightsaber
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Boushh
R2-D2 (Artoo-Detoo)
Wedge Antilles

Starships: (12)
Corellian Corvette
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Gold Squadron Y-wing
Lando In Millennium Falcon
Medium Bulk Freighter x2
Red Leader In Red 1
Red Squadron X-wing
Spiral
Tantive IV
X-wing x2

Weapons / Devices: (3)
X-wing Laser Cannon x2
Landing Claw

Interrupts: (12)
Clash Of Sabers
Effective Repairs
Hyper Escape
I Have A Bad Feeling About This
It Could Be Worse
It's a Hit!
Rebel Barrier x2
The Signal
Tunnel Vision
We're Doomed x2

Effects: (10)
A Gift
Docking And Repair Facilities
Never Tell Me The Odds x3
Order To Engage
Undercover x2
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us? x2 

Strategy: 

CARD CHANGE -- Instead of the 2nd Boushh, there should be 1 Legendary Startfighter in this deck!


Allright... To win with this deck, you must Harass your oponent with Inserts, Drains in Space and an occasional EPP or 2.

To probe, your opponent must have a spy ship, a ship with hyperspeed 5 or a Presence of the Force. Ships with Hyperspeed 5 are all starfighters... trick is to Barrier them and then shoot them with XWing Laser Cannon. Presence of the Force can be cancelled with You Are Beaten or relocated with I Have A Bad Feeling About This. Spy Ship... well, there's nothing you can do against Mara in Jabba's Space Cruiser, but fortunately that combination is quite rare!

Hunt Down & Destroy
Try Bothan Undercover for Visage, flip when nessecary, insert, Undercover Spies to stop drains, Inserts, maybe a Suicide EPP's, whatever it takes just keep on harrassing and draining in space...

Scum & Villainy decks (new objective)
Shoot the Bountyhunter ships, Undercover their drains, play inserts! Control of Bothawui makes Undercover immume to Hutt Smooch. A Gift if very nice too.

Endor Operations / Big Blue
This will be a tough match! Just hope your space fleet will do fine! (fire on their starships, if possible... usually they'll have ZIMH or Boba/SI) Also make use of your Docking&Repair!

Ralltiir Operations
It IS possible to win from this deck, but it's a very hard matchup. Best thing you can do is trying to deploy EPP as soon as you can, to give the impression of an EPP beatdown deck, then insert. Control Ralltiir early on! Use Tibrin to get good cards back... Xwing Laser Cannon to shoot ships. Undercover their drains, grapple Trample...

In all cases, We're Doomed late in the game is a life-saver. It cuts battle damage, drain damage, direct damage, any kind of damage... With R2-D2 it also rounds that damage down. Usually it isn't Grappled because it's late in the game and your opponent has already grappled your other cards.

Figrin D'an has a destiny of 4 when you occupy Clack'Dor.... You can go either extreme numbers when you see your opponent hasn't got defenses and still have a suicide EPP (or EJP) main if you want to fight a little.

The thing that usually wins you the game is the drains on Coruscant and Kiffex, together with Legendary Starfighter damage, while you 'control' the damage your opponent can cause you with ICBW, Flipped HB, It's A Hit!, UC Spies and We're Doomed.  