---
layout: post
author: ! Nick "JediBrain" Stefanko
title: ! "ISB Biker Gang"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-04
description: ! 'With Outer Rim Scouts on speeder bikes, they gain immunity to attrition < 4, and can react across Tatooine.	With Scum And Villainy working for retrieve, you should win the drain race.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'LOCATIONS
Coruscant Imperial Square
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine Desert Heart
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Tatooine Lars’ Moisture Farm
Tatooine Mos Eisley

CHARACTERS
Chall Bekan
Ephant Mon
Jabba
Mosep
Outer Rim Scout (x12)
5D6-RA-7

STARSHIPS
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

VEHICLES
Speeder Bike (x6)

OBJECTIVE
ISB Operations/Empire’s Sinister Agents

EFFECTS
Bad Feeling Have I
Broken Concentration
Den Of Thieves
Destroyed Homestead
No Bargain
Reactor Terminal
Royal Escort
Scum And Villainy (x2)
Search And Destroy
Secret Plans
There Is No Try
Undercover

INTERRUPTS
Abyssin Ornament (x3)
Combat Readiness
Jabba’s Twerps
Main Course
Nevar Yalnal
Pitiful Little Band
Point Man
Prepared Defenses
Projective Telepathy (x2)
Twi’lek Advisor (x2) '

Strategy: '

Starting stuff
ISB Operations/ESA, Coruscant Imperial Square, Prepared Defenses for No Bargain, Secret Plans, There Is No Try (or Broken Concentration v. MWYHL)

Object of deck
This is a standard drop-and-drain deck.  2 ORSs on a bike @ each Tatooine site.  Jabba, Ephant Mon, and a few ORSs should be able to hold the AC.  With Royal Escort out, it’ll take sabers and/or tracked high destinies to ruin your ORSs’ forfeits.
The greatest challenge vs. this deck is Mind What You Have Learned.  Against this, start Broken Concentration among your starting effects.  Try to drain as much as possible before Test 1 is completed.  After it is, then be very careful and continue to drain for the average amounts.
Another problem may be mains-and-toys decks.  Against these, you should be able to run around them.  Point Man to cancel Order To Engage, use Projective Telepathy to cancel battles (whether initiated by opponent or by you for S&V retrieval).

Why This Card?

Jabba’s Twerps 3 almost-guaranteed-free ORSs to battle; quick and painless 1-time retrieval
Combat Readiness if I need more Force to react with
Main Course no more Frozen Assets
Destroyed Homestead impair a lone Luke or Obi, and cause some damage.
Pitiful Little Band scout decks are becoming popular; take advantage by adding a battle destiny and tracking a 5.
'