---
author: Andy "RexBanner7" Klema
title: 'Pure Rumors Space The Final Version'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-04
description: 'I'm not going to put up any more of these, so here's the final version. It uses the massive power of Big Blue as well as the massive drains of Rumors to win it's games.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations (10)
Corulag
Coruscant
Endor
Endor: Bunker
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Fondor
Kashyyyk
Kiffex
Nal Hutta
Rendili

Starships (10)
Avenger
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Dengar in Punishing One
Devastator
Dreadnaught x2
Executor
Vengence
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Vehicles (3)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 3

Characters (12)
Admiral Ozzel
Captain Lennox
Captain Needa
Commander Nemet
Darth Vader
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
Grand Moff Tarkin
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Lieutenant Arnet
Lieutenant Cabbel
Officer Evax

Effects (13)
Battle Order
Broken Concentration
Come Here You Big Coward
Empire's New Order
First Strike
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Lateral Damage x2
Ominous Rumors
Oppresive Enforcement
Presence of the Force
Security Precautions

Interrupts (11)
Masterful Move
Monnok x2
Shocking Revelation
Shut Him Up or Shut Him Down
Those Rebels Won't Escape Us
Torture x2
Twi'lek Advisor x3

Objectives (1)
Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost


Strategy: 

Quick note: I FORGOT the grabber that I have in here. It should be in there for Presence of the Force. Take that into consideration.

Some replies to FAQs: I have Tempest Scout 3 in there because it has a 2 ability permanant pilot, and it can ADD a pilot. I'd rather have my 2/2 imp sitting safely inside than being blow away by weapons. Also, bounty hunters aren't in there because everyone is prepared for them. Also, they mess up Empire's New Order, so they stay out. This deck is based in space, not on ground, so they don't factor into my scheme. Besides, I'd rather use their ships. Also, the Vengence is in there because it has the 2 ability pilot, which is so important because you add random imperial, and you have a destiny draw, plus fodder. Oppresive Enforcement is SAC protection, and it adds to the destiny of my starships. That's way that card is in there.

I do NOT try to flip this objective. I use it for the good starting generation as well as the ability to pull Rumors from my reserve deck. DS space is where it's at right now, especially with the new BH ships. I use Rumors to make the opponent come to me (or just to drain them out), and mess with their strategies. The main changes in this version were putting in Premiere Vader in for Chokie Vader, as well as putting in Shocking Revo for Oola protection as well as an easily trackable 5 destiny. I have found that Homing Beacon can't always deploy because I don't always have an imperial leader on the table. Those Rebels Won't Escape us is in instead, and it has the side advantage of canceling Hyper Escape. Remember, Landing Claw doesn't hurt that bad even if they get it attatched because you can just apply the Rumors bonus to another system. The ground I have in here is to hold my Endor sites. I'm not stupid enough to put a lone guy in the Bunker and expect him to live, so I only go in there with a decent force (Vader plus fodder). Vader, Tarkin, and IG-88 are in there for some battling at your opponents sites (often just suicides to clear sites). Mara isn't in here because 1. She messes up Empire's New Order 2. Everyone is metaing for the new aliens. Since my deck has none, cards such as A Gift and multiple Disarmeds are useless. Here's the meta:

MWYHL: Start Broken Concentration. Even the Super Falcon can't stand up to a Lateral Damage (especially with the +4 to Alter : ) You should be able to get in quick drains before they complete Test 1, you're unSurprise Assaultable, and the drains in space are easily enough to finish them off.

Mains and Toys: They can't compete in space. Unless they are somehow draining for a lot on the ground, they can't win (they'll never pull off a Celebration)

Operatives: Easy game. Start Battle Order, Twi'lek for Imperial Decree. Game, set, match.

Hidden Base: Another easy game. Zuckuss, Dengar, and the 2 Monnoks take out HBX. Any other version just can't contend with your power. Your drains will cause them to flip early, and then you can probe very easily. The Tortures are in there for numbers. They never expect the second Lateral Damage : )

EJP: Let them free Han! Your drains are murder, and they can't set up any kind of Celebration. Bonus points for capturing Han with Iggy!

I can't think of anything else, so I'm done. As always, if you have any questions, message me BEFORE reviewing my deck. Enjoy!
