---
author: Geoff "Loaf" Gallo-Cornell
title: This Deal Really Blow For The LS
side: Dark
date: 2000-08-23
description: just a TDIGWATT deck, that i think is pretty good. please leave a detailed response...not some one star review, and
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective (1, hmmm, how many can i have again?)

Locations(10)
Bespin
Bespin: CC
CC: Interrogation Room
CC: Port Town District
CC: DB
CC: Lower Corridor
CC: Security Tower
CC: Upper Walkway
CC: Casino
CC: Carb Chamber

Characters(26)
ECC IG-88
Navy Trooper x4
Lando Calrissian
Boba Fett (CC)
Ugnaught x4
Jodo Kast
Zuckuss
Dr. Evazan
Sergeant Merril
Mosep
CC Trooper x4
Djas Puhr
Corporal Prescott
Imperial Trooper Guard x3
EPP Vader


Ships and Vehicles (7)
Bossk In Bus
OS-72-1 in Obsidian 1
OS-72-2 in Obsidian 2
Cloud Car x2
Fett In Slave I
ZiMH

Weapons(2)
Ponda Baba's Hold Out Plaster
Feltipern's Stun Rifle

Interrupts and Effects(14)
All Too Easy x2
Trooper Assault x4
Ghhhk x2
Vader's Bounty
Jabba's Through With You
All Wrapped Up
Reactor Terminal
Dark Deal
Any Methods Necessary


Strategy: 

basically, this deck forces your oppenent to come fight you, with your extremely high, cheap power, or suffer massive (and i do mean massive) drains.

Just start all wrapped up with the OBJ. I wanted to put secret plans in, but couldnt find space...let me know what i should swap for it. play AMN and get fett, fett in ship and the CC prison. start the carb chamber as your battleground site. get out Bespin: CC and Bespin in the next two turns. by that time, you should have drawn atleast one other CC site. get down some troopers there, and let them site alone once you get DD down. then start draining for insane amounts. if you have three sites down (the prison and two 2/1 sites) you will drain for 10 force, at the sites, bespin, and bespin:CC. if that isnt enough to make them try and stop your drains....well, they are just morons. since you will be occupying all those BGs, you will get to ignore resistance. another good idea is to stick mosep down at a site, and make them lose all those 10 force from deck, and dont tell me that doesnt hurt.

the lone troopers seem easy to defeat, but they are really really tough. my friend Deployed a farmboy luke, and two 2/2 scrubs, to try to fight my lone imperial trooper guard. he got a 2 for his BD, having a TP of 9. i played trooper assault, and had a TP of 10 (trooper was power 4, +4 for DD, and +2 for trooper assault). after seeing his boys lose to a dumb imperial trooper, he quit the game. it was quite funny.


if they are packing lots of ground, use zuckuss and boba fett, instead of the versions of them in their ships. if they are a heavy space deck, like HB, use the ships to fend off at bespin system, and obsidian squad, and the cloud cars to control bespin: CC

sit EPP vader down at the Carb chamber, and use all too easy when you hit their characters, to make them cry, and lose 8 force. not that hard, just do it to some scrubs.

VS deck types:

Profit:
Put zuckuss and jodo in the AC.
if they free han, use IG-88 to capture him, then just sit him somewhere by himself, and dont move him, or do anything, so basically they cant flip the OBJ again. then commence draining.


EBO:
just sit down at your sites, and try to get DD up asap. then drain drain drain. it is a race.


Ops: smack your oppenent for playing ops. then put the heavier hitters (the BHs) down on their planet and kick some ass.

TIGIH:
dont deploy the CC DB. that will keep luke away from CC if they dont have that DB in their deck, and since the <> DB isnt mobile, it cant be deployed to CC. they cant win if they cant make you lose the two force for not having vader escorting, and then they cant make you lose to the instant death of draing a desting >14

Jedi Training:
test #1 is trouble. if they do that, just load up bossk in bus with the BH's, drop them to a site, and capture luke or yoda, or kill them.

HB:
this can be trouble, but just try and keep bespin under your control with the BH ships, and drain like mad. i know they can cancel two of your drains, but get out all the CC  sites, and drain at them all. it will still hurt them.

RTP:
when they free leia, capture her with IG-88, and just leave him be, so they cant free her, or therefore flip it again.

   Things i bet you will say:
#1 "add in more dark deals". well, i would, but i only have the one, so it fixes that problem.

#2 "add in another vader and his saber, or EPP vader". i want to do this, but have no clue what to pull, give me your thoughts on what to pull.

#3 "ditch the bounty hunting stuff, and put something else in" i would, but i dont know what to pull out, and i need the retrieval.

#4 "use more CC troopers, 4 isnt enough" ok, but i only have 4, and i wouldnt know what to ditch.

#5 "put in CC occupation" believe me, i would, but i dont have it. trade with me! geoff_gc@yahoo.com or d-mail me

ok, now that i answered some of thosw predictable questions, review my deck. give me some pointers and tell me what to pull, and what to add. thanks a million.

