---
layout: post
author: ! Alexander "Black Leader" Schwarz
title: ! 'Gangstas Paradise 1.3'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-15
description: ! 'Second revision of my CourtScum Deck.Sporting increased activation potential,defense against EBO plus some new tech.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (8)
JP- Audience Chamber (s)
JP- Dungeon (s)
JP- Rancor Pit
Tattoine - Great Pit (s)
Tattoine - Jabbas Palace
Tattoine - Docking Bay 94
Rendili
Coruscant

Characters (14)
Bane Malar
Brangus Glee
Boelo
Chall Bekan
Cloud City Engineer
Dengar with Gun
Dr. E
Ephant Mon
4Lom with Gun
Gailid
Iggy with Gun
Jabba (SE) x 2
Mara Jade

Creatures (2)
Rancor
Bubo

Ships (3)
Zuckuss in Misthunter
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Boba Fett in Slave I

Weapons (1)
Maras Lightsaber

Interrupts (16)
Alter
Barrier x 2
Ghhhk
Masta Move
Monnok
Trapdoor x 2
Operational as Planned
Prepared Defenses
None shall Pass x 2
Set for Stun
Shut him up/down
Twilek Advisor x 2

Effects (15)
All Wrapped Up
Battle Order
First Strike
Lateral Damage
Mobilization Points
No Bargain
Oppressive Enforcement
Resistance
Scum and Villany x 2
Search & Destroy
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
There ll be hell to pay
You cannot hide forever

Objective (1)
Court of the Vile Gangster/
I will enjoy watching you die

'

Strategy: '


Changes to Version 1.2 

Dropped Sullust for Rendili and the Cantina to
add the Tattoine Docking Bay for my new activation
concept with Mobilization Points.

Gives my ships a place to deploy from turn one,
which make me get arround Battle Plan, too.

I found out, that in Decks utilizing lots of
Beatdown Potential the Cantina can be a liability
as well.

So this version gives the opponent no good drain
locations except for the palace and the audience
chamber, which can be defended by None shall pass.

-----

Dropped the second Gailid. I know, that limits
my drain potential, but in a deck that is trying
to kill my characters, i wont really have a place
to hide and drain, anyway. In another deck, i
should only need one Gailid.

Boba with Blaster went out for Mobilization Points. His space Persona is much more useful,
anyway and i need the early activation.

Dropped Dengar in Boat. I have had a long debate,
whether too keep him or drop him. Truth is, he
is not much useful on himself, and i rather have
him on the ground.

Dropped the Rancor, the Telepathy and a Trapdoor
to add Alter, Resistance, and Set for Stun.
In place of the second Gailid i added You cannot
hide forever.

Reason for this changes  I am fine with only
one Rancor, and then i dont really need three of
those Trapdoors. The Telepathy was in there
mainly to protect me from AFA and OTE, those
functions are taken over by Alter and Resistance,
which is good against EBO, too.

I played EBO in a few pickup games and found out,
that those drains can hardly be stopped, if i dont
get a really good start.

You cannot hide forever is cool, because it lowers
my opponents jedis defense value, so i can target
them with weapons and Trapdoor more easily. It
gives me some defense vs. screws, who still may
be floating arround - just look at Matt Sokols
Light Deck for Worlds .
On top of that, it lets me get Sec. Precautions
or Search & Destroy to start the damage early on.

I also added Monnok, which still is way cool. It
also improves the recycling capacity of MastaMove.

Now the new tech  Set for Stun. I really begin
to like this card. It lets you basically target
any character, even spies. However it really
shines to remove some annoying pilots from their
ships, like Haash so i can play my Lateral Damage
or Han of the Falcon to prevent Punch It or an
I know.

---------End of Changes---------------------------

Setup  You need to start with MobPoints to pull
Rendili before activation. Deploy the docking bay
with the Objectives game text, but not in Profit
(Fallen Portal). If you have Jabba in opening hand
deploy him to the AC. to get Boelo with the ACs
Game text. If you expect a lot of spies or early
beatdown, go for Ephant Mon.

Against Space start with You cannot Hide forever,
to get Search & Destroy. If you play Hidden Base,
you can still deploy it instead of Sec.Precautions
if you get a Twilek in your opening hand.

Always try to occupy three Battlegrounds.
Dont go outside without a Ghhhk or Jabba and
Ephant Mon - you risk a beatdown, which could
very well end your game.

Make sure to always initiate the battles, the
retrieval provided by First Strike, and to greater
extent by S&V (which you should deploy as soon
as you have secured the chamber) will win your
games.

Always use Barrier and None Shall Pass to prevent
Beatdowns and get the advantage.

If the try to battle you, slash them with Maras
Stick or the Hunter weapons and feed them to
your little darling, the Rancor, after throwing
them in the brig for extra force retrieval.

As always, dont open yourself to beatdowns, dont
deploy without four ability or defensive cards
in hand.

-----Matchups start here-----------------------

Profit  As mentioned before, dont deploy the
Docking Bay (Fallen Portal). Instead track it to
Alter OTE if it pops up or prevent him from
sensing your interrupts.

Start with MobPoints, No Bargain and Oppressive
Enforcement. Try to get All Wrapped Up, next.

Use Profits GT to deploy Chall Bekan, who can
pull the engineer to convert the chamber and
Ephant Mon, to discourage early spies, like
Boussh (Someone who loves you) or the new dreaded
Lando with Axe.

Use Iggy to capture Han, as soon as he is free
and feed him to the Rancor, this will pretty
much end the game for him. Use 4Lom as defense
vs. Luke, JK and Ben Kenobi. with You cannot hide
forever out, you can even capture one of those,
so if you have it in your hand, get it out.

Bubo eats spies and prevents him from running
away with Narrow Escape. Set for Stun can help
you deal with his Spies and Jedis here, too.

If you instead encounter Alien Profit, which is
usually setup with Uh Oh and Bo Shuda, start with
You cannot hide forever and All Wrapped up, to
capture his Eloms, or Chadra Fans early on.

You shouldnt ditch YCHF for some time, until you
can be sure, he is not playing screws.

Use Bubo to kill Tessek, after you have taken
care of Rennek with Set for Stun. If possible,
try to keep Mara away, at least dont deploy here
alone, so you will not die to a horde of Eloms.

In all Games, but especially Profit, try to prevent Clash of Sabers if they get this through
u will not be able to ghhhk , which could mean
game for you.

EBO  Start with MobPoints, YCHF to get Search and
Destroy, and Resistance.

Get out the docking bay early on, you need the
activation. If they have a docking bay as well,
u can put Brangus at the Tattoine Docking Bay,
to transit your Hunters for free under the shield.
(If you dont have Mara).

Try to get out Battle Order, next. If they come
to you, to get arround it, deal with them the
usual way. Should they deploy a Forest, go there
to beat them up.

Try to monnok away his Ishib Tibs and the Chimes
to get them and Arconas, this will hinder his
setup. Use Alter for OTE, and if he is playing
with capitals, use Set for Stun on Haash.
You can use it, to keep him under 6-ability for
Zuckuss, as well.

If you grab something, dont fall for the mistake
and grab his retrieval cards, like On the Edge,etc
when he could have Hyper Escapes which are much
more important to his strategy.

MWYHL  Start MobPoints, Secret Plans and YCHF for
Search and Destroy. You could get Resistance out
first, if you fear AFA, but in the long run you
need to deal so much damage to him as you can,
before he gets through his tests and can get the
six or seven on top for mega-retrieval.
If you are in this stage, there isnt much you can
do, except to grab his On the Edges/off the Edges
and battle, hope for the best.

Use Lat.Damage on the Falcon and Set for Stun to
kill Han or Lando, so he cannot use one of his
destiny adders.

TIGIH  Start with MobPoints, YCHF for S&D and
Battle Order to prevent early drains.

You may want to get to Endor, as soon as he has
spread out to drain. Dont spread to thin yourself,
though. Try to keep away from the landing platform, you risk Fallen Portal. Should he play
with Speeders, try to group your characters at
the Hut, he cannot get there with his combat
vehicles. As always, occupy three battlegrounds
to get by Honor. Use Set for Stun for any bad dudes and for spies as well, just like Bubo.

As with any Battle Deck, use Operational as planned to prevent the Frozen Assets/DTF - combo.

RST  Start with MobPoints, YCHF and Oppressive
Enforcement. You can sack YCHF to get Battle Order, if he is deploying rather fast, or if you
feel in control, to get S&D . Bubo is cool here,
too. He is a bad SCOUTMUNCHA  Dont try to get
to him too early, since he will be massing at
the Landing Site early on and make u pay .

If he gets the System out, try to kill his Z95s
to prevent Close Air Support.

Use 4LOm on General Solos gt, if he is not needed
with Zuckuss and try to capture him and Midget,
they are the key to his deck.

If they play with Insertion Planning, you should
grab it, because with it, it will be a hard match.

Beware the Daughter and I know 
(He can get Daughter + Anis Stick with the
Interrupt.)

HB  Start with MobPoints, YCHF (to get Sec.Pre-
cautions or S&D later on, if you draw one of them)

Try not to ditch YCHF too early, first make sure,
he is not playing with screws. An indicatior that
he doesnt, surely is the Strike Planning/Squassin-
combo. Start with Secret plans if you suspect
a retrieval heavy variant - Alderaan and Tattoine
are indicators for OMDH. If you have three BGs
occupied and Resistance out, you can sack it.

If he plays fake HB with Mains Beatdown, use
your usual gameplan.
Use Set for Stun mainly on his pilots alone at
a system, to prevent the forcedrain for one round.


End -----

I really hope you like the new version.
As always i am open to comments.
Please dont rate me low, because you feel there
are any loopholes or anything, before that, ask
me how i deal without the certain card/cards you
expected.

Oh, if u feel this deck is a " misused version
of a unorignal pile", or something, DONt rate
this Deck 

Youre supposed to give me pointers on how to
improve my deck, not just vent your anger /
frustration 

Also, dont rate this deck bad, because you feel
the strat, section, or anything is too long.

Mind yu, i really worked hard on that one 

Thanks alot 

Black Leader '