---
author: Butt "ltkettch" Munch
title: 'Okay LS, put up your duke's!'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-11
description: 'This deck is good for battling, draining,and driving your opponent crazy.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 



Objective (1)

Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe

Locations (10)

Bespin
Cloud City: Downtown Plaza
Cloud City: East Platform (Docking Bay)
Cloud City: Port Town District
Dagobah: Cave
Death Star
Executor: Holotheatre
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Hoth: Echo Command Center (War Room)
Kashyyyk

Characters (18)

4 - LOM With Concussion Rifle
Admiral Ozzel
Bossk With Mortar Gun
Commander Igar
Darth Vader x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x2
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Dr. Evazan
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
Grand Moff Tarkin
Lieutenant Cabbel
Lieutenant Watts
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand x2
Officer Evax

Interrupts (9)

Evader
I Have You Now
It's Worse
Limited Resources
Point Man
Torture
Twi'lek Advisor x2
You Are Beaten

Effects (13)

Bad Feeling Have I
Battle Order
Blast Door Controls
Come Here You Big Coward!
Crush The Rebellion
First Strike
Imperial Arrest Order
Reactor Terminal
Responsibility Of Command
Search And Destroy
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
Visage Of The Emperor

Weapons (3)

Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber

Creatures, Vehicles, Starships (6)

Bubo
Blizzard 2
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Dreadnaught - Class Heavy Cruiser
Tempest 1
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter


Strategy:

Basically this deck is good for just about
everything.  It provides more than adequate
activation pretty early on in the game. It
can battle very well on the ground with plenty
of forfeit fodder, provided by IAO.  It can
also hold its own in space.  Responsibility of
Command is in there to keep HDATJ flipped, and
to screw with profit decks.  Some of the
interrupts like Limited Resources, It's Worse,
and Point Man are usually cycled in and out of
the deck for Torture, Circle, or sniper, depending
on where I'm playing at.  Bossk with mortar gun
will also be cycled for bossk in hound's tooth.

I'll give you a quick run-down on what I do against
some of the more popular LS strategies.

Vs Hidden Base

Start with security precautions.  I'll usually hold
back all of my starships until I can see a worthwhile
beatdown, or until they flip.  Setup Vader and Mara
on cc for drains, and draw like made until I get search
and destroy.  SAD is like a second visage when you're
playing against HB or MWYHL.  If they're running trying
to pull off kessel runs, I just park everything at kessel
and wait for them to beat me off the system.  With Vader
and Tarkin in a dreadnaught, and 4 - LOM in the Mist Hunter,
it takes a lot of freighter captains to take control of the
system.

Vs MWYHL

Start with IAO or Bad Feeling.	With IAO, and a good draw I
can always flip on the first turn vs MWYHL.  With vader and
mara draining like crazy on cc, and visage and SAD going, the
opponent has to train really fast or the game is pretty much
over.  If they're going to train to five, vader, tarkin, and
mara will land on dagobah and kill everyone.  That'll end the
game real fast.

Vs Profit

Start with IAO, or Secret Plans, or CHYBC.  I hardly ever start
with secret plans, mostly because if they want to retrieve the
force they're going to save up for it.  I almost have to get IAO
out be cause these games usually have a lot of battling.  This
is where ROC comes in.	Most people in my area give ben and luke
their lightsabers and one of them gets a proficiency.  If they
don't come and battle me, they'll just try to drain me out.  ROC
says the character may not initiate battles or force drains.  Most
people with profit just say, what!!!, that suck's, I HATE YOU!!!
Even with ROC I can't seem to beat profit unless I battle them.
I never ever deploy anything to the audience chamber at the beginning
of the game, it's just asking for trouble.  If I lose it's usually
because I did something really dumb.

Vs Yavin 4 Revo

Start with Crush.  First turn pull out the evader.  Deploy bubo to
yavin 4 and eat some nudjs.  All the cc sites and systems are pretty
much unaffected by revolution.	All you're losing is 2 activation.
Don't deploy the cave.  The executor sites are the only thing you
have to worry about being revo'd.  But if you've got the evader in
your hand, they usually don't do anything with the revo's.  Be careful,
if they deploy one revolution, don't cancel it!  The opponent is
counting on you to have only one evader in your deck, after you cancel
the revo, they'll play voyeur and make you lose your only evader, or
they'll just grab it and you'll never get it back.  If the game comes
down to battling, stack some destinies, and your forfeit fodder weenies
will win the game.

Vs Operatives

Start with IAO or battle order.  There's only 1 guy in my area who plays
speeder ops.  The games are usually close in differential but I haven't
lost yet.  I'll just beat him on drains, or come down and battle him at
his weakest site.  Once again the forfeit will win the game if it comes
down to battling.

I think that covers just about everything.
The versatility of this deck is amazing.  Like I said before I will
usually change a few cards around to give the deck a completely
different strategy.  The effects in the deck are absolutely necessary to
defeat some of the popular LS strategies.

I'd like to thank you in advance for rating my deck and any helpful ideas
you have will be welcomed.

Until next time,

		--- ltkettch


Strategy: 

k 