---
author: Andy "Solo337" McClure
title: 'Who let the Raiders out?'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-29
description: 'This deck helped me win my first major title, the Birmingham Grand Slam yesterday. It basically sets up big Force Drains with serious fighting power.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 


Objective (1)
Agents In The Court/No Love For the Empire

Locations (8)
Jabba’s Palace: Audience Chamber (s)
Tatooine: Hutt Trade Route (s)
Yoda’s Hutt
Tatooine: Lars’ Moisture Farm
Jabba’s Palace: Entrance Chavern
Tatooine: Mos Eisley
Tatooine: Jundlund Wastes
Rendevous Point

Characters (21)
Jedi Luke x3
EPP Han
EPP Leia
Ben Kenobi x2
EPP Obi
Palace Raider x7
Tessek
Harc Seff
Boushh
Lt. Blount
Broken Lando (Lando w/ Vibro Ax) x2

Vehicles (5)
Patrol Craft x5

Weapons (2)
Luke’s Saber
Obi’s Saber

Interrupts (11)
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes x2
Trans Term
Rebel Barrier
The Signal
Tunnel Vision
You Will Take Me To Jabba Now x2
Lost In The Wilderness
Clash Of Sabers
Heading For The Medical Frigate (s)


Effects (12)
Yarna d’Al’ Gargan (s)
Aim High (s)
Uh-Oh (s)
Wise Advise (s)
I hope She’s All Right
Order To Engage
What’re You Tryin’ To Push On Us? x2
Bo Shuda
Underworld Contacts
Sandwhirl
Bagaining Table




Strategy: 


This is a powerful deck in the hands of an experienced player. It has great drains, powerful fighting power, and it murders TIEs. I used it to win the B’Ham Grand Slam, and it went 3-0. It won by 27, something like 17 and one really close game against HD, I only won by 4.

I played a slightly weaker deck at the DecipherCon team event, and it only lost to Martin Akesson’s Court flip, which I am not ashamed of at all. We’ve been having Closed tournaments, so it’s tournament record is 4-1.

Basically you just want to set up Tessek at the Audience Chamber with Bo Shuda to increase your drains, and give you a little bonus activation and save some force on your Raiders.

What you do after that depends on the deck you are playing against. I will have a more detailed explanation of what to do vs. each deck later.

Once Tessek is at the AC, a Palace Raider in a Patrol craft is deploy 2 and power 4, and it adds a battle destiny, can react, hold a pssenger and moves for free. It also makes all Force Drains +1.

Here’s why I play some of the cards I do:
Underworld Contacts:
Gives me Generation +1, 4 destiny, keeps drains from getting cancelled, raises my converted site to the top.

I Hope She’s Alright:
I sometimes have problems with a fast TIE deck, and this helps immensely. With no starships, this makes them come to me.

Aim High:
GREAT against TIEs and Court flip, also helps out against Scum. With this and I Hope She’s Alright, I can beat TIEs at least 80% of the time.

Lost In The Wilderness:
All my sites (besides the Bo Shuda one and my generators) are exterior planet sites, so why not?

Only 1 Trans Term and no duel protection:
I beat a Hunt Down deck to win the GS. I am not worried about Duels, because I have Enclosed vehicles to stick my Jedi in, and Visage doesn’t hurt me too bad because I can keep them on the table.

Only 1 Tessek:
He can’t die very easily, thanks to Bo Shuda, and You Will Take Me To Jabba Now will get him from reserve.

Mos Eisley and Lars’ Moisture Farm:
Mostly for generation, but it also gives me more sites to drain at. I can spread no problem to force drains, because I can react for free.

EPP Obi:
Ben Kenobi can only deploy on Tatooine, and this guy is great for taking out those pesky interior off-planet drains.

Against SAC I just use Wise Advise and catch their SAC cards.

Here’s what I do against common DS decks:

Hunt Down: Play smart. If you can cancel Visage early with a spy or Trans Term do so. If not, get Obi or Luke aboard a Patrol Craft with a Palac Raider and another character to get 2 destinies. Try to get your generation and spread and drain as much as possible. Order to Engage can help make them battle, and you can react your forces together.

TIEs: Set up I Hope She’s Alright and spread and drain like mad. Aim High will make them pay for their retrieval. You should be able to outdrain them with Tessek. If they have Battle Order, try to getthem off of their Battleground site.

BHBM: Let the have Luke and then just use your own judgement. Go after Vader if you think you can kill him, or spread and drain. If you’re scared of getting Circled, put Ben Kenobi in a vehicle and let him react and revive people. Use Broken Lando and Han and Leia to fight, along with (of course) Palace Raiders.

Court flip: This is probably this decks toughest game. Bo Shuda doesn’t protect your aliens from Trap Door, and your mains getting captured SUCKS! Stay away from the Audience Chamber and drain like mad. Broken Lando helps out a lot.

Space decks in general: Set up Tessek and spread and drain. Bargaining table helps a TON!

Well, I think that about covers it. Look for a tournament report showing how I used this deck in the next 2 or 3 days.

Thanks for reading!
Andy McClure




