---
layout: post
author: ! Alan "DrObiwannabe" Jern
title: ! "LS Deck #1200"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-02-21
description: ! 'A Massassi/Farm/Swamp start tricks opponent into starting CTR and pulling Evaders, but there aren't any revos. Basically, just activate a lot of force and create massive beatdowns. Great destiny in this deck too.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Y4 Massassi HQ
Careful Planning
Farm
Swamp

Locations
Tat Obi's Hut
Dag Yoda's Hut
Endor Chirpa's Hut
Hoth War Room
R. Point
CC Lower Corridor

Characters
EPP Obi x2
EPP Han x2
EPP Luke x2
EPP Leia
Boussh
ECC Lando
ECC Chewie
Jeron Webb
KFC
Orimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Wedge Antilles

Interrupts
Courage Of A Skywalker
Transmission Terminated x3
Bith Shuffle (to stop destiny tracking)
The Signal x2
Weapon Levitation
Dont Forget The Droids x2
Grimtaash
Glancing Blow
Put That Down
Slight Weapons Malfunction
I Know
The Force Is Strong With This One
Gift Of The Mentor
Skywalkers
Don't Get Cocky

Effects
Bacta Tank
Frozen Assets x2
Projection Of A Skywalker
Disarmed
Traffic Control
Battle Plan
Insurrection
Draw Their Fire
Goo Nee Tay

Starships
Millenium Falcon
Tantive IV
GLiG1
RLiR1

Creatures
Nudj x2 '

Strategy: '

The deck starts out identically to normal Revo decks. Get the nudjs to yavin as soon as you can. Start by drawing a lot. This does several things. It allows you to draw some more locations for activation, it gives a little time for your opponent to deploy something, and it is very likely that you will draw up at least one combo. By combo, I mean like 2 EPPs and the destiny adder between them. Once you have a nice little strike force of cards in your hand, just activate and wait until they deploy something weak. Recycle 5's and 6's to track them for maximum beatdown efficiency. After the first beatdown, just dominate wherever they are, pull in some drains and pretty much stop whatever they do.

Vs. HDADTJ The 3 Transmission Terminated's and 2 spies should be enough to take care of all their Visages. I have glancing blow and courage to protect from dueling, but destinies in this deck are really good too so dueling shouldnt be a huge problem.

Vs. ISB If its drop and drain, just get a DTF/Frozen Assets combo ready and kill them in one hit. Also, unless they're playing space ISB, get Battle Plan out to slow down drains. They won't be getting any force from you, so whatever they use to pay will be from their own icons.

Vs. Raltiir Ops Tantive IV to Raltiir slows them down. Once again, you should be getting a good amount of force, and they will be getting little. In this matchup, its just a matter of saving up, tracking a few destinies and waiting for the right combo. But it can be done.

Vs. DS Space Pile up your guys on the Falcon or Tantive and fly around on a beatdown mission. You can get bunches of destines to wipe out whatever they have. If you have to, drop the CC Lower Corridor and like Orimaarko to drain for 2 every turn.

If you face anything else, the strategy is mostly the same. Have fun '