---
layout: post
author: Martin "Mart" Akesson
title: 'The Celebration (The Conterpart)'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-11
description: ! 'more tech then in the dark version'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'starting stuff
Local Upprising/
Tatooine
Farm
heading for the med. frig.
squadron assignments
insurrection
stagin areas

locations
spaceport docking bay
tatooine docking bay
home one docking bay
spaceport street

starships
Tala 1
Tala 2
Gold squadron 1
Red squadron 1
green squadron 3
spiral
YT class freighter

characters
LT. blount
Colonel cracken
wedge, red squad leader
general calrissian
nien numb
tycho celchu
Ben Kenobi X2
Boushh
Leia with blaser
Han with blaster X2
Orrimaarko
Taws Khaa
Melas
Luke, jedi knigit
luke with saber
admiral ackbar

orders
ill take the leader X2

guns
obi-wans saber
anakins saber

red
Control X4
sense
fallen portal
rebel barrier
narrow escape
houjix
help me obi-wan kenobi
tunnel vision X4

tatooine celebration X2
battle plan
bacta tank
order to engage

+your favorite card

'

Strategy: '

-update-
if you fear hunt down, add curage o.a.s. with four tunnel visions you should be able to get  this card and jedi luke, and he is quite hard to cross over. play carefully and dont deploy ben/luke until you feel that they are secure. also, if they deploy vader somewhere on tatooine, you can keep running from him (unless he has got walkers). the locations should be deployed as follows tatooine docking bay - farm - <>street - <>docking bay. so if he deploys vader to the farm, deploy luke/ben to <>docking bay and when he starts to move towards you, use dockingbay transit to get to the other docking bay.

-<>-

More or less same strategy as the other deck. Deploy your ships cheep with squadron assignments to the <>docking bay (falcon is even deploy -2), then move them for free to the system. you will have plenty of activation thanks to staging areas. set up celebration and start retrieve.

Same here with ill take the leader your shipps are immune, your drains at the 2 docking bays are each +1, and you can relocate that YT-class freighter to any docking bay for battle damage, and then get it back to the system for free. since you will gain power at tatooine by controling the system, a lone ability 4 character will do very good on his own, but try to have ben and some other kid at one docking bay, and luke and pals at the other. If they wanna pick a fight, you have some suprise interrupts for them. tracking is pretty simple if you get celebration going. a fun deck to play, and not that hard to play it either.

(also, remember that opponents spies have a hard time to deploy to tatooine if blount and cracken are at the system)

/Martin Akesson

(check this decks counterpart The Occupation)	'