---
layout: post
author: ! John "Parn12" Digiovanni
title: ! "Throne Room Beat Down"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-12
description: ! "Becoming a very popular deck out there, so I gave it a whack, see how it goes."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (5)
Yavin 4 Massassi Throne Room
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Staging Areas
Strike Planning
Insurrection

Locations (7)
Cloud City Platform 327
Spaceport Docking Bay
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Home One Docking Bay
Endor Landing Platform
Yavin 4 Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Docking Bay

Characters (23)
Corporal Beezer
Corporal Kensaric
Ketwol
Tycho Celchu
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Derek ’Hobbie’ Klivian
Colonel Cracken
Green Leader
General Calrissian
General Crix Madine
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol x2
Leia With Blaster Rifle x2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Ben Kenobi
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Luke With Lightsaber
Lieutenant Blount
Orrimaarko
Kal’Falnl C’ndros
Tawss Khaa

Starships (8)
Tala 1
Tala 2
Millennium Falcon
Green Squadron 1
Green Squadron 3
Red Squadron 1
Red Squadron 4
Artoo-Detoo In Red 5

Interrupts (9)
Clash Of Sabers
The Signal x2
Insertion Planning x2
Rebel Barrier x2
Fallen Portal x2

Effects (4)
Goo Nee Tay
Lightsaber Proficiency
Traffic Control
Squadron Assignments

Weapons (3)
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber
Luke’s Lightsaber
Anakin’s Lightsaber

Admiral’s Orders (1)
I’ll Take The Leader '

Strategy: '

Wow, a whole month or so since I last posted... I’m getting rusty.  Well, this deck is my attempt to put a little bit of fire back into my game, seeing as how most of the lightside objectives always have something popular that just kills it, I’ll play away from the objectives for a little while.  This is pretty typical with any throne room mains deck, lots of characters, a lot of epps, shoot ’em up, kill ’em, win the game.  If he kills your guys... well, you still have 22 others to kill him with, so just keep coming down with all you got until you take the game out from under him.  Drains aren’t the focus of this deck, but with sabers and a pro you can use it as a last ditch effort if things start to go bad, 5 drainable docking bays and some protection at them could pose to be a nieusence to your opponent.

Early game strategy insurrection for H1 DB or Echo DB... 1/0 sites, so you steal force from your opponent, then they need a good spy to get there... pretty safe bet to drop an early Crixy and get some rebels... Kensaric is always a good call until you can get Goo Ney Tay, even after he is a hinderance.  Before you do much of anything, Strike Planning Calrissian and Madine out of your deck, two fewer 1’s to worry about.  The deck packs a few tricks to stop an attacking opponent, just in case mara does come at you on the second turn or so... Rebel Barrier, Fallen Portal... kill her is all that needs to be said.	Try to deprive your opponent of force for as long as you can, you have the throne room, H1 DB and Echo DB... up to 7 force for you and 0 for him.  When he starts getting a little more force the one extra from a few other DBs never hurts.. you may want to drain, or occupy and generate more force.

Ketwol is an interesting addition to a deck, first he’s an ability 2 scout (Crix bait) that can exchange a DB in hand for the top card of your lost pile, and also transit to or from where he is is free... which overrides D*II DB, it just ignores other bay’s game text... so you can go hunt down the emperor early.

After you feel that you’re set up as good as you want to be you can start hunting down your opponent, 2 copies of every main, a few scout spies, you pretty much can get anywhere.  If he’s playing space just squad assignments all your people out (2 Signals should get it reasonably fast) with their ships.. hopefully you’ll be able to play I’ll Take The Leader... beef immunity, 8 matching pairs... not a lot, but enough to beat your opponent really good one time if you’re destiny adding with epps.  As for deck specific strategies... I really can’t say, just play your game as well as you can and don’t worry about what kinda show your opponent is putting on for you.  Plan your attacks well and you should be good to go. '