---
layout: post
author: ! Eddie "ISBop" Brown
title: ! "Black Death"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-17
description: ! 'OK, people say RallOps is dead, let’s prove them wrong.  I’ve played this deck for about 8 months, and is undefeated in tournaments, even after JPSD.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'The Black Death

[STARTING CARDS]
Effects 3
   Combat Response   Imperial Arrest Order   Mobilization Points
Interrupts 1
   Prepared Defenses
Locations 1
   Ralltiir
Objectives 1
   Ralltiir Operations

[CARDLIST]
Characters 20
   1x 4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
   1x Admiral Ozzel
   1x Admiral Piett
   1x AT-ST Pilot
   1x Baron Soontir Fel
   1x Captain Godherdt
   1x Captain Sarkli
   1x Colonel Davod Jon
   1x Colonel Dyer
   1x Commander Igar
   1x Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
   1x DS-181-4
   1x DS-61-2
   1x Lieutenant Arnet
   1x Lieutenant Cabbel
   1x Lieutenant Commander Ardan
   1x Lord Vader
   1x Major Turr Phennir
   1x Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
   1x Officer Evax

Creatures 1
   1x Bubo

Effects 8
   1x Broken Concentration
   1x First Strike
   1x Insignificant Rebellion
   1x Reactor Terminal
   1x Search And Destroy
   1x Secret Plans
   1x Security Precautions
   1x There’ll Be Hell To Pay

Interrupts 3
   1x Imperial Barrier
   1x Masterful Move
   1x Twi’lek Advisor

Locations 7
   1x Death Star II Docking Bay
   1x Desert
   1x Jungle
   1x Kashyyyk
   1x Rendili
   1x Spaceport Docking Bay
   1x Spaceport Prefect’s Office

Starships 8
   1x Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
   1x Chimaera
   1x Dengar In Punishing One
   1x Devastator
   1x Saber 1
   1x Saber 2
   1x Saber 4
   1x Zuckuss In Mist Hunter


Vehicles 5
   1x Blizzard 2
   1x Blizzard Scout 1
   1x Tempest 1
   1x Tempest Scout 2
   1x Tempest Scout 5

Weapons 2
   1x Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
   1x Vader’s Lightsaber '

Strategy: '

This deck is absolutely the best deck I have ever played.  It seems weird, with all kinds of "staple" cards missing, like Battle Order, etc., but once it gets going it’s unstoppable.  I don’t know, maybe it’s just me that makes it so good D.

This deck eats Profit and EBO alive.  Against EBO, just get out Mara and Vader with their choppin’ sticks to the AC, and some walkers and pilots to JP.  First and foremost, swipe Han.  That direct damage from the objective will screw you up if you don’t do something.  After you beat some people up in the AC, laugh when they run their mains to JP, where their sabers can’t target vehicles P.

Space is yours.  Dominate it.  Saber Squad absolutely rules.  If you want to lock down a system, simply stick down Saber 1 w/ Baron piloting, and Bossk in Bus.  Power 13 at least, 3 destinies, +3 or 4 from ITHOTE.  Muahahahah

Screw Ounee Taa.  I have yet to find a single player who uses it, just because it’s only good against RallOps, and no that everyone thinks it’s dead, no one uses.  Just the time to give them a nice surprise.  Even if they do play it, you still don’t give them THAT much force.  Also, you will still have far superior power on your sites, so you should be able to beat them off.  Just make sure they don’t control 2.  You might be in trouble then, but I don’t know.  No one yet has invaded Ralltiir while I have played this deck D.

You MUST BATTLE to win.  This deck, like most RallOps decks, must battle to succeed.  But this one in particular, with no back-up plans like drains or direct damage.  This might seem really stupid, but trust me, it works.  Just track Masterful if you need a good destiny.  Hey, look at it this way I’m rated in the mid-1500s, and this deck is undeafeated in 20+ tourney games, winning against 1600, 1700, and 1800 rated players.  Quite a testament to this deck’s power.

[Notes]
   Grab Rendili w/ Mobilization Points after you draw your hand.  Pull SP DB and a Rall site (preferably Office) first turn.  Make sure that DB goes in the middle to get the most force from MPoints. What you do now depends on your hand.  You have an excellent chance of getting 3 Imps to flip with.  If no <> site, on 2nd turn, grab the 3rd <> with the objective, play in on the end (DB in middle), drop Imps, flip.  Make sure that if you use a 2/2 Imp to flip, he goes at the DB.  Use IAO to grab D*II DB (hopefully it’s there, if not, it’s OK), then move your 2/2 guy (if there’s on there) to the D*II DB.  He’ll be safe there, generating 3 with MPOints.  If you flip with Davod Jon, stick him at the Office alone.  LS is highly unlikely to attack a power 6 destiny guy on the 2nd turn.  If you do get a <> site in your hand, great.  Play it on the 1st turn, and if you can, get a scrub down first turn too, to give yourself some extra force next turn.  On turn 3, you should activate a bunch from the +2 of Mobilization Points.  Keep grabbing stuff (such as Tempests and pilots) with ITHOTE to fortify Ralltiir.  When at least 3 locations are locked down, commence battling.  Beatdown wherever they are, except Dagobah.  Against a training deck, grab locations and power guys and drain like mad.  You MUST drain fast, early, and hard to beat a Dagobah-based deck.  Within several turns, and with a little luck, most of their stuff should be beaten off the table.  Make sure to grab a card every time w/ Insignificant	This is a great card just because that’s unretrievable force.  In average game, you should have between 5 and 10 cards locked there.  That helps out tons.
    Against Profit, flip quick and keep dropping stuff to AC every turn.  Put everything you have into the AC.	They CANNOT flip  Profit damage really sucks, as it’s uncancelable.  Just keep lots and lots of stuff at the AC, and battle elsewhere.  This the hardest matchup, but is very doable.
   HB is a kind of difficult matchup, but it’s important to get out Saber Squad, BiHT, and DiPO.  All those destinies and adding to totals works wonders when you have a total battle destiny of 15 or so.  Grab Security Precautions and try to probe ASAP.  Your’re in trouble if they start canceling your drains.  Beware of Liberty, it’s evil against your high attrition.
    Against anything else, just battle them to hell.  Should be a pretty easy game. '