---
layout: post
author: ! Keith "Gen" Watabayashi
title: ! "Celebrating Rebel Leadership"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-22
description: ! 'Activation, Space, Ground, Drains, and Retrieval. What more do you need?'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective(1)
Hiddden Base/Systems...

Locations(10)
Rendevous Point
Endor
Tatooinex2
TatooineCantina
TatooineMos Eisley
TatooineDune Sea
TatooineJundland Wastes
Jabba’s PalaceEntrance Cavern
Home OneWar Room

Characters(17)
First Officer Thaneespi
General Carlist Rieekan
General Mquarrie
Admiral Ackbar
Jedi Lukex2
Major Haash’n
General Crix Madine
Ben Kenobix2
Orrimaarko
General Walex Blissex
General Calrissian
Colonel Cracken
Nien Nunb
Lt. Blount
General Solo

Effects(10)
Strike Planning (SE)
Squadron Assingments (SE)
Your Insight... (SE)
Close Air Support
Do, or Do Not
Tatooine Celebrationx2
Menace Fades
Honor of the Jedi
Battle Plan

Weapons(2)
Luke’s Saber
Obi’s Saber

Interrupts(15)
Heading for the... (SI)
Rebel Barrier
Warrior’s Courage
Rebel Leadershipx2
Run, Luke Run
Out of Nowhere
Tunnel Visionx3
Help me Obi-Wan Kenobix2
Smoke Screen
A Few Maneuvers
Jedi Presence

Starships(5)
Tala 1
Tala 2
Home One
Gold Squadron 1
Independance '

Strategy: '

Get set up in space first with Gold 1 and at least one of the Tala ships. Then draw for Tatooine sites to put people at for celebration. Once celebaration is up get out Close Air Support and hold the system with whatever ships you have. Ideally, the Super Mon and a Tala are at Tatooine, and G1 is wreacking havok if your opponent is in space. From here, set up Ground drains and use Help Me Obi-Wan Kenobi to get people into battles. Vader/Tarkin just battle Orrimaarko? No Problem. Let’s "Help Me" General Solo into that battle. Next, I think Luke wants to "Run" to their aide. What do you know, I have a "Jedi Presence" now, and I’ll add a destiny with Solo being a general. Look Solo is with a scoutl, no destiny for you. Plus, Close Air support lets me draw a power destiny, plus add another battle destiny because of Tala 1 being at Tatooine.
Just do tech like that and you’ll do fine. (Granted that example was the best one, but HMOK gets whatever kind of character I need (be them general for leadership, scout for close air, or jedi for presence) so spreading out to drain and retrieve is not a problem). Also, by utilizing The Menace Fades and Battle Plan this deck seriously hurt a "All-one-arena" (ground or space) opponent.
This is a solid deck that is surprising and fun. Try it '