---
layout: post
author: ! Magnus "Darth Deke" Hansson
title: ! 'The deal is getting worse all the time..'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-30
description: ! 'Now stop sulking lando and do as I say.I simply put it have a large beat down and large drain in this deck.Won many games with it.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting 4
TDIGWATT/PIDAIAF (Objective)
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber
Secret Plans
Twilek Advisor
Crush the Rebellion

Locations 7 (all interoir)
Cloud City West Gallery
Cloud City Chasm Walkway
Cloud City Lower Corridor
Cloud City Upper Plaza Corridor
Cloud City Incinerator
Bespin Cloud City
Bespin

Charachters 24
Captain Bewil
Cheif Retwin
Lieutenant Sheckil
Trooper Jeroll Blendin
DVDLOTS
Vader With Lightsaber
Grand Moff Tarkin
Mara Jade
Boba Fett with Blaster
Lyn Me
Ugloste
Jabba
Bane Malar
Djas Puhr
IG-88 with gun
4-LOM woth gun
Dr. Evazan
Trooper Davin Felth
Sergeant Wallen
Ephant Mon
Ree-Yees
Brangus Glee
Gela Yeens
Jodo Kast

Weapons 5
Dr. Evazans sawed off blaster
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber
SFS L-s9.3 Laser Cannons x2

Ships 7
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Dengar in Punishing One
Tie Defender Mark 1 x2
OS-72-1 In Obsidian 1
OS-72-2 In Obsidian 2

Interrupt 5
Twilek Advisor
Surface Defense
Sorry about the mess
Oota Goota Solo
Evader

Effects 8
All Too Easy
Resistance
There is no try
Dark Deal
Cloud City Occupation
Security Precautions
Traffic Control
Battle Order

'

Strategy: '

I will not go into detail on all things here since this deck is a very nasty draining machine. If it works fast for you you will have your opponent in battle at Cloud City and that is ok. Perfect for me.

I have played it many times and won maybe 90 % of my games so far. Locations is a possible problem so draw cards for them. Also deploy both Bespin and Bespin Cloud City with the Objective at once. If your opponent will deploy to them so much the better.

The setup will be to get your drain starting at Carbonite Chamber first. Try to keep the objective flipped if you have All to Easy in your hand. That is a very fast kill Freezing your opponent.

Against different decks there are not that many options given to you. If you think you will face a numbers deck there is Resistance. I usually start with Crush the Rebellion since protection against many destiny and also clash of sabers.

I have thought about putting in Prescense of the force to get more activation as well as drain. I should probably do that but have not so far.

Hidden Base Sucurity precation is good to start with.

MWYHL you will try to be fast and maybe get lucky to drain much at once. Do not worry against being beaten down since that is not as likely with your power up of +4 from Dark Deal.

Operatives start with Battle Order and get your drain starting fast. You should not loose against operatives with this deck.

Profit decks are also not to hard to beat. My drain will kill them and even if they come up to Cloud City they will not last long. Do not use the option to deploy at Audience Chamber. Stay with your sites.

That is it and please let me know what you think can be improved.

Darth Deke

'