---
layout: post
author: ! Tim "DS-61-4" Linden
title: ! "HarvestStorm  v 1 0"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-06-11
description: ! "This deck combines the early force generation of Tosche Station with the massive retrival power of Harvest."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(3)
Tatooine Lars' Moisture Farm
Careful Planning
Tatooine Tosche Station

Locations(4)
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Obi-Wan's Hut
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room

Characters (21)
Artoo
Ben Kenobi  x2
Beru Lars  x3
BoShek
Boussh
Chewie With Blaster Rifle  x2
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Jeroen Webb
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Master Luke  x2
Orrimaarko
Owen Lars  x3
Tawss Khaa

Starships (2)
Lando In Millennium Falcon
Millennium Falcon

Interrupts (24)
Alter
Clash Of Sabers
Courage Of A Skywalker
Gift Of The Mentor
Glancing Blow
Harvest  x5
I Know
Life Debt
Nabrun Leids  x2
Punch It
Sense  x4
Shocking Information
Transmission Terminated
Tunnel Vision  x3

Effects (4)
A Gift
Bacta Tank
Lightsaber Proficiency
Traffic Control

Weapons (2)
Anakin's Lightsaber
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber
'

Strategy: '

Well, this deck is an odd combonation of both Tosche Mains and Harvest. It is called HarvestStorm for the extroidinary force activation which you can quickly use to get both the mains and the Lars' going.

The Norm

You always start Tosche Station, Careful Planning and Lars' Moisture Farm. That is obvious.Try to get out either Ben Or Master Luke to the Tosche Station as possible	and at the same time get Leia, Han, Chewie and Orrimaarko or Tawass Ready for a major beatdown squad. When you lose 4 or so force,  get out the Lars and start the retrival engine, if you have enough force, you can move both Ben and Luke to the Farm to protect the site, if not, just move luke and put another chessy charecter down with Ben for forfiet. Keep a decent drain going with the Lightsabers on Tatooine, while you drive your opponent Nuts with the Beatdown Squad.

Specs

vs. HD -- Hunt down decks almost always go after you, so you can create a good stronghold at Tatooine and wait, if they are not coming, you can still out drain them with your Harvest to retrive what you lose, use either Transmission Terminated, Jeroen Webb, or Boussh to kill of their Visage and then use a Nabrun to get them out of there if need be. Make sure to use tunnel visions to look for your Anti-Dueling cards such as Courage of a Skywalker and Glancing Blow.

vs. Ral Ops -- You need to try to get early activation at theTosche Station as early as possible, then set up Ben and Luke, make sure to at least have Han, Leia, and Chewie out before you go attack them, it will cost you a lot to deploy, but personally, I'd rather battle them on their home turf before they flip the objective then where Owen and Beru are afterwards. If you can get Lando In Falcon or Super Falcon Down, that is good and should help you a lot in stoppong their Flipping, at least for a while. If can get BoShek on the Falcon for the Destiny, you can use Punch It to stop them at least once.

vs. COTVG -- This is one of the decks you should easily be able to beat, this deck is really set well against all of the aspects of Court. First, try to get out Artoo and then A Gift so that you can totally take out their drains as well as their destinies. You have plenty of Destiny adders so that you can take out anybody trying to capture you before they can take away Owen or Beru when they shoot them. Leave the Lar's and Luke Behind and take the rest in for a Power filled show down at Jabba's Audiance Chamber

vs. Rumors -- This may be a tough win because of their spectacular drains in space, I have usually played against it totally differently then I do against most decks, here is what I do

1. Set up the Super Falcon in space, using Bacta Tank to repeatedly save one of your non-needed passangers like Tawass Khaa or someone like that.

2. Use Master Luke and Orrimaarko or Ben and Orrimaarko (if you can get Ben to Endor) to beat down you oppponent on Endor, lose cards and then Harvest them back instead of losing these pivital charecters, as they are hard to replace with Perimeter Patrol and IAO out.

3. Use the other Main (Ben or MasterLuke) to stay with the Lar's at the Farm and Harvest until the all puke.

If you use this advice, you should be able to win against most Rumors Decks.

Well that's about it, I need a lot of suggestions, so dig the deck into pieces
'