---
layout: post
author: ! Paul "The Emperor" Strangio
title: ! 'Bring Him Before Me, Dark Jedi Style'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-21
description: ! 'Win EVERY battle and, when you can, convert Luke to the Dark Side.  If Luke is looking bold, drain them out.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting . . .


BHBM Objective
Death Star II  Throne Room
Insignificant Rebellion
Your Destiny
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
Battle Order


Objectives (1)

Bring Him Before Me/Take Your Father's Place

Characters - Imperial (14)

Commander Igar
Emperor Palpatine
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Lord Vader x3
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
Sergeant Elsek (w/ Avarik, adds 2 to total B.S...when forfeited at same site as your other biker scout, satisfies ALL attrition AND Battle Damage)
Corporal Drelosyn (w/ Irol, adds one B.S.)
Sergeant Irol (deploy as a 'react' -1, when targeted by High Speed Tactics or Get Alongside that one adds 2 to destiny draw)
Corporal Misik (w/ Barich and on vehicle, adds vehicle's maneuver to total power)
Sergeant Barich (when in battle w/ another biker scout, draws 1 destiny and subtract from opponent's attrition and total power)
Speeder Bike Pilot (To Pull Speeder Bikes)

Effects (13)

Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
Battle Order
Insignificant Rebellion
Your Destiny
Royal Escort
Aratech Corporation
Search and Destroy
Relentless Tracking
Security Precautions
Perimeter Control
Emperor's Power
Overseeing it Personally

Interrupts (12)

Prepared Defenses
Alter x2
Sense x2
Twi'lek Advisor x2
High-Speed Tactics x2
Rise, My Friend
Force Lightning
Young Fool

Locations - System (1)

Carida

Locations - Site (7)

Endor Back Door (2 DS, 2 LS)
Endor Bunker (1 DS, No LS; Only move there from Back Door)
Endor Dark Forest (Imperial present, Force Drain +1 ... 2 DS, 1 LS)
Endor Forest Clearing (Vehicles Power +1, Force Drains +1 ... 2DS, 1LS)
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Death Star II Throne Room
Death Star II Docking Bay

Weapons (3)

Speeder Bike Cannon x3

Vehicles (6)

Tempest 1
Speeder Bike x5

Starships (3)

IG-88 in IG-2000 (Hidden Base Prober)
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter'

Strategy: '

First turn, before you activate, pull the Carida System from the reserve deck, using Mobilization Points.  So, with the Throne Room out and the Carida System, you will be activating 5 force minimum (first turn).  Activate, then during your deploy phase, search your Reserve to pull the D*2 Docking Bay.  Deploy the docking bay, then using the BHBM text, deploy the Emperor (-2) there to get the activation.  By the Activation Phase of the second turn, you will be activating a minimum of 9 force from only 3 sites (not bad).  Going on to the next turn, allows me to pull the Endor	Landing Platform and activate even more force.	Force generation is not a problem in this deck.  By the third turn, you should have at least one Vader into hand.  Deploy him on the Landing Platform, with some help if needed.  Also, you should have Sim Aloo and Janus to reinforce Emperor Palpatine at the D*2 Docking Bay.

Now, onto more important matters.  Use the 2 Twi'leks to get out the Effects that you need during a specific game.  Of course, against Hidden Base, you'd want to get out Security Precautions, etc.

Get as many Endor sites as you can, deployed.  Deploy all of your speeder bikes and pilots out there.  With your Royal Escort on the table and either Bossk in his Bus or ZuckusinMH occupying the Carida system (with Aratech Corporation in place) your speeder bike pilots on their bikes are power 5's, Defense Value 5's. (There's a Son of Skywalker for ya)  Then, if you get a Speeder Bike Cannon out there, they are better than Mara Jade w/ Emperor Palpatine on Table (Power 7's, Defense Value 5's, and a shot).  Spread yourself out, then when opponent feels it's necessary to lay the beatdown on one of your speeder bikes, react like mad.  If they Sense your reacts, Alter them.  Also, with all of the special text of each speeder bike, battles will be easy to win. (the point of the deck...stack cards, then turn Luke)

Perimeter Patrol will hurt them badly if they want to even think about laying the beatdown to your speeder bikes.  If they are playing the drain game and don't want to come play, shuttle the Emperor (with Overseeing it Personally) over to the Landing Platform with Janus and Sim to drain like draino on Endor.

If they deploy Luke early, capture him and get him to the Throne Room with the Emperor as quickly as possible to get Vader to win a few duels and hurt them for 3 force each turn.  If they think Honor of the Jedi is going to help them here, think again.  With your speeder bikes controlling all Endor sites, it will be cake for the "Man" (Emperor Palpatine) to Alter that Effect.

Relentless Tracking and Search and Destroy are two AWESOME Effects that will deal Direct Damage to an opponent who either wishes to come and play or hide away on another planet.  Either way, you win.

Sim Aloo and Janus will manipulate Opponent's Destiny draw and help you get any card you want out of the reserve.

That's about it.  A simple deck with one objective in mind.  Kick-Ass...

Watch Out For Following LS Cards (Of course, these are what my Sense cards are for)

Alter (Interrupt...cancels Royal Escort)
Insertion Planning (Interrupt....If I'm moving to same site as scout, they can take my speeder bike pilot and easily send him to the used pile)
Cards that Alter or Stop my "reacts"

Cards I Wish I Had Room For

Come Here You Big Coward
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber
Empire's New Order
General Veers
Myn Kyneugh
Force Pike
Speeder Bike Cannon
AT-AT Cannon
Rise, My Friend
Force Lightning
Grand Moff Tarkin
Focused Attack

Please feel free to give ANY review you'd like.  I'd love to hear input from other kick-ass Star Wars Players...thanks

(Edit) P.S.--I wish I'd known that HTML looks like crap on Decktech ;p) '