---
layout: post
author: ! Adam "General Solo" Prosak
title: ! 'Hidden Base Control'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-17
description: ! 'Fake Hidden Base deck that uses Hidden Base to gain a superior activation advantage while eliminating the possiblility of drawing a 0 for destiny.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objectives (1)
Hidden Base

Locations (10)
RendezVous Point
Dagobah
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Tatooine
Kaskyyyk
Chandrillia
Hoth
Tibrin
Alderan
Hidden Base indicator

Characters (16)
Yoda
Obi-Wan Kenobi w/Lightsaber x2
Luke w/Lightsaber x2
Captain Han Solo x2
Leia w/Blaster Rifle x2
Lando w/Blaster Rifle
Melas
Tawss Khaa
Orinmaarko
Jereon Webb
Harc Seff
Figruin D'an

Devices (2)
Landing Claw x2

Starships (7)
Milenium Falcon x2
RL in R1
GL in G1
Tantine IV
Redemption
Spiral

Interupts (13)
The Signal x2
Shocking Information x2
Rebel Barrier x2
It Could Be Worse x2
Under Attack
Out of Comssion
Transmission Terminated x2
I Know

Effects (11)
Wise Advice
Battle Plan
What Are You Trying to Push On Us? x2
Order to Engage
Traffic Control
Projection of a Skywalker x2
Bacta Tank
Our Most Desperate Hour
The Planet That It's Farthest From '

Strategy: '

The most powerful LS objective?  Hidden Base. By alot.	Not because you can pull drain systems and swarm with X-Wings, but because you can deploy as many 2-1 systems as you want without cluttering your deck with 0's.  That is the principal behind this deck.  Every game, I will have 9 locations in play and my deck will not have any 0's.  Very important when very few characters are immune to any attirtion.

The Locations (10)- RPoint because you have to, Dagobah and the Hut for safe activation and Yoda(he is good), Chandrillia and Kashyyyk for advantageous GT, Hoth for CAptian Han if the Falcon is absent.  Tibrin is the MVP of this deck (see below), Tatooine and alderan for OMDH (go Faulke HB)

Luke and Obi (4) - these eliminate DS characters on the ground.  They usually kill one character with their saber and another with attrition.

Han, Leia, Claw I Know and the Falcon (9)- this is unstoppable.  If you can claw stuff, you can choose your battles, and C. Han can force redraws of anything above your immunity.  Bossk and Dengar are the only things that can bust this up and I know wreks them and then some.  Makes Tibrin sweet and OMDH possible.

Lando, Melas, Tawss, Orinmaarko (4)- support in fighting.  Attrition down DS forces by teaming them up with Luke and Obi don't forget the GT

Jereon, Harc, and Figurin (3)- effects with ability.  The first two are spies.	If you flip HB when they have 1 force left, you will end the game with no lost force.  Good for differential.

Yoda- he is so cool.  He makes OMDH  better and the Falcon unstoppable, Ben and Luke don't die to weak destiny draws.	Consider him a bonus if you draw into him but he isn't essential.

ships (5)- make sure you activation advantage doesn't get drained at.	activte extra at Chandrillia if you can, claw with the leaders.

Signal, Shock, OoC(5)-not as many as recycables as Faulkes HB, but I like all my cards to be useful in game sitations, not just ways for my opponent to see my deck.

Barrier, ICBW and TT(6)- reasons why I can play with so few recyclables.  These are very useful and good destiny.  ICBW is my numbers defense.	DftD is bad because DS numbers isn't really good.

Wise Advice and grabbers (3)- against mains decks, start Wise Advice.  There are so many things to grab.  Grab a card like Shut Him Up or Shut Him Down and use Tibrin to retrieve it.

PoaS, TPTIFF and Battle Plan(4)- Start Battle Plan against drain decks and PoaS any large drain.  If you can force them to pay 3 to drain for 1, you will win.	These allow your mains to target only a few locations.

The Tank and OtE(2)- these cards can win you the game.	CAtch their respective bullets and use Tibrin to retrive them frequently

Traffic Control and OMDH (2)- puts cards in your life force, booots differential enough said.

Tibrin is so good- losing 3 force is nothing for the ability to make any card you want impossible to get rid of.  Get this 2nd turn with HB (after Dagobah) so you don't lose it.  Visage will stay off the table if TT can't be eliminated, Bacta Tank makes your mains sweet.  It is imperative that you slow early force losses so that you can abuse Tibrin.  The key to winning is to force your opponent to pay 3 force to drain for 1.  Tibrin allows you squeak out a win in most of your games.  Once you win, drain them down to 1 force then flip.  Then Figruin and/or OMDH will allow you to retrieve your entire lost pile.  You get large differentials with this deck.  ROps is this deck's toughest matchup because +4 deploy for your mains is bad and if they flip, you can't deal damage to them unless you face that +4 deploy.  Yoda is important as is Under Attack.  Try to get the Super Falcon to Raltiir and a large fighting force to one Raltiir site.  If you can maintain a solid holding anywhere on Raltiir, you can win.

CArds I considered adding- Legendary starfighter and UNCFury-  While legendary starfighter will harass the opponent, I couldn't get it to work enough.  I couldn't keep an ability 4 character on the table against Vader(except Yoda) and I would rather save myself from losing force than inflicting damage. '