---
layout: post
author: Jim "Stimmed Jim" Li
title: 'Yet another one of my ebo decks'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-02
description: ! 'something outta the norm'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations
hoth docking bay
hoth war room
hoth corridor
MPG
North Ridge
Tatooine
Hoth
Kashyyyk
Kiffex

characters
I-shi-tibs x3
Boushh
JK Luke
Arcona
Capt. Han
Wedge RSL
Obi wan x2
Boshek

ships
Falcon
Red Leader in Red 1
artoo in red 5
x-wing x9

red
ANSB
First Aid
Order to Engage
Out of No Where
Wise Advice
Rebel Fleet
Squadron Assignments
Signal x3
Hyper Escape
Projection of a skywalker
Rebel barrier x2
EBO
WYTTPOU x2
Leg. Starfighter
Windchime x3
Control x2
Alter x2
Incom corp x2
Transmission Term
'

Strategy: '

okay okay okay, i had some guy tell me to take out a grabber... NO can’t you see how important those two grabbers are to this deck?  I’d put in another if i had the room.  with the grabbers and alters + controls the opponent simply cannot afford to sense your stuff, assume you have an alter and a control in hand, if they want to sense your rebel barrier or hyper escape they have to pay 5 force total to do it, and if you have both in your hand, or two barriers, or more alters and controls, its basically impossible for them to do it.  so i NEED all the grabbers i have in there, can you imagine how sucky this deck would be if they could just freely sense all your barriers and hyper escapes?

against Blast Door Controls, just alter it.


actually an x-wing cannon is pretty important, take out an Incom Corp for an X-wing cannon

well, i was playing around with my superfalcon ebo deck when i thought, you know, these games would be a lot easier to win if i was draining for 3 at like 3 systems...  so i took it apart and built this, which looks pretty good.

oh yeah, the reason Boshek is in there instead of melas is that against huntdown you can still track boshek and alter search and destroy

start controlling the opponent’s drains with Rebel fleet, Projection, and Boussh, by the 4th turn you should have a couple systems in your control and some battle preventer cards in your hand.	save most ships in your hand and have like an x-wing per system, your base power is 7 to start with so no one is gonna beat them down too bad.	let the play their ships and the hit them back with the falcon and legendary starfighter.  no one will occupy Imp Decree with Obi at the docking bay and arcona at the first marker.  JK luke can go in both space and ground.	put wedge on board with han and put either JK luke or boshek in Red 5.	if they drop search and destroy, alter it.  don’t fear any senses because you have grabber x2, control x2, alter x2, and a wise advice, there’s no way any senses are gonna get through that net.  I@#$%ibs lets you track hyper escape and out of no where and play it turn after turn.   most Dark decks will play around 5-6 ships, when they play them, barrier, hyper escape, or out of no where so they don’t beat you down, and then either fight them or block their drain and hyper escape every turn, just be careful of ds-181-3 or guys like him.  Use first aid to soften up the damage if they do manage to hit you for some force loss. you really only need to get a couple turns of huge drains in to kill your opponent.

jim li	  '