---
layout: post
author: Steve "DRIFFTER" Skilton
title: 'Court Beatdown/Manipulation'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-17
description: 'A deck designed to surprise your opponents.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Start:
Court of the Vile Gangster
Prepared Defenses
First Strike
Secret plans

Against Hidden Base start Twi’lek and Security Precautions.

(1)Objective:
Court of the Vile Gangster

(9)Locations:
JP: Dungeon
JP: Audience Chamber
Tatooine: Great Pit of Carkoon
3x Tatooine
DB 94
Jundland Wastes
Cantina

(21)  Characters;
4x Outer Rim Scouts
2x Dr. Evanzan
2x Mara Jade
Jabba the Hutt
Boelo
Ree-Yees
Jodo Kast
Ephant Mon
Djas Puhr
Brangus Glee
4-Lom w/ concussion Rifle
Dannik Jerriko
Kithaba
Dengar w/ blaster carbine
IG-88 w/ Riot Gun
Ortugg

(9)  Effects:
Scum and Villainy
First Strike
Presence of the Force
Security Precautions
Secret Plans
Lateral Damage
Tatooine Occupation
No Bargain
Bad Feeling Have I

(7)  Interrupts
Prepared Defenses
2x Twil’ek Advisor
3x Imperial Barrier
Abyssin Ornament

(4)  Green
Mara’s lightsaber
Dr. E’s Sawed off Blaster
Vibro Ax
Jet Pack

(2)  Creatures
Bubo
Sarlacc

(7)  Starships
Jabba’s Space Cruiser
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Ig-88 in IG2000
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Dengar in Punishing One


Strategy: 

This deck is always interesting for you and your opponent. They aren&#8217;t prepared for Court Decks and most people won&#8217;t know what to expect.  You can start with Presence of the Force on the Dungeon to get those three battlegrounds out and cancel Honor of the Jedi.	You will also be activating a lot of force as well so getting those ships out shouldn&#8217;t be tough to do. Just deploy all over Tatooine and set up Scum and Villainy and Tatooine Occupation. If your opponent is playing hidden base you won&#8217;t last long in Space but you will be able to probe their system and then drain on the ground.  The best thing is your opponent doesn&#8217;t expect this and you&#8217;ll start off quick enough to really start hurting them.	Try not to flip your objective and if it happens feed stuff to the Sarlacc. Barrier any big stuff or keep them from getting that destiny until you can bring reinforcements.

Against Hidden Base:  Wait for them to flip then probe Tatooine.  Sit there, initiate, retrieve ship, deploy ship and initiate again. Probe only systems you know aren&#8217;t the base so you&#8217;ll be able to battle there w/o the damage.  If you need to you can get rid of the objective so they can&#8217;t cancel your drains.

Profit: HA! Start Mara and Ephant Mon. That&#8217;s it they&#8217;re done. Especially if Han wanders to the pit of carkoon.

Mind What You Have Learned:  Land and hurt them.

There is good in Him: Kill Luke. Battle, Drain, Retrieve. Game over.

