---
layout: post
author: Jim "NewJedi00" Sells
title: 'Bringing Back DR.E V.2'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-22
description: 'This deck uses under used cards to help against popular deck strategies.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Locations: (9)
Coruscant
Death Star
Endor
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace: Dungeon
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Great Pit of Carkoon
Tatooine: Jundland Waste
Tatooine: Lars' Moisture Farm

Characters: (22)
4-Lom w/ Rifle
Bane Malar
Boba w/ Blaster
Boelo
Bossk w/ Gun
Brangus Glee
Chall Bekan
Dannik Jerriko
Danz Borin
Dengar w/ Blaster
Djas Puhr
Dr. E x 3
Ephant Mon
Gela Yeens
IG-88 w/ Gun
Jabba x 2
Mara x 2
Outer Rim Scout

Creature: (1)
Bubo

Ships: (5)
Boba Fett in Slave I
Boosk in Hounds Tooth
Dengar in Punishing one
Jabba's Space Cruiser
Zuckass in Mist Hunter

Interrupts: (7)
Elis Helrot x 2
Hutt Smooch
Point Man
Surface Defence
Twi'lek Advisor x 2

Effects: (14)
Battle Order
Disarmed x 4
Expand the Empire
First Strike
Oppressive Enforcement
Resistance
Scum and Villainy x 2
Secret Plans
There is no Try
There'll be hell to pay

Weapons: (1)
Mara's saber

Objective (1)
Court of the Vile Gangster







Strategy: 

I took to heart some of the sugestions I recieved and changed the deck, it seems to work a little better this way. Remember this is not a deck I built for tournaments but it can easily play in that environment.

I will break down strategy by card type. Start w/ the obvious 3 sites. Coruscant and D* are for the force potential, Endor for the space drain, and the Tatooine sites for their game text.

The cast of Characters really work well together and you have huge battle potential. I put in Dannik Jerriko as an end all for mains. With all the guys you have with guns, you should be able to hit some good mains. He dosn't last long, but with Scum, he comes back over and over, try to always retrieve him. I might pull a Mara and add an Amanaman for the same effect, just don't know yet.
Guys like the Outer Rim Scout come out easy with Chall and are a wrecker on the Space Cruiser. I try to keep him and Danz up there piloting.

The ships are pretty self explanatory. I play with redundant cards in the ships and characters, but I don't see it as a waste of cards as I can pull ships as I need them with Court, and if worse comes to worse, Jabba's Cruiser can hold it's own by just adding people to it.

For the intterupts, you start either Twi'lek or SD. I just depends on what I see from the opponent. The rest are protection and beat down cards.

Effects are hard. I should probably put in a Security Precautions, but the current Tournament scene dosn't warrent it, that's why it's not in, if I thought I would see alot of space I would add it. My default start is Oppressive Enforcement. But if I think they are playing odds or droid crap then I drop Surface defense and the 3 effects. Try to get scum up and going and keep Jabba alive.

That's it talk to me if you have good suggestions. 