---
author: Scott "Maverick" Shepherd
title: 'Endor Ops/Impoerial Outpost'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-14
description: 'A quick flip Endor Ops deck that utilizes biker scouts and their rides...'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objectives(1)
Endor Ops/Imperial Outpost

Locations(9)
Endor
Landing Platform
Bunker
Back Door
Forest Clearing
Dark Forest
Ancient Forest
Dense Forest
Fondor

Characters
Sergeant Barrich
Lt. Grond
Corp. Avarik
Sergeant Elsek
Sergeant Irol
Corp. Misik
Corp. Drelosyn
Biker Scout Trooper x2
Darth Vader, DLOTS x2
Ephant Mon

Vehicles(5)
Speeder Bike x5

Starships(5)
Executor
Bossk/Hounds Tooth
Dengar/Punishing One
Zuckass/Mist Hunter
Fett/Slave I

Critters(1)
Bubo

Effects(11)
Ominous Rumours
Establish Secret Base
Perimeter Patrol
Blast Door Controls
Security Precautions
Come Here You Big Coward
Crush the Rebellion
Secret Plans
Reactor Terminal
Imperial Arrest Order
Battle Order

Weapons(1)
Vaders Sabre

Interrupts(15)
Torture
High-Speed Tactics
Evader
Twi-Lek Advisorx3
Always Thinking w/Stomachx2
Tactical Supportx3
Masterful Move
Shut Him Up/Down
Shocking Revelation
Main Course 

Strategy: 

This deck is designed to try to flip your objective as quickly as possible while utilizing the amazing game text of many of your biker scouts.

   The deck also incorporates many if not all of the red shield strategy cards, so your starting effect should really depend on what you expect to face...

   vs.Ops
Start Battle Plan or Perimeter patrol if you think you can somehow flip first.	 Use tactical support to get your combat awesome scouts into your hand once you've flipped to go rack out on the liberated planet with Choke Vader for operatives hanging around(super high destiny for choking)or high speed tactics for those in speeders.  Otherwise you should be able to outdrain them in space with drains of 4 and 2 at Endor and Fondor even with the opposing objective flipped.

   vs. Mind What You Have Learned
Start Perimeter Patrol and flip as fast as possible.  You should be able to drain huge before too many tests become a problem,	then get one of your starships to Dagobah and land 'en mass' to drain there too or to get Vader to where Yoda or Luke/Leia is to spank 'em.

   vs. Profit/Destroyed
Start Perimeter Patrol, flip as fast as possible and let them release Han.  Once he's out go after him with Vader( 50% chance of choking him out with your huge destiny in the deck...31 cards destiny 4 or higher). Try to find Secret Plans to slow them down, if not you should be able to outdrain them on Endor and in space.  If he spreads out hammer him with scouts, if he concentrates forces...you retrieve a force a turn to offset his occupation damage.

   vs. Hidden Base
Start Perimeter Patrol, try to find Effant Mon asap and get him in the bunker to protect from crappy spies, you should have plenty of time to find security precautions before the objective can flip so there really is no rush for that.  Drain away on the ground while trying to find as many ships as possible before the opponent flips.	Fett/Slave I is your best friend vs. this objective as if you're flipped the opponent only gets 1 destiny , so Fett should be able to get a handle on the secret base.

   Basically this deck should be able to flip your objective on turn 2-3 and keep it flipped by turn 4 with space presence.  Use the tactical supports to get the scouts you want to flip( I like to take at least 1 generic biker scout to also grab a bike) then use the other tacticals to grab other scouts when you want to hammer the opponent some time later in the game.  This deck tends to be rather defensive like most of the decks I build, so playing carefully should lead to good results v. anything you come up against.  Aswell, this deck is blessed by being set on Endor, the dark sides best planet for draining and force generation while lending its outdoor atmosphere to the awesome blue might of the Empire.  Have fun and Good Luck.

P.S.
   Some people have commented on why Grond is in the deck, so here is my rebuttle...
1.Grond is an ability 2 character so he is affected by imperial arrest order.
2. Grond is a scout, so he rocks on a bike AND satisfies the requirement for flipping with establish secret base, aswell as being able to retrieve him with your objective flipped.
3. He is one of not many pilot scouts that and power to anything other than a speeder bike(i.e. Executor or any other starship)

P.P.S.
   Some people are commenting on my lack of revolver protection...I have played many revolvers with Endor Ops and say this...you can't hurt me by choking me...only annoy me.	The activation is too high with all the battleground sites to worry about it.
