---
layout: post
author: ! Matt "Old Skooler" Lush
title: ! "Matt s OMDH Deck"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-24
description: ! 'This deck utilizes the most powerful concept in the game. This deck also has no problem whatsoever getting the locations it needs. Interested?'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective Hidden Base

Locations (11)

Rendevous Point
Tatooine
Alderann x2
Corulag
Cantina
Mos Eisley
Tat Docking Bay 94
Generic Docking Bay
Echo Docking Bay
Obi's Hut

Characters (17)

Ben Kenobi x4 (1 shiny-need more...)
EPP Luke x4
Captain Han x2 (both shiny-purty...)
EPP Leia x2
Harc Seff
Tawss Khaa
Boshek
B'omarr Monk
Orrimaarko

Starships (2)

Millennium Falcon x2

Interrupts (24)

Sense x4
Alter x3
Control x4 (yes, Controls...)
Smokescreen x3
The Signal x3
Clash of Sabers x2
Courage of a Skywalker
Glancing Blow
Effective Repairs
Tunnel Vision x2

Effects (6)

Our Most Desperate Hour x2
Insurrection
Mant. Savrip
Order To Engage
Ultimatum



'

Strategy: '

(Side note This deck is currently in the #1 slot, I might be overestimating it's potential to win but I don't want to take it two months in a row. That is unfair to Mike Girard, who has dominated all month with his Sabacc deck. Therefore, I will be asking Neal to remove this deck from the running. So....rate it as good or as bad as you please, and don't worry about Mike getting screwed.)


 Damn, I do have 61 cards here...drop a Control. Allrighty then...how does this work? O.K., first of all, I built this 'cause I was having serious bad luck pulling my locations. How to beat that? Bam- Hidden Base and Insurrection, which you always start with. First turn, go get Alderaan(or Corulag if Alderaan in hand) and the Echo Docking Bay, which is unfortunately the only 1/0 DB for the LS, which sucks. Oh well.
What's the super-powerful concept? Retrieval. Think about it the point of the game is to make your opponent lose cards. If he keeps getting them back, you're not going to beat him The trick is being able to reliably get them back.
4 Bens/4 Lukes means you're getting the monster team down quick. Didn't get Obi's Hut, Mos Eisley, or Cantina? No problem. Go get DB 94, and you've got a place to drop 'em at. Every turn, you should of course get a planet until you have all three out. Corulag is in there for two reasons force activation, and the drain -1. Insurrection not only lets you get your DB's, it also prevents the beatdown, and boosts the power of Harc Seff. They'll never Elis on him...
Once you've got a decent amount of ability 4 characters out, and starting to get about 12-15 force in your lost pile, time to do a OMDH run. Get the Super-Falcon up and going, and head out. Tatooine Celebration was considered, but I preferred the Falcon having the freedom to go wherever the hell it wants to. With Celebration, Han and Leia need to keep orbiting Tatooine, otherwise Celebration has a tendency to disappear, unless you have GLinG1 guarding it, and I just didn't have room for all that stuff.
If Secret Plans is out, just watch who you deploy. Don't put out more characters than you can afford to retrieve for. Minimum should be 7- Ben, Luke, Han, Leia. You can definitely afford that with Secret Plans, and keep the retrieval loop going with the 2nd OMDH and, in emergencies, Effective Repairs. Which, by the way, should NOT be used unless you HAVE to. Save it for the retrieval, nothing else is more valuable. Drain at the Cantina/Mos Eisley and with the Monk. With Savrip, you can afford to have your side characters like Tawss running after the big drains.
Controls. Why them? Two reasons against Sense/Alter, Control every damn Alter they have to protect your OMDH's. Also, Ralops has a nasty habit of recycling Alters against S/A decks. Control will throw that little trick out the window. Also takes care of that annoying Sandwhirl that seems to pop up every now and then...
Speaking of Ralops, all you do against it is get out OTE, drop the generic DB on their planet, and head on over there. You can keep Savrip/OTE on the table no problem, this combonation will kill them.
As for spies, well, they've been severely weakened ever since that latest ruling about move phase actions, you know, "Do you want to take an action? O.K., I will then..." If they're really big in your area, drop the Ultimatum and add a Yakora. Any smart spy with abilty will haul ass.
Against HuntDown, if they're dueling, wait til you have the duel counters and hold off Vader/Crew with Harc Seff to the side of them. Don't forget to save force. Back him up with some other guys. The Tunnel Visions will help you get the dueling counters quickly.
Quick note on the TV's they ROCK in this deck. You get one in hand, look thru your deck for a planet or DB, don't see a card you want? Guess where it is? Just tunnel for the C. Han or Leia or OMDH.
Against Court Easy. Get Ben/Luke over to the A/C quick and just start swingin' and smokin'. They won't last long. Ben+Luke with Stick=killer combo.
Big question why not flip? Answer Not necessary, and Security Precautions sucks. Get hit at the wrong time, and you can lose critical cards. The flip is really not necessary. Tibrin of course would have been one of the systems added, but the 2 OMDH with the Effective Repairs is an easy enough to maintain retrieval loop.
Clash of Sabers rocks as usual, letting you pick and choose who you want to fight. Nobody will start Crush against THIS deck, so they will fly. Also helps Order To Engage hurt them.
Well, this strategy's getting long, I'll end it here. I've tried this out, and it rocks. Enjoy.

Responses to reviews

Joz- Lucky you, you're first up. *sigh...* First of all, Corulag is there for two reasons 2 more force for activation, and the drain -1 keeps it from being a serious liability. Savrip will save my Falcon. I don't need Hyperescapes, and I don't need Houjixes. I've always abused the hell out of Savrip, ask anyone who's played me. I've got the SAC to protect it. With all those extra Bens/Lukes in there for forfeit bait, the Falcon will stick around, while they lose stuff left and right to attrition. Why Controls? Once AGAIN, as I stated previously, I use them to just straight out cancel any Alters the opponent plays. OMDH is obviously critical to this deck, and needs to fly. Control helps ensure that it does. Besides, it also helps with big force drains, and I retrieve them.

Jedi.02- I suppose that's fair enough, but keep in mind this IS a good deck. As long as you keep the retrieval engine running, you will wear them down. I don't like the "popularity contest" thing either. But what can I do?

Iceman, I covered the Celebration thing. Yeah, it'd be nice, but Celebration's restrictive. I'd have to stay all over Tatooine, instead of going to where they're at and hurting them at least with OTE.

I suppose I could use a grabber or two, but this seems to run fine without them. It's all a meta thing, I guess. Lot of people mentioned Dagobah, Yoda's Hut, and Yoda. Well, Yoda's Hut would be nice, but that's stuff not here because 1. I don't like giving up 2 icons to the dark with Dagobah. 2. I'll be able to get the Hut, but what about Yoda? Playing just one, I'd probably have problems getting him, and I certainly wouldn't play with two. Also, with Secret Plans out, the minimum retrieval is upped to nine, which is getting kinda expensive. It can be done, of course, the main reason is I just don't like giving up force. I'm stubborn like that. As for Dannik, Court, and stuff like that, well, like I said, I abuse the hell out of Savrip. As long as I can keep that there, I'm good anywhere on the table. Savrip ROCKS. Never underestimate that card...  '