---
layout: post
author: ! Alfred "ThaBraHmaBuL" Dong
title: ! "The Brahma Bull s Throne Room (REAL VERSION)"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-07-26
description: ! "Its the same deck as the one before, Decktech screwed up on my cardlist"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'
start

throne room
farm
swamp
careful planning

home one war room
yodas hut
massasi headquarters
rendezvous point
cc lower corridor

luke, jedi knight x3
epp obi x2
epp han
capt han
epp leia
boushh
melas
lt blount
general calrissian
nien numb
orrimaarko
wedge red squad leader
romas lock navandar
kalfaln cndros

lukes saber x2

home one
red squadron 1
gold squadron 1
falcon
tantive
spiral
artoo in red 5

ill take the leader

squadron assignments
wise advice
goo nee tay
battle plan
bacta tank
order to engage
your insight serves you well
honor of the jedi
frozen assets

sense x3
alter
fly casual
rebel barrier x2
signal x2
tunnel vision x2
grimtaash x2

nudjs x2
'

Strategy: '

All right boys and girls, its Throne Room, I think you can figure out how to play it.....beat your opponent off wherever they are, capitolize on thier sites and use your superior activation.

Some DSII cards explained

Squadron Assignments This card is simply awesome.....Wedge, Capt. Han, and Lando can grab thier ships off the bat, and fast too. Lando and Wedge drop -2 to thier ships so remember that.

Honor of the Jedi Bring Him Before Me? Hahahaahahaha thats funny when I lose only one force from Your Destiny. Kills Visage and Occupation unless theyre occupying for 3.

Home One/Luke We all know theyre awesome.....but its even more awesome when Luke busts out for free. Drop Luke(deploy-3) to the War Room, and drop Home One(deploy-5) to the system, and shuttle Luke down. In essence, Luke just came out for free.

Wedge Hey read him......he draws destiny on ANYTHING......slap him on any ship and hes drawing your destiny for you.....hes just that good.

Lt Blount Anti-ISB, and an all-purpose replacement for Jereon Webb.

Your Insight Serves You Well Easier chops at Vader and Emporer, anti-numbers, but it pulls out 1 of 3 other effects in the deck.

I'll Take the Leader Its not needed, but it hurts Ral Ops so much......dominate thier system, drain more at the docking bay, and relocate your ships there. Did I mention it makes Red Squadron One and the Falcons that much better?


Believe it or not, this deck can afford Luke and Home One easily, so please dont tell me I need more force in the deck.....its so easy to get Home One out with the War Room.


Some clues against

Ral Ops Reacts? Heh....maybe next game. Sense, Frozen Assets, Lock, youve got it covered. Set up Battle Plan and dominate thier system with I'll Take the Leader, and beat the snot out of Mara, Vader, Davod Jon, Emporer, whoever theyve got alone at a site.

Bring Him Before Me Its so bad.....youll crush this deck in 5 minutes. Honor of the Jedi knocks Your Destiny from 3 force to 1, and keep Luke away from Vader. If Vader does manage to get Luke, smack him down with everything until Lukes free. Rememeber, Vaders gotta last until the DS's control phase for them to play Rise, My Friend. And even if they manage to duel him, unless they occupy 3, Honor takes care of that no problem.


Endor Ops Youve got 2 spies in the deck, use them to knock the idiot at the Bunker. Dominate the Docking bay, and youre fine. Space? Youve got lots, once Squadron Assignments hits table, DS can forget it. Death Star II damage is negated by Honor(the cards just too good), and you should dominate on them.

Everything else is basic, play it like Throne Room and good luck......dmail me if youve got any questions, BEFORE you rate this.


Alfred Dong
The Brahma Bull




'