---
layout: post
author: ! M "ISBOPS" C
title: ! 'MWYHL my way (aka-the way I play MWYHL)'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-25
description: ! 'Train, beatdown, retrieve.	Thats a spicy meataball.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (6)
Dagobah
Kiffex
Dagobah Bog Clearinf
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Dagobah Training Area
Dagobah Jungle

Characters (15)
EPP Luke x2
EPP Han x2
Lando W/Shaky Axe
EPP Obi x2
CoK
DOS
Colonel Cracken
Tycho Celchu
Yoda
Elom x2

Starships (5)
R2 in R5
Liberty
Red Leader in Red 1
Home One
Tantive IV

Interrupts (11)
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Gift of the Mentor
Courage of a Skywalker
Alter
The Signal x3
Transmission Terminated
Glancing Blow
It Could Be Worse

Effects (14)
Battle Plan
Tauntaun Bones
The Way of Things
Wise Advice
What’re You Tryin... x2
I’m With You Too
Ounee Ta
Uncontrollable Fury
Disarmed
Yoda’s Hope
Lightsaber Proficiency
Bacta Tank
Traffic Control

Devices (2)
Bionic Hand
Luke’s Backpack

Jedi Tests (6)
Great Warrior
A Jedi’s Strength
Domain of Evil
Size Matters Not
It is the Future You See
You Must Confront Vader

Objective (1)
MWYHL/SYIC
'

Strategy: '

Editor’s Note There should be three Eloms
To spirajira Rops doesnt own the mudda, but Failure does
To Aljex Seize a better deck
To Sinistarr Yes another DOS would help a ton.  But I do not have another one. If you can help me at all give me an email

Okay, I’ll do this as good and as most understandable as possible.  Just remember, the sixsh sheek sixth sheep is sick.

  Turn 1. You have put down Dagobah, the objective and Heading for the Medical Frigate, or at least we hope you have. Two effects I will always use are Wise Advice and The Way of Things. If they are playing ROPS, which is not dead, mind you, play Ounee Ta. Of they aren’t, play Battle Plan.  The reason I say ROPS isnt dead is because you only deply minus 1 with Ounee Ta, because of the ROPS obj. that says Rebels are deploy +2. But, you do get generation plus one at each generic site, which helps.

  Okay, after your opponent has gone, take one Dagobah site into hand, because of Dagobah’s text. If I don’t have any sites already in my hand, I usually go for the Training Area.  But, if I already have that, I take the Yoda’s Love Shack.  So, once you get the Training Area on table, take a Jedi Test into hand. Once during your turn, and your opponents turn, you can take a test.  After the test is in hand.  Deploy Yoda and his Hope to the Area from Reserve deck.  If you have enough force, also deploy DOS from the RD and her Pack.  This is awesome if you have both out so you can possible complete this test with by next turn with only one site on table if you get a 4 or above for the destiny.	But let’s not jump the gun.

Turn 2- While the other guy is going, you should have taken test 2. Usually you don’t have DOS and Yoda out by turn 2, so deploy DOS and pack from RD. Take a site, and take a JT before you activate. Force is With the other guy.

Turn 3- You should’ve taken a test during opponents turn. Good. Take one now before you activate.  Draw destinies for test 1 and complete.  Draw or deploy if the need arises. After you complete, deploy a site.

Turn 4- Blah blah, jedi test, blah blah. Activate, complete test, put test 3 on table and it is autimatically completed because that’s just The Way Of Things. After that you test and kill.

   Around the time you start testing test 5 it kind of gets complicated.  I usually get Traffic Control onto the table by now, so use the 2 force to get a card from Reserve Deck because of Test 4’s text. Get a destiny 7 card, most hopefully R2 in R5.  After you do this, put it on Used Pile and start tracking for Test 5.

Now, time for card by card.

Kiffex- Nice for draining.  However, you need to know when to drop it.	If you have 1 or 2 ships in hand, deploy it and the ships for a nice drain of two.

Dagobah- Start with it, get’s you those training sites.

Bog Clearing- You need to complete a test here, adds one to training.

Yoda’s Hut- Add’s one to training, and, when Yoda is there, once per turn you can subtract 2 of the attrition against you. Also, if DOS and Yoda are here, your generation is four at the shack.

Training Area- Add’s one, gets you the tests.

Dagobah Jungle- Need to complete a test here, add’s one.

Luke W/ His Thang-  power and abs of 5, and has a nice saber.

EPP Obi- See above, except ability of six.

Han With Heavy- Power 4, ability 3, he has pretty good aim with his weapon for the weak minded.

Lando W/ Slicer and Dicer- P4, A3, can exclude people on the other side that you just don’t like

Chewie of Kashyyyyyyk- I have this instead of Chewie with Rifle because he can roar. His ability is 4 when targeted by a weapon. Plus I don’t have ECC Chewie but’s that’s okay.

Daughter of Skywalker- Eh, just a scrub I drop for generation, and becoming a Jedi, and defeating the Imperial forces.

Colonel Cracken- 3-2 spy, good for canelling a Visage or Perimeter Patrol

Tycho Celchu- 2-2- spy, see above, I would rather have Blount in his place, but I don’t have him.

Yoda- Heps DOS learn the ways of the force.

Elom- power +3 when with an Imperial.

R2 in R5- I just use it for the destiny 0/7. This is great if you are trying to pull off the alter. And, if you put it on Jedi Test 5, you will never miss with a weapon and will most likely win the duel with Vader.

Liberty- Ship, power 7, pilot of ability 2. Nice

Red Leader in Red 1- Power 5, ability 2, draws a destiny if you can’t otherwise.

Home One- power 9, pilot of 4.	Immunt to attrish of less than 8.

Tantive IV- Power 5 aint bad. I would rather play Spiral though.

Don’t Get @#$%y- Add’s 2 destinies if Han and Luke are togeth, which they usually are. Actually, you would get 4 destinies because of Solo’s text. Five if you completed test 6.

Gift of the Mentor- Add’s two destinies if Luke and Obi are together.  Luke’s pretty popular.

Courage of a Skywalker- Mostly used for dueli	 '