---
layout: post
author: Chris "Jedi Taboos" Praskac
title: 'Monk Choke'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-02-08
description: ! 'This deck force chokes and beats the opponent down once they do anything.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting read strategy

Locations(9)
Hoth Echo Command Center
Yavin 4 Massassi Ruins
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room
Yavin 4 Massassi Headquarters
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Endor Chief Churpa's Hut
Rendevous Point
Tattoine Obi's Hut
Tattoine Jabba's Palace

Characters(15)
Tawss Khaa
Luke w/ Saber x3
Obi w/ Saber x2
Chewbacca
Han w/ Blaster x2
Kal'Falnl C'ndros
Wedge Antilles
Boushh x2
Bomark Monks x2

Starships(4)
Redemption
Tantive 4
Lando in Millenium Falcon
Spiral

Effects(10)
Civil Disorder
Goo Nee Tay
Draw Their Fire
Traffic Control
Battle Plan
Frozen Assets x2
Uncontrollable Fury
Bacta Tank
Scrambled Transmission

Interrupts(22)
The Signal x3
Clash of Sabers x2
Alter x2
Transmission Terminated x3
Don't Forget the Droids x2
Shocking Information x3
Sense x2
Effective Repairs x2
Nabrun Leids
Careful Planning
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes '

Strategy: '

-First off this is my first deck posted here.  I was recommened as a Deck Master here at Decktech thanks to TJ Holman(and others?).	Here we go.

-You start Obi's Hut but from there it depends.

Against Charbon Chamber Deck w/ Scanning Crews you start Scrambled Transmission and use it to get Shocks as well as looking for your locations in reserve deck.

Against Hunt Down you start Goo-Nee Tay.  Then all you have to do is cancel Visage, deploy Boushh w/ Uncontrollable Fury on Vader and win.

Against any other deck use careful planning to get Jabba's Palace for quick force just.

This deck is teched to the bone. There are a couple ways to win with this deck.  If they aren't activating must put Monk w/EPP at Jabba's Palace.  Then plop down Civil Disorder and watch them loose.  What's funny is the use of Frozen Assets.  Basically you can play it up to 4 times(Effective Repairs).  Do that and they'll loose really fast.  Against a deck activating a lot wait for them to do something and beat them up.  USE BACTA TANK to it's full advantage... I can't stress that enough  Also at the beginning of any game Signal for Traffic control and get out all your 2/0 locations.  Once you comprehend this deck it's almost unstopable.	'