---
author: Rich "JekPorkins" Baliban
title: 'Hunt Down Destiny'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-21
description: 'This deck is a great hunt down deck w/ tons of 5's 6's and 7's.  Deploying the docking bays allows u to get ur sites out quicker and letting the opponent come to u gives u a huge advantage.'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

Starting(7):
Objective
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe
Epic Duel
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Executor: Holotheatre
Imperial Arrest Order
Twilek Advisor
Visage Of The Emperor

Characters(11):
2x DVDLOTS
Darth Vader
2x EPP Vader
2x Mara Jade
Dengar w/ Blaster Carbine
IG88 w/ Riot Gun
Boba Fett w/ Blaster Rifle
Dr. Evazan

Weapons(2):
2x Mara's Saber

Locations(3):
Executor: Docking Bay
Death Star: Docking Bay
Death Star

Vechiles(2):
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Starships(3):
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Zuckess in Mist Hunter

Effects (11):
3x Visage of The Emperor
Security Precautions
Come Here You Big Coward
Reactor Terminal
First Strike
Battle Order
Broken Concentration
Lateral Damage
Crush The Rebellion

Interrupts(21):
2x Put All Sections On Alert
3x Twilek Advisor
2X Trample
2x I Have You Now
Evader
Limited Resources
Focused Attack
Res Lau Rauff
The Circle is Now Complete
Vaders Obsession
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
2x Torture
You Are Beaten
This is Some Rescue
Endor Occupation 

Strategy: 

Start IAO and pull the docking bays on the 1st 2 turns.  Since u will most likley pull a vader 1st turn, pull executor db and save force to drop vader down at death star db 2nd turn and flip the obj.  Leave Vader there for a drain of 1 and force loss each turn to visage.  If they come after u, play put all sections on alert to prevent them from drawing destiny, and crush the rebellion helps out w/ this as well.  Drop other characters wherever they are needed and battle the crap out of the opponent.  Since u will prob be drawing high destiny, u should have no prob knocking out tons of light characters with a couple of ur bounty hunters.  With Come here u big coward, u force the opponent to go to a battleground and make themself vunerable to attack or else they will slowly lose force with no way to retrieve.	Many of the other effects and inturrupts play an obvious role in the game by helping to to kill high ability characters faster and to ensure the win.

In responce to reviews and comments, i will replace Res Luk Raauf w/ Hunting Party and Trample x2 with Always thinking with ur stomach x2...hopefullt, these changes will allow for a better capturing environment, and therefore, and easier victory 