---
layout: post
author: ! Roland "I_Vader" Sakowski
title: ! "Polish That Card Up Really Nice And   "
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-23
description: ! "My endor screw drain deck i modified to give some great fighting advantage"
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(3)
Endor Dark Forest
Endor Forest Clearing
Combat Readiness

Locations(10)
2x Endor Back Door
Death Star
Kiffex
Endor
Kashyyyk
Hoth Wampa Cave
Hoth Ice Plain
Dagobah Cave
Death Star War Room

Characters(8)
2x Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Mara Jade
Commander Igar
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Mosep

Starships(8)
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
3x Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
Executor

Vehicles(6)
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6

Weapon(1)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Effects(10)
2x Presence Of The Force
Expand The Empire
Reactor Terminal
There Is No Try
Bad Feeling Have I
Security Precautions
Much Anger In Him
Broken Concentration
Secret Plans

Interrupts(14)
6x Scanning Crew
2x Torture
2x Those Rebels Won't Escape Us
2x Control
Point Man
Twi'lek Advisor '

Strategy: '

Before know i haven't had the cards to make a real 'Big Blue' deck. This is a great deck. it has great drains, good fighting, and some manip.

Before we go to far into this i will say that i use the screws more for intelligence rather than manip (knowing your opponents hand is awesome). SO i don't care if he tags it. As for sense once There Is No Try is on the table he hurts himself more than me as my screws are not an essential part of this deck (though they make it so much better).

Starting the 2 endor sites you'll get good activation, you can draw for a couple turns playing all the sites, and NOT WORRYING about monnok (because of so few doubles). Once you get some good activation you can choose what to do.	If he doesn't look like he is comeing to you you could just go for a straight out drain race as with the 3 planets, 3 endor sites, 2 POTFS, and Expand you can drain for 17 in 6 sites )

Once he sees this he will probably try to stop you somehow, then just beat the crap outa whatever he puts down. I like to kee vader, and executor+pilot in hand rather than deploying for a quick mini-beatdown if needed (rather than having to chase him around forever). Order to Engage, and Scramble do not hurt as Point Man cancels them both. The reason the Much Anger In Him is in the deck is to counter act the yoda's gimer stick + order to engage, as i just put a scrub in front of the gimer stick and put MAIH on the person carrying the stick then he loses 4 a turn to my 3. Those Rebels won't Escape Us are for pesky Landing Claws + Arconas. For about everything else the use is pretty easy to figure out. Oh yah don't tell me to take out any of the ships as i like that many against space, and to drain all game at those 3 great planets

later,
-Roland

PS. If you don't give this a good rating i'll go crazy. (-; j/k '