---
layout: post
author: ! Keith "Gen" Watabayashi
title: ! "Original Net Deck"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-10
description: ! 'My own Agents in the Court Speeders'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective(1)
Agents in the Court/No Love for the Empire

Locations(8)
TatooineJabba’s Palace (SL)
TatooineHutt Trade Route (SL)
TatooineDocking Bay 94
TatooineDune Sea
TatooineJundland Wastes
Home OneDocking Bay
HothEcho Docking Bay
Jabba’s PalaceEntrance Cavern

Characters(6)
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Treva Horme (REP)
Captain Han Solox2
EPP Leiax2

Effects(13)
Ounee Ta
Do, or Do Not (SE)
Yarna D’al Gargan (SE)
Insurrection (SE)
Staging Areas (SE)
Draw Their Fire
Frozen Assetsx2
Sandwhirl
Maneuvering Flapsx2
Incom Cor.
Wise Advice

Vehicles(17)
Sandspeederx10
Snowspeederx7

Interrupts(13)
T-47 Battle Formationx2
Lost in the Wilderness
Transmission Terminatedx3
The Signalx2
Punch Itx2
I Knowx2

Starships(2)
Millenium Falconx2 '

Strategy: '

Basically just get out your docking bays and put speeders there for generation. Next, start dropping sites to drain at and/or lure your opponent out. From there use DTF with FA and/or Treva to beat your way to victory If they’re in space, use the Super Falc and it’s interrupts to wreck your opponent.

COUNTERS TO OBVIOUS REVIEWS

Search and Destroy is not that big a deal because unless my opponent can occupy 2 indoor battlegrounds (unless they play court this is a rare occurance), they have to walk outside, then you beat them down.

Super Falcon is enough space since all you want to do is distract them so you can drain on Tatooine with Battle Formations.

Rebel Snowspeeders are @#$% power and forfiet. Once I activate MF, one speeder is power 5 and forfeit 6 (Plus, I don’t own any rebel snowspeeders).

In Seattle, Huntdown is Freakin’ everywhere so 3 Trans. Terms are NOT excessive where I play. If they are in your area, take one out for another Signal or something.

Ounee Ta is worth it since if I come up against some dumbass playing Rops, my speeders come out for free Plus, the retrival into hand is TOO good.

There, that should have covered all the scrub reviews, I hope now I will get some helpful ones. '