---
layout: post
author: Russell "Bubo" Bartlett
title: 'But Daddy'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-23
description: ! 'This is a new DSII There is Good in Him/.. deck.  It is a version of many decks I have seen on Deck Tech.	It works great and tricks up its' slives.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (10)
There Is Good In Him/ I Can Save Him
Endor Chief Chirpas Hut
Endor Landing Platform
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Lukes Lightsaber
I Feel The Conflict
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Insurrection
Staging Areas
Your Insight Serves You Well

Locations (6)
Home One Docking Bay
Home One War Room
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Kessel
Kiffex
Spaceport Docking Bay

Characters (20)
ASP-707 x2
Bothan Spy
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk
Daughter Of Skywalker
Elom x5
General Calrissian
General Solo
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Master Luke
Melas
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Obi-wan w/ Saber
Orrinaarko
Tawss Khaa
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader

Blues (7)
Defiance
Gold Squadron 1 x2
Home One
Red Squadron 1
Spiral
Tantive IV

Effects (5)
Honor Of The Jedi
Legendary Starfighter
Order To Engage
Traffic Control
Wise Advice

Interrupts (8)
It Can Wait x3
Jedi Presence
On The Edge x2
Sense x2

Weapons (4)
Ewok Catapult x3
Obi-Wans Lightsaber
'

Strategy: '

Ok, this is my new save Daddy deck.  It works like all the others.	If there playing imps get Luke to one ASAP.  Protect Luke if you feel that he will need it.

I do the normal start, with Heading For.. and get out Insurrection, Staging Areas, and Your Insight Serves You Well.  I do the docking bay dace so on the first turn get one out.  There are two so when you have someone one theme you get 6 force and they get 0.  Creat beat down eather in space or ground depending on what they do.  You should have a nice win of about 20, and don't forget to us the On the Eadge.  That is why there are 3 Ewalk C-Pults.  Just get a cycle going and you should do well.

IF you are playing RAL-Ops., you have 5 Eloms at your desposial.  They are cheep and have a power of 4 each.  Perfect for a beat down.	You have plenty of ground power, and a nice amount of space.  You have Home One and plenty of fighters.  Don't forget to use Legendary Starfighter when you win a battle with Gold Sq 1.  You have everyone and there ships.

IF you are playing agenst a space deck, be carfull and look out.  Force drain on the ground and send up everyone to battle in outer space. Good luck with them.

IF they are a type of ground, you have two big force drain systems, so use them.  If they are ISB or Cort, get luke over and battle with everyone.  You will have plenty of force.

IF they are Hunt Down watch out, be carfull if they get Luke with Vader, and try to win battles and bring him to the Light Side.

Don't Forget to win Battles and Bring
Vader to the Light Side Of the
Force

All of the cards help eachother.  Thanks for the review and any ideas would be welcomed.

Good Luck, and may the Force Be With You.
'