---
layout: post
author: Alex "Greedo" Tennet
title: 'Order To Engage'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-07-27
description: ! 'The newest springboard for mains. Uses some neat anti-ROps tech and basically leaves the game in the hands of the player.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'STARTING (7)
Local Uprising
Endor
Farm
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Strike Planning
Squadron Assignments
Your Insight Serves you well

LOCATIONS (6)
Yoda's Hut
Rendezvous Point
Home One War Room
Hoth War Room
Kessel
CC Lower Corridor

CHARACTERS (19)
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x3
Obi-Wan with Lightsaber x3
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol x2
Leia with Blaster Rifle
Boussh
General Calrissian
Orrimaarko
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Melas
Tawss Khaa
Tycho Celchu
Lieutenant Blount
Nien Nunb
Romas 'Lock' Nevander

STARSHIPS (6)
Gold Squadron 1
Red Squadron 1
Tala 2
Green Squadron 3
Home One
Spiral

WEAPONS (2)
Luke's Lightsaber x2

ADMIRAL'S ORDERS (1)
I'll Take The Leader

INTERRUPTS (9)
Sense x4
Rebel Barrier x2
Punch It
Grimtaash
The Signal

EFFECTS (10)
Battle Plan
Honour Of The Jedi
Mantellian Savrip
Order To Engage
Bacta Tank
Frozen Assets
Mechanical Failure
Draw Their Fire
Projection Of A Skywalker x2'

Strategy: '

Start Uprising and Farm; against most dark decks you will have 6 force to play with on turn one. Here's the drill
Before activating, pull General Calrissian. If you're up against Hunt Down or Court then lose Your Insight Serves You Well in their turn to fetch Honour of the Jedi. If it's Ops then go for Battle Plan. Anything else, might want to keep it on the table for a while.

Show General Calrissian in your turn to grab Gold Squad 1 with Squassin. They drop to Endor for 3 force. Against ROps, you should move them immediately to Ralltiir to delay flipping by an extra turn (or more, if they aren't using many ships or got a bad draw). This bit is a great fast start for the deck.

Can you play mains and toys? Have fun. Nabrun has gone out of the window right now because you will find 95% of tournament dark decks starting with IAO.
I'll Take The Leader is nails (thanks for the phrase John ) with the ships here. Falcon is immune < 6 or < 8 with Nien Nunb (Nien on the Falcon is a terror. Punch It just sickens the deal). Wedge and X-Wing < 7. Tycho/A-Wing and Blount/Tala are both < 6. Spiral is the only ship that loses out here and it's function is a surprise tool anyway (if nowadays a predictable one). It's also wonderful anti-ROps and anti-swarm. Drain at the DBay and hang at the system worry-free (add the Tank for extra pressure).

Projection deals with ROps. Make your presence felt on one site and hold it (Dbay preferrably), in addition to the system. This is easy and flipping back ROps is a joke against AT-STs (assuming they get it flipped in the first place anyway). Just view the cardlist. I'm sure you aren't dense.

If I had room for Alters, I'd just add more Senses. Simple. If you see something that's unnecessary in your meta then drop it for Tunnel Vision. That's useful in any and every meta.

Melas and Tawss Khaa rock. There's nothing else quite like these two, mostly because they're aliens, and I've seen decks that use 2 copies of each. Melas has the slight edge in this deck because of his piloting abilities.

Don't waste 3 card slots on a swamp and 2 Nudj. You're still going to give away 1 force for the first 2 turns and that's when generation matters for the DS. It's merely 3 dead slots and a half-hearted unnecessary throwback to the TRM choke decks. And this way, if there's no sites going spare, Luke can sit for a few turns draining with his saber at the farm. Easy damage.

Play wise, be smart and you'll do well.'