---
layout: post
author: ! Joe "JoeCool144" Fox
title: ! "2 6 Huntdown"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-23
description: ! 'A high destiny huntdown with some deuling stuff in it.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe
Prepared Defenses
Secret Plans
No Escape
Desperate Counter
Visage Of The Emporer
Holotheatre
Meditation Chamber
Epic Deul

Characters
Lord Vader
Darth Vader DLOTS
Darth Vader x2
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Mara Jade x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
IG-88 With Riot Gun
4-LOM With Ben Killer
Baron Soontir Fel
Dr. Evazan
U-3PO

Sites
Death Star War Room
Death Star Docking Bay
Death Star 2Throne Room
Dagobah Cave
Endor Landing Platform
Endor Back Door
Endor Ewok Village
Endor Forest Clearing

Weapons
Vader’s Lightsaber x2
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

Effects
Visage Of The Emporer x2
Disarmed
Combat Response
Presence Of The Force x2
Imperial Arrest Order
You Cannot Hide Forever
Blast Door Controls

Starships
Saber 1
Bossk In Houndstooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Devastator
Avenger
Dengar In Punishing One

Interrupts
Twi’Lek Advisor x2
Focused Attack x2
Masterful Move
Shocking Revalation x2
Vader’s Obsession x2
The Circle Is Now Complete x2 '

Strategy: '

NOTE I am sorry this double posted. I did not mean for it to happen. My computer is having hard drive problems, and I can’t help that is double posts. I hope that you will be kind enough not to review me lower becuase of this problem.

ok, first lets go through some things

1. No Escape Yes this deck is post JPSD. This hurts honor and throne room.

2. Desperate Counter. I needed to start with 4 different effects. Well 2 of them can be pulled with this effect(IAO and Combat Response) so I start this to pull them.

3. Death star and endor docking bay They are pulled with IAO, the death star one is so I can get a battleground for vader without being open to lost in the wilderness. The endor one is so I can get to endor if I need to.

4. Disarmed. I have tons of weapons and evazan, this card can be devastating.

5. Blast Door Controls. Stops Narrow escape and Rebel Barrier.

6. Shocking Revalation Secret Plans lets me take it into hand. With this I can track for dueling easily.

7. Masterful Move Destiny 6, takes visage into hand, and cancels mantellian savrip.

8. Dueling Cards Most people think this is to risky to play. I dont. You dont have to duel. If you see that their destiny is really high or they have duel protection, then you dont have to do anything. Its mostly just something that helps you win games faster, plus secret plans lets me track easily for dueling.


First I start No Escape, Secret Plans and Depsperate Counter. I get IAO and Combat response out. I get my docking bays out with IAO. I plop vader down at the death star bay with a presence and a stick. Deploy some more sites and wait and drain. They bring down a jedi I go after em. If I have evazan and a disarmed I surprise them by killing off a jedi and going for the big battle damage. I can duel if needed. I can drain at all my endor sites for at least 2 besides the Landing Platform. Which is cool. The deck is easy to play, especially if you can track well. This deck does well against most decks.


VS. Profit
Ok, they give me a battleground with a 2 drain, so I dont have to deploy my docking bays unless I need some more activation. I can drain them for a lot too becuase they start with jabbas palace. Shouldnt be too hard.

VS. Throne Room
HAHAHA pretty easy. deploy to their farm and drain em out. Go ahead and duel em too, if the price is right.

VS. TIGIH. Deploy U-3PO to endor landing platform to block his drain. Or you could just pick him up with vader, dont let em win battles. Can be a hard game.

VS. Obi-Tosche Mains. Take over bens hut and drain em out. Duel obi-wan. Not too hard. Mains and Toys versus mains and toys.

VS. Hidden base. A harder match sometimes. Get the baron and a destroyer up their. Get some of your bounty hunter ships in the sky to screw with their mind.

VS. EBO, same as hidden base really, try to take space, get on hoth if needed.

Thats about it. Im kinda tired. But thinks for reviewing.  '