---
layout: post
author: ! Christopher "DS-61-54" McCamy
title: ! "/He go Carbon/ Tatooine LS  MAINS &toys"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-02-03
description: ! 'This is a nice LS You can only profit by this/OR be destoryed, Mains and toys deck.  IT combines alot of the ideas of other beat down Tatooine decks together to make a well oiled machine.  I have only lost one game with this deck and it is very veristaile'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'OBJ You can either profit by this/Or be destroyed.

Charecters

Leia w/Blaster X2
Luke w/saber X2
Obi w/saber
Ben Kenobi X2
Oola
Orrimaarko
Melas
Artoo
R-3PO
Tawaas Khaa
Chewbacca
Han Solo(starting)

Interrupts
Tunnel Vision X3
The Signal
Transmission Terminate X2
Weapon Leivitation
Nabrun Leads X2
Alter
Clash of the Sabers X2
Someone Who Loves You
Run Luke, Run
Shocking Information
Rebel Barrier X2
Dont Forget the Droids
Sorry about the mess
Glancing Blow
We Dont need there scum(to deal with all new enhanced bounty hunters)
Courage of a Skywalker
Sense X2

Effects
Goo Nee Tay (usual starter)
A Gift
Revolution X2
Battle Plan
Mantellian Savrip

Locations
R.point
Tatooine Jabbas Palace
JP Auidence Chamber
Yodas Hutt
Yavin 4 Massassi Headqurters
Yavin 4 War room
Endor Cheif Chirpa Hutt

Weapon 
Obi Wans Lightsaber

Starships
Gold Leader in Gold 1
red Leader in Red 1
Sprial
tantive 4
Lando in Falcon '

Strategy: '

*NOTE ADD ONE SHOCKING INFORMATION I FORGOT TO PUT ON DECKLIST SORRY)*

REVISION

I take out R-3p0, 1 rebel Barrier, 1 Luke with saber, yavin 4 war room, AND Put in gift of the mentor, Master luke, Anakins saber, and Tattione system.  This will help me get mains down faster and free han faster.  Also han can then shuttle up to a ship on tattione and be safe so obj stays flipped, thanx for the suggestions guys)



This deck is a very versatile version of LS mains and toys.  It has the NEW Obj to help it along the way for the nice reterival and end of the game help. (Making them lose force for Mains at battlegrounds)  I usual start with Goo NEE tay becasue all the DS powerhouses nowadays but against an Ops or high drain deck i would start with Battle Plan.

There is many counters to stuff that will hurt this deck also.
I have Battle Plan in there against ops.

Shocking Revelation in there for SCREWS.

Tunnel Vision to get what i need when i need it, i have found this card has saved me many times.
Dont forget the droids is a nice counter against the dreaded Numbers.

Revoltion with this deck is a great powerhouse for desperate force drains and for turning the tide on a site.

Nabrun Leads is in there because i always need to go to various planets to fight in begging and if i dont have anyone to rescue Han in hand, ill just nabrun over there too then force drain and make them lose force to OBJ.

*HAN*

Ok Han is an essinal part of this deck but i have found that using one is ok.  For one i usual get him to a location with BEN or with a ton of mains for protection.  OR i get him onto a starship after a nabruned hum.  I might put an epp han in also though just in case but so far this deck has worked fine without him.	BUT if you are going to downgrade my deck cause only one han dont put a lower score just tell me i can then take a card like REBEL BARRIER and put him in.  This is a good overall deck and has beat all the HOT DS decktypes out there, it is also a blast to play due to the High number of mains in it.  Thanks for taking a look.

DS-61-54

Chris McCamy  '