---
layout: post
author: Andrew "Gadget" Ledwith
title: 'Heimlich Has Met His Match'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-23
description: ! 'Standard issue Throne Room deck. Extensive playtesting has yielded an almost flawless design.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (8)
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Endor Chief Chirpa's Hut
Farm
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Rendezvous Point
Swamp
Yavin 4 Massassi Headquarters
Yavin 4 Massassi Throne Room

Characters (16)
Boussh
Chewbacca
Corporal Beezer
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Harc Seff
Jeroen Webb
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Luke With Lightsaber  x2
Melas
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x2
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Wedge Antilles

Creatures (2)
Nudj  x2

Starships (7)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Gold Squadron Y-wing
Lando In Millennium Falcon
Red Leader In Red 1
Red Squadron X-wing
Spiral
Tantive IV

Interrupts (18)
Alter  x3
Careful Planning
Clash Of Sabers  x2
Glancing Blow  x2
Nabrun Leids  x2
Rebel Barrier  x2
The Signal  x2
Transmission Terminated  x2
Tunnel Vision  x2

Effects (8)
Battle Plan
Draw Their Fire
Mantellian Savrip
Order To Engage
Traffic Control
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?  x2
Wise Advice

Devices (1)
Landing Claw  '

Strategy: '

I just ask one thing of you. IF YOU MUST GIVE ME A CRAP RATING FOR 'NOT BEING ORIGINAL', AT LEAST GIVE ME A WAY TO IMPROVE MY DECK. I don't mind a poor rating, but I do mind them if I get nothing out of them. Also, don't tell me to "add this, this, and this" and then not tell me what to take out. In my mind this is a very closely nit deck, and I can't see taking anything out.

Since everyone understands how this deck works I won't go into great detail. I will, however, go through some of the finer points, such as why I chose some cards over others.

Alter vs. Sense - The age-old question. I chose Alter because of the DS effects that are becoming big in my area Scum and Villainy, Reactor Terminal, Blast Door Controls (hate this one), Sienar Fleet Systems, and Bad Feeling Have I, just to name a few. If you'd rather go with Sense that's fine by me, but in my area Alter is better right now.

Savrip vs. Tank - So many people have discovered Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down and added it to their decks. Conversely, there seems to be less and less use of Masterful Move in my area (maybe it's just who I get paired with). Alter is a danger to both of them, but Wise Advice minimizes the damage. I like to Savrip my ships when playing a dedicated ground deck. Also, Boussh won't do too much good vs. a TIE deck, so I can Savrip her too.

Leia mix - I use 1 EPP and 1 Boussh for a reason. The first and foremost is that I got raped by a Ralltiir Ops deck w/ Sleens at the Florida State Championships. I wasn't using any spies. That will NEVER happen again. Secondly, there isn't one spy for the LS that meets all of the following criteria
1) No deployment restriction
2) Pilot
3) Power > 1
Not one That's awful when you think about it. If there was any spy that met these conditions I would use it, but there isn't. I think I chose the 2 best spies there are (Boussh and Jerone Webb). The only other reason I chose this Leia mix is that using 2 of Boussh seemed like an overkill and 2 EPP Leias didn't solve my spy problem.

Landing Claw - Only 1? Well, yes. The use of DS capital starships has gone down quite a bit since ECC and EJP came out. The only one still floating around in most decks is the Bus. So I just use one to be safe. There are 5 starships it can deploy on, so you won't have any problems using it.

What're You Trying To Push On Us? - Two of them? Yup. For versatility. When I play TIEs I can grapple both All Power To Weapons and Tallon Roll. When playing ground decks I can grapple Trample and still have one left to grapple something like and Imperial Barrier. Plus it's more likely to come up, so you won't have to waste The Signal to go looking for it.

Glancing Blow vs. Courage - I hate Courage. I really do. If I'm not playing Hunt Down I can only use it on one of my characters (Boussh) and it's got a 2 in destiny. Glancing Blow on the other hand can be played during any duel (since all of my Obis and Lukes have sabers) and can be used to reduce Vader's power to 0 when playing non-Hunt Down decks. Plus, it's a destiny 3.

Things I left out - No one plays Manip or #s here, so I left out Shocking Infos and Don't Forget The Droids. This was a meta decision. If these strategies were played in my area I would use them. You may want to include them if they are played in your area.

Everything else shouldn't be too hard to figure out. This is just my version of a very popular strategy. Hope you liked mine.	  '