---
author: Andrew "4EvAWiZe" Wise
title: 'The Iron Curtain v1.0'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-09
description: 'Oola, and many others used to prevent the opponent from coming at you Manipulator'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

objective (1)
hidden base..

Locations (10)
Rendezvous point
raltiir
dagobah
kessel
endor
hoth x2
hoth: db
yoda’s hut

Characters (16)
Oola x4
General Crix
ten numb 
lt blount
colonel cracken
d*2 wedge
gen calrissian
nien numb
hobbie
epp luke
capt han
raltiir freighter captain x2

Effects (11)
squad assignments
strike planning
honor
OtE
traffic control
wise advice
staging areas
insurrection
kessel run x3

Interrupts (9)
Visored vision x3
the signal x2
Heading for med frigate
barrier
a few manuvers
hyper escape

Starships (10)
red squad 1
tala 1
tala 2
yt-1300 transport x2
blue squad 5
gold squad 1
red squad 4
home one
liberty

Admiral’s order (2)
i’ll take the leader x2

weapons (1)
xwing cannons (se)


Strategy: 

starting: 
hidden base
rendezvous pt
hoth
med frigate
strike planning
squad assignments
staging areas

basic strategy is to setup oola and crix at the hoth db and pull scouts and limit their hand size while gaining control of space. you deploy your systems as follows:
first endor/hoth:db, dagobah/yoda’s hut, hoth, raltiir, and finally kessel. you might want to delay in the deploying of kessel until you are ready to flip, which shouldn’t be till end game anyway.

now ill give some strategy against certain decktypes:

vs. ties
your oola wont do much good, but go ahead and set her up anyway to take away their vader comign to the docking bay. try to hack away the emperor with your luke, otherwise let him set there and beat them up in space. hold your admiral’s order until you get a fleet amassed in your hand. deploy them, deploy your AO (replacing their hopefully) and beat them down with massive power and immunity. look to get the all power to weapons with your visored vision, note you can do it twice to make it really sting. as long as you keep your AO out, and keep your retrieval going you should win this one.

vs. court
this is one game where your oola will hurt them, only thing to remember is to protect her with maybe the luke and crix. spread out in space and get your AO running asap to keep their bounty hunter ships weak. honor should help you against the early damage. your retrieval and large drains should easily beat them.

vs. ralops
as soon as you get enough force get cracken/blount to raltiir early and continue to deploy your systems as usual. hold raltiir and expect them to deploy to raltiir then land. if you get lucky and have a barrier, hold it and wait for their ship to come to raltiir. you have no projections in here as your retrieval should easily counteract their S&D and drains. oola will help a lot, easy game when played correctly.

this is the first version of this deck, any good comments will be greatly appreciated. thanks for reading.

