---
layout: post
author: ! Christoffer "Thedit" Niska
title: ! "the Rampage v2"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-12
description: ! "The 2nd version of my powerfull force generation/beatdown/manipulation TIGIH deck."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting  ( 10 )
There is good in him
Endor chief chirpas hut
Endor landing plattform
Luke skywalker, JK
Lukes Lightsaber
I feel the conflict
Heading for the medical frigate
Staging Areas
Insurrection
Your insights serve you well

Locations  ( 5 )
Home one docking bay
Hoth echo docking bay
Tatooine docking bay 94
Tatooine cantina
Spaceport docking bay

Characters  ( 20 )
Ben Kenobi  x2
EPP Leia  x2
Captain Han Solo  x2
ECC Chewie
Oola  x3
Elom  x10

Blue  ( 2 )
Millenium falcon  x2

Red  ( 23 )
Traffic control
Mantellian savrip
Wise advice
Order to engage
Barganing table
Honor of the jedi
Never tell me the odds
Whatre you tring to push on us?
Grimtaash  x2
Sense  x5
Effective repairs
Rebel Barrier
Fallen portal  x2
The signal  x2
Nar shadda wind chimes	x2'

Strategy: '

1st Ill make one thing clear for you. If you dont understand how the deck works, dont review it at all or send a message to me and ask about specify tactics, Ill send you the answers. JUST DONT MAKE STUPID REVIEWS, thank you.

Also note that I made this deck BEFORE Matt's ROP Killa was submitted so it's not a copy and is not trying to be that deck either, it's a different deck. Now you know...

--

I know this an old deck but Ive changed it a lot so I decided to re-post it. This is the 2nd version of my deck the Rampage which was rated 4 and a half stars here on DeckTech and is still on the top10 list. Personally I dont think that the 1st version is even worth to be on top10 list but Im sure that this is much better than the first. Ive playtested the deck and even won a tourney with a prototype of this deck, here is what it has become after a lot of playtesting.

Here goes the strategy. I start with There Is Good In Him to get out a character of ability 6 and a docking bay, play Heading For The Medical Frigate to get Staging Areas (key of the generation in this deck), Insurrection (to get the docking bays I need) and Your Isights Serve You Well (so I can get Honor Of The Jedi early if I need it). Here is how it works. 1st turn I play Home1/Echo docking bay from reserve and drop Oola there (if shes in the starting hand, otherwise an Elom will do) to generate +2 from SA and move Luke to Endor landing plattform. 2nd turn I play the second 1/0 docking bay and drop a character on it. When youve done this your generation is 7 on endor and 6 total from docking bays, that should be enough to use Oola or prepare a beat down when the opponent tries to get his strategy started (Oola removes almost all Imperials who can flip your objective, also Vader).

This was a big problem with a lot of people before, how do this deck beat space decks? Well here is the answer.

You get out the early drain on Endor and start Oolaing him. Next you drop out your characters to drain everywhere you can and get out Barganing table. Dont play the falcon yet, youll need it later. Now hes losing a lot per turn from your drains and you can cancel one of his drains, most likely youre draining more than him. Thats when he might spread out because he thoughts that you dont play space at all. If he doesnt, you will outdrain him. When you see a lone Zuckuss or something else that is weak for a beatdown play Super Falcon (Millenium Falcon, Captain Han Solo and EPP Leia) to kill him off with 3 destinys. Dont forget that you can retrive alot with Nar Shadda Wind Chimes and that you can keep the falcon alive in space with Mantellian Savrip and Sense/grab all his annoying interrupts. He will run out of life force. Ok, so now you know how to beat space decks with a ground deck. If you dont trust me test it yourself, Ive won many space decks with this deck.

--

Here is reasons why I use some certain cards 

TIGIH -- Benefits of getting out an ability of 6 to on turn 1 and a drain of 2 on turn 2 makes the objective really worth playing. Since the idea is to remove the Imperials with Oola the capturing text will not most likely affect you, and if it does you can turn vader over if you want to. Its really easy to win battles against Imperials with Eloms you know. =)
Spaceport docking bay -- To get where opponent is for example Ralltiir if he doesnt play his generic docking bay.

Mantellian savrip -- This card is all you need to survive in space, just make him forfeit everything while you dont need to forfeit anything.

Grimtaash -- To keep opponents hand small if he draws like crazy to stop Oola.

Sense -- To keep Monnoks away and win opponent in SAC wars, Wise advice is a big help here also.

Effective repairs -- To get any usefull Effect back Ive lost or to retrive Never tell me the odds.

Fallen portal and Barrier -- To stop beatdowns on a lone Oola or Elom on a docking bay.

Never tell me the odds -- This is just a nice trick in the late game, you have Luke, Elom and Oola out, thats 13 total.

--

If you need a powerful deck for a tourney, play this deck... Its always a nice surprise for some players and really powerful. Test it, play it, and enjoy it. =)

Chris / Thedit the King of Jawa Canyon
'