---
layout: post
author: ! Jodo "Jodo Kast17" Kast
title: ! 'Scout/Ewok Drain'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-06-23
description: ! 'I use scouts and ewoks on endor with their enormous drain capability.  I've also added an extension to the deck rarely though of, clouds.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (10)
Clouds x3
Endor
Endor Back Door
Endor Chief Chirpa's Hut
Endor Dense Forest
Endor Ewok Village
Endor Hidden Forest Trail
Jabba's Palace Audence Chamber

Characters (26)
Boshek
Boushh
Chewbacca of Kashyyk
Commander Wedge Antilles
Corporal Beezer
Corporal Janse
Corporal Kensaric
Daughter of Skywalker
Ewok Sentry x3
General Solo
Ithorian x3
Kazak
Kabyc
Lieutenant Page
Lumat
Master Luke
Momaw Nadon
Orrimaarko
Sergeant Bruckman
Sergeant Junkin
Tibanna Gas Miner
Tessek
Wuta

Starships/Vehicles (11)
Cloud Car x5
Lando in Falcon
Redmeption
Red Squadron X-Wing
Tantive IV
X-Wing
Z-95 Bespin Defense Fighter

Interrupts (3)
Slight Weapons Malfunction
The Signal x2

Effects (6)
Bo Shuda
Insurrection
Manuevering Flaps
Reflection
Uh-Oh
Ultimatum

Weapons (4)
Anakin's Stick
Chewbacca's Bowcaster
Ewok Catapult
X-Wing Laser Cannons'

Strategy: '

    This deck is very straight forward in its intent.  It uses the scouts from Endor set to set up a powerful protection unit.	I then use Ithorians to add force icons and ewoks to drain.  Kazak and Tessek give a bonus of 2 anywhere i have ewoks.	I toss in the clouds to add more drain bonuses.
    I usually start with the Audience Chamber and Uh-Oh  I can pull out Bo Shuda the first turn and keep tessek and mamow nadon safe while giving thier bonuses.  With Tessek down most my ewoks deploy for 0, and add drains.  The Endor system should be safe with my starfighters, all of which can be transferred from either clouds or space as i wish.  Only Tantive IV and Redemption can't go back and forth.  Manuevering flaps can be activated each turn to make the cloud cars very dangerous.  The X-Wing cannons are tossed in to get rid of those annoying bounty hunter ships.  Zuckuss can be killed instantly without much trouble when fighting an armed X-Wing.
    This deck can be set up and made fully functional within several turns of the start of the game.  There are plenty of characters to get set up immedietally.  The mains should be able to ward off any serious attack, while the numbers of the rest should get rid of anything left.  The added forfiet bonus of insurrection makes the non-main scouts able to cover almost any damage.  All will have forfiet 5+  This deck should be able to hold off most any deck that comes against it.'