---
layout: post
author: ! Jordan "unibrow22" Murph
title: ! "Speeder Bikes Love Ralltiir"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-09
description: ! "My Ralltiir Ops. that uses Biker Scouts for high power in battles, and to quickly set up drains with Overseeing it Personally."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting-6

	Ralltiir Operations
	Ralltiir
	Prepared Defenses
	There Is No Try
	Imperial Arrest Order
	Mobilization Points

Locations-9

	Raithal
	Carida
	DS2 Docking Bay
	Jungle
	Swamp
	Desert
	Forest
	Spaceport Prefect’s Office
	Spaceport Docking Bay

Characters-14

	Corporal Drelosyn
	Sergeant Barich
	Corporal Misik
	Sergeant Irol
	Biker Scout Trooper x5
	Janus Greejatus
	Mara Jade
	Lord Vader x2
	Emperor Palpatine

Blue Stuff-11

	Speeder Bike x7
	Executor
	Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
	IG-88 In IG-2000
	Dengar in Punishing One

Weapons-2

	Vader’s Stick
	Mara Jade’s Stick

Interrupts-10

	High Speed Tactics x3
	Twi’lek Advisor
	Imperial Advisor
	Abyssin Ornament
	Projective Telepathy
	Trooper Assault x3

Effects-8

	Aratech Corporation
	3,720 To 1
	Search And Destroy
	Relentless Tracking
	Ability, Ability, Ability
	Imperial Decree
	Overseeing It Personally
	Royal Escort '

Strategy: '

Ok I know everybody is gonna cry about Ounee Ta, but who cares Nobody even puts it their decks anyways now since they think that Ralltiir Ops. is dead. And its not like its a total monumental change in a game if Ounee Ta is out. Screw Ounee Ta

First Turn

Use Moby. Points before you activate and pull Carida. Activate and pull the DS2 Docking Bay. You should of drawn a biker scout in your opening hand, stick him at the DS2 Dock. Bay. Get him a bike and then deploy a generic site to Ralltiir. Now youll have a great activation next turn.

Second Turn

You should have plenty of force now, and if you have a non-unique Biker Scout in hand along with a unique Biker Scout and a Speeder Bike (or any 2 other Imperials and you have enough Force to deploy them both) youll be able to flip second turn.

After the flip, the first card you should pull is a good starship of your choice to hold Ralltiir (unless you have one in hand). Nobody wants to flip back

Over the next few turns, get the Emperor and Overseeing It Personally and set up for drains at the 6 Ralltiir sites. Just keep Ralltiir well fortified with Biker Scouts and youll be set. If you have the Emperor and Janus at one site, Vader and Jade with their sabers at two others, and also control the rest of Ralltiir, you’ll be draining for 14 a turn on Ralltiir alone.

High Speed Tactics is awesome. Folks dont really expect a little Biker Scout to draw battle destinies. Its even better after the flip, youll get to add up to 6 to your battle destinies Its also great against speeders, just like Talon Roll.

Relentless Tracking is great against Spies. Hell lose 3 Force for just hanging around the Biker Scouts.

Substitutions- I left these cards out just because they dont see alot of action around my area. Id replace them if I were playing somewhere else.
	Trooper Assault for Secret Plans. Use against Profit of MWYHL
	Trooper Assault for Security Precautions. Use against Hidden Base.
	Trooper Assault for Crossfire. Use against Speeders.

Rate accordingly. Dont just bash it because its Ralltiir Ops. Thanks
'