---
layout: post
author: ! Andrew "ybardrew" Ybarrondo
title: ! 'Dark Deal with style.'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-25
description: ! 'With this deck you can control with power on the third turn, leaving your opponent no time to set anything up for themself, and if they do deploy it will only spell their certain death.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations(10)
Bespin Cloud City
Cloud City Port Town District
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Cloud City Dining Room
Cloud City Lower Corridor
Cloud City Chasm Walkway
Cloud City Upper Walkway
Cloud City Security Tower
Cloud City West Gallery
Cloud City Incinerator

Characters(20)
Biker Scout Trooper x6
Elite Squadren Stormtrooper x3
Darth Vader Dark Lord Of The Sith
Sergeant Barich
Navy Trooper x5
Corporal Drazin
Sergeant wallen
Navy Trooper Vesdon
Sergeant Tarl

Starships(5)
Obsidian 7
Obsidian 8
OS-72-2 In Obsidian 2
OS-72-1 In Obsidian 1
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Interrupts(8)
Trooper Assault x5
Twi'lek Advisor x2
Tallon Roll

Effects(15)
Secret Plans
There Is No Try
First Strike
Bad Feeling Have I
Reactor Terminal
An Entire Legion Of My Best Troops
Crush The Rebellion
Imperial Arrest Order
Dark Deal x2
Search And Destroy
Pressence Of The Force
Ability. Ability, Ability
Oppressive Enforcement
Strategic Reserves

Weapons(1)
Vaders Lightsaber

Objective
This Deal Is Getting Worse All The Time/Pray I Dont Alter It Any Further'

Strategy: '

If you are looking for a Very quick and powerful deck then this is it, if you get lucky you can get dark deal out on the second turn but most of the time its 3rd turn. That dosent give your opponent a whole lot of time because they are not going to like those dark deal bonus's. And when they come down you will have the troops and the trooper assaults to stop them and with There is no try out they will be paying either way. With the numerous effects in this deck you will be prepared for a lot of decks. This is basicly the way the deck should be played. Start with Cloud City West Gallery and get out secret plans from the obj., and then use one of your twileks to get Bad feeling have i out so an early beat down crew will not happen. You will get the Bespincloud city location out on your first turn so you will be activating a lot of force including the 10 locations in this deck. You basicly control each site with about 3 to 4 troops becase of the added power bonus from 3 places the Bespincloud city location, dark deal, and the trooper assaults. You will have damaged them a lot early so the chance of recovery is slim and if they do manage to get there you will be ready. GOOD LUCK '