---
layout: post
author: ! Andy "Solo337" McClure
title: ! "1 turn kill Tunnel Vision rocks"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-03-31
description: ! 'This deck is all about battle damage. Tunnel Visions get your combos together, and the classic Draw Their Fire/ frozen Assets combo locks ghhks.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'
Locations (7)
Throne Room
 Swamp
 Farm
Yoda's Hut
Chief Chirpa's Hut
Y4 Massassi HQ
Rendevous Point

Characters (Only 11)
EPP Obi x2
EPP Leia x2
EPP Han x2
EPP Luke x2
ECC Chewie
Tawass Khaa
Orrimaarko

Starships (4)
Lando in Falcon
Redemption
Spiral
Tantive IV

Interrupts (25)
Tunnel Vision x5
Careful Planning
Clash of Sabers x3
The Force Is Stong With This One
Gift Of The Mentor x2
Skywalkers
I Know
Don't Get Cocky
Don't Forget The Droids x2
Shocking Info
The Signal
I've Got A Bad Feeling About This
Transmission Terminated x2
Nabrun Leids x2
Glancing Blow

Effects (11)
Order To Engage
Draw Their Fire
Frozen Assets x3
Scrambled Transmission
WYTTPOU
Mechanical Failure
Battle Plan
Revolution
Bacta Tank

Creatures (2)
Nudj x2
'

Strategy: '


The entire point of this deck is to destroy in 1 or 2 big battles. It's done very well in playtesting against all types of decks. Start Y4 Throne Room, Swamp and Farm (Duh). Get Nudj's out ASAP, and get 1 or 2 characters, and 1 or 2 tunnel visions. Then just wait. Activate, activate, activate. When you have enough force for a real beatdown, play 2 tunnel visions to get all characters you need, and adders to go with them. Then deploy, clash their best character, draw their fire/ frozen assets, and beat them really badly.

You don't need more characters than 11, just get them together once or twice, and you should win.

Vs. HDADTJ Clash Vader and beat the others. I dropped Courage in place of Glancing Blow for 2 reasons 1. It has more beatdown potential. 2. If you cancel their big duel destiny, you should win. The destiny in this deck is very good.
Transterms in, of course. Use TV to get them if you need them.

Vs. ROPs Save more force than usual. Most Rops rely on reacting, and Frozen assets stops reacts cold. Fairly tough game, but Mechanical Failure should help.

Vs. Big Blue This is your hardest game. If they deploy on ground, you should be able to kill them, but if they stay purely in space, you'll have more trouble. Put your mains in space. Get out Battle Plan, Bacta Tank and Redemption. Order to Engage can really hurt if they try to run from your mains.

Vs. ISB Easy game. Just kick the crap out of those annoying agents, and use DTF/FA to keep them from Ghhking it. Use Nabrun as needed.

Against COTVG I haven't lost to this one yet. Beatdown works well, just don't let them capture any of your big mains, and kill them with weapons/attrition.

Vs Ops I haven't tried this game, but it should be easy. DTF/FA, beatdown and Nabrun.


There are a few cards that I would like to add, but don't know what to take out. Another signal, another grabber, and a few more characters would help. Generally, 11 is plenty of characters, but I would like another signal. If you aren't expecting Odds, drop a Don't Forget The Droids, but other than that, I'm not sure.

Let me know what you think-
'