---
author: Chris "Wedge231" Wodicka
title: 'MWYHL Test 5 with Seven's 2.0'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-13
description: 'Use Anger, Fear, Agressions, Uncontrollable Fury, Suprise Assaults, and the Fifth test to make the opponent hurt for draining and not battling.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations (7)
Dagobah
Dagobah: Yoda's Hut
Dagobah: Jungle
Dagobah: Swamp
Dagobah: Bog Clearing
Dagobah: Training Area
Cloud City: Carbonite Chamber

Characters (8)
TK-422
Boussh
Luke Skywalker
Obi-wan with Lightsaber x2
Melas
Tawss Khaa
Yoda

Starships (3)
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Red Leader in Red 1
Lando in Millennium Falcon

Interrupts (15)
Don't Forget the Droids x2
Suprise Assault x5
It Could Be Worse
On The Edge x2
The Signal
Transmission Terminated x2
Effective Repairs x2

Effects (13)
Wise Advice
What're You Trying to Push On Us x2
Anger, Fear, Agression x3
Uncontrollable Fury
Battle Plan
Projection of a Skywalker x2
Traffic Control
Stone Pile x2

Weapons (6)
Intruder Missile x3
Ewok Catapault x3

Devices (2):
Landing Claw x2

Jedi Tests (5)
Great Warrior
A Jedi's Strength
Domain of Evil
Size Matters Not
It is the Future You See

Objective:
MWYHL/SYIC  

Strategy: 

This is a revision of my MWYHL deck.

Always start with Wise Advice for SAC protection, the ability to stack their interrupts for free, and to add 1 to training draws. Set the site like this: Training Area (Test 1), Bog Clearing (Test 2), Jungle (Test 3), Swamp (Test 4), Yoda's Hut (Test 5). This way you can finsih up testing with your dudes at Yoda's Hut to subtract from attrition. I'm testing with Luke Skywalker for the +1 activation. I find Boussh to be more effective than DOS. Her with TK-422 and Projection of a Skywalkers will shut down all drains. With Test 1 completed, put a PoaS at a +1 drain site like Moisture Farm to shut it down and use Boussh or TK-422 at places like Backdoor and Downtown Plaza. Anyway, don't deploy your guys until the end unless its a really good opportunity. Carbonite Chamber is for a drain 2 battleground and the ships are there to have some space presence. The characters all draw destinies by themselves and with test 5 completed with a 7 on it, they're immune to attrition of atleast 3 with (Yoda at Hut and test 3) and they have +7 power with the destiny. Didn't include duel protection because all my destinies are 7's and they may scare em a bit. You shouldn't be deploying guys very early, so use Anger, Fear, Aggression, and Uncontrollable Fury to deal force loss and use Suprise Assaults along with your 7's to deal some additional force loss here and there. Battle Plan should handle the drains along with Boussh, TK-4222, Test 1, and the two Projections. Traffic Control can recycle your high destinies and then you track them and use them with Suprise Assault, testing, and/or On the Edge. Push's will deploy for free and they can keep those annoying interrupts from recycling and from being used for free. Effective Repairs is too retrieve AFA's or somehing of the sort. Transmission Terminated is for Visage and On the Edge (with test 5) along with the objective will provide good retrieval. Watch out for Secret Plans and Come Here You Big Coward though.  