---
layout: post
author: ! Karl "Faust" Schultz
title: ! "Hunt Down The Jedi, v.1.5"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-14
description: ! 'This is a Hunt Down deck, that duels and had huge destinies'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(5)
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe
Executor Meditation Chamber
Executor Holotheatre
Visage Of The Emperor
Epic Duel

Locations(5)
Bespin
Coruscant
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Cloud City Upper Walkway
Cloud City Casino

Characters(14)
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
Darth Vader x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x2
Darth Vader, With Lightsaber
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Mara Jade
Bane Malar
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
U-3PO

Starships(6)
Devastator
Avenger
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Dengar In Punishing One
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Interrupts(18)
Jabba's Through With You
Twi'lek Advisor x3
I Have You Now
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
Vader's Obsession x2
The Circle Is Now Complete x2
Torture x2
Evader
Elis Herlot x2
Focused Attack
Sniper x2

Effects(9)
Reactor Terminal x2
Come Here You Big Coward
Oppressive Enforcement
Battle Order
Security Precautions
Lateral Damage
Crush The Rebellion
A Bright Center To The Universe

Weapons(3)
Vader's Lightsaber x2
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

'

Strategy: '

Okay, this is a very simple, but powerful deck. Get Vader Out ASAP. Also, try to get Reactor Terminal out quickly too. Draw, and keep the 0s, 1s, 2s, and other cards that you know you will be needing in your hand. Put the rest back in your deck. Start force draining wherever possible. Also, don't feel scared to drop Vader, with his saber by himself. If it is choke Vader, all the better. When they drop somebody off, choke someone, and swing at someone. Don't be afraid to try and choke Luke either, beause there are A LOT of 6s in this deck. You should have no trouble spreading them thin, and maybe even winning the battle.

Here are some techs. on certain cards

Dengar With Blaster Carbine Great card for beating Ops. Drop him down, and watch the speeders go bye-bye.

A Bright Center To The Universe More control against stopping Ops, and other decks.

Lateral Damage A real killer. I played it on his Falcon, and he had to lose 25.

Coruscant Great activation, and places to deploy A Bright Center, and Lateral Damage.

Torture Protection against numbers. also great destiny.

Jabba's Through With You Good for adding a destiny, when your bounty hunter fires a weapon. Also great destiny.

Put All Sections On Alert If they happen to get on the Executor, drop somebody off, don't let them draw destiny, and just get them outta there. Also great destiny.

Shut Him Up, Or Shut Him Down Get rid of Death Star Plans (popular in my area) or Bacta Tank. Also great destiny.

Restraining Bolt As I already stated, Death Star Plans is popular, and I found this worked quite well. Great destiny.

Finally some Techs. against certain deck types

Against Ops Start Battle Order and get to their planet. Try to get A Bright Center On Coruscant ASAP. Dengar With Carbine, will be a big help.

Against MWYHL Pile everybody on a starship, and go beat Yoda, and stay and drain for the rest of the game.

Against HB DO NOT START SECUIRTY PRECAUTIONS. This way, they will go ahead and flip, then you can deploy it, and take them by surprise.

Against Profit Drop Mara and Dengar to the AC. Just keep deploy there,and if they happen to deploy Master Luke, duel him.

UPDATEOkay, the things I changed were

I took out
Nevar Yalnal
Twi'lek Advisor
First Strike

Added
Sniper x2
Crush The Rebellion
'