---
layout: post
author: Clayton "TheDohMan" Atkin
title: 'CA State Champion Light Deck'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-17
description: '  This is the Throne Rooms Mains deck that I used at the CA state Championships.  The idea behind it is to be activating for about 10 more than your opponent is, so when they try to do anything, you just beat them down.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

 Locations:
Yavin4: Throne Room  (7)
<> Farm
<> Swamp
Yavin 4: War Room
Hoth : War Room
Rendezvous Point
Yoda's Hut

	Characters  (21)
Leia w/blaster x2
Obi wan Kenobi x2
Obi w/stick
Master Luke x2
Luke w/stick
Han w/blaster x2
H'nemthe x2
Bothan Spy x2
Tawss Khaa
Orrimaarko
Bron Burs
Melas
Chewie with Blaster
Kal'Falnl C'ndros
Jeroen Webb

	Weapons  (4)
Obi's saber x2
Anakins saber x2

	Critters  (2)
Nuji x2

	Ships	 (4)
Millennium Falcon x2
Tantive
Spiral

	Interupts  (19)
Sence x5
Alter x2
Out of Commission x2
Nebrun Leids x2
Signal
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes
Shocking Information
Careful Planning
Courage of a Skywalker
Glancing Blow
Sorry about the mess
Grimtaash

	Effects  (3)
Revolution
Goo Ney Tay
Civil Disorder	 

Strategy: 

  The strategy behind this deck is to just simply overwhealm your opponent.  Here's how I attack different deck types.
   Hunt Down:  Cancel visage by deploying a spy at the holotheatre with any back-up that may be needed.  Turn the tables by draining them at their own executer sites.	Keep Obi and Luke in hand until you draw at least one of the anti-dueling cards.  Just thwart them with all the ablility 4 aliens and other epps until that time comes.  You will be able to spread out much more than most Hunt Down decks.
   Raltiir Operations:	This deck has so many characters, that you should be able to take control of Raltiir early.  (At least, thats what I've been able to do against it)  If Sandwhirl is prevelent in your area, take out a sence, and the grimtaash for 2 controls.
   Space decks:  Pray, this is the decks weakness.  I was fortunate to be able to beat a pure tie deck in the championships, but here's the way to attack it.	Don't bother with the nudj's, deploy your Obi and Master Luke with their sabers to the swamp and farm to get a drain going.  Eat the drains in space until you can build your hand with Super Falcon.  Save your Sence/Alters for the pending All power to weapons and Lateral Damages.  Don't worry about any other effects, because thats the only one that can kill you.
   ***Note for Newbies.  The h'nmethes hurt early on when your opponent is only activating for 4 force.  They are not going to want to pay 4 for an At-At pilot when the "harmless" little alien is sitting on Raltiir with a main at his side.
