---
layout: post
author: ! John "Parn12" Digiovanni
title: ! "Ralltiir Operations There they go again"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-23
description: ! "This deck pretty much leaves everything up to your imagination... force drain on the ground, fight in space... demolish him on the ground?	I hope everyone enjoys it."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Ralltiir Operations

Locations(9)
Ralltiir
Spaceport Docking Bay
Forest
Desert
Swamp
Spaceport Perfect's Office
Yavin 4 Docking Bay
Executor Docking Bay
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)

Characters(20)
Commander Igar
Biker Scout Trooper x4
Grand Moff Tarkin
Corporal Drelosyn
Sergeant Barich
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith
Lord Vader
Lieutenant Renz
General Veers
Admiral Ozzel
General Tagge
Mara Jade, the Emperor's Hand
Commander Merrejk
Colonel Davod Jon
Sim Aloo
Sergeant Elsek
Emperor Palpatine

Starships(4)
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
Flagship Executor
Vengeance

Combat Vehicles(5)
Speeder Bike x4
Tempest 1

Interrupts(6)
Prepared Defenses
Force Lightning x2
High Speed Tactics
Limited Resources
Imperial Command

Effects(12)
Mobilization Points
Insurrection
Oppressive Enforcement
Battle Order
Reactor Terminal
Presence of the Force x2
Expand the Empire
Overseeing it Personally
Relentless Tracking
Organa's Ceremonial Necklace
Search and Destroy

Weapons(2)
Vader's Lightsaber
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Admiral's Orders(1)
We're In Attack Position Now'

Strategy: '

Well, I've played against enough, so its my turn to give my thoughts on ROPs....

Simply put, this deck provides you with great flexibility and devistating power through force drains, battles, and force loss.	I put enough thought into this deck to counter most light side decks, all though there are still a few kinks to go.  The basic idea of the deck is to get out, play reckless, and start breaking down your opponent from the very beginning.  Second turn flips are VERY common, even with little force generation.  Biker Scouts on bikes, even pilots on bikes... you only need 1 to hold a site, react with them to battles... Ralltiir is a haven for your forces.

HB  Well, now that it is pretty much dead, or at least well on its way... let's give it another push.  Search and Destroy hurts a good bit, plus force drain -1 on the second turn... its not too particularly harmful until the light side flips... then he's in trouble.  The ground is yours, probably won't even fight for it.	And if he spies you, screw him... Relentless Tracking will make him think better next game.  Hold down Ralltiir, put ALL your efforts into it, let him feel the power of We're In Attack Position Now (he can't cancel that force loss ) ).	You may want to go out and get the necklace from Y4, Emperor may want to oversee things, drain him to death fast.  That's as simple as it is.

EBO Its too slow, handle it like HB... force loss it to death, choose your battles wisely, and let him have the ice planet.  Though grin when he puts someone down on the 4th marker and show him next turn why the loss of 1 was better to take.

TISGIM Turning Vader?	Nonsense, he has to WIN battles first... and most Ralltiir Ops decks are proficient at battling.  Don't get crazy... Relentless Tracking Luke and then watch how fast he runs towards that Biker Scout party on the landing platform (Vader is useful too).  Note Relentless Tracking Luke BEFORE you capture him, otherwise you can't  Don't underestimate the light side, cover your rear end.  Once again, Commander/General Occupation and speedy flips/drains are your friends.

Training  Search and Destroy	Make Luke pay for learning, education is not free.  You also have time, but ditch the necklace and overseeing it personally, they're useless.	Force Loss and a lot of quick force drains are going to be your victory against training.  Shouldn't be too difficult of a match.  Remeber to Relentless Tracking those undercover spies... make them pay for blocking a force drain of 1.

RST  You have speed over them, use it to your advantage (though Search and Destroy is useless other than Biker Scouts are +1 forfeit, hehe).

Power	Hold on to your boxers here.  Expand the Spaceport Perfect's Office... cover your rear end.  Pleanty of leaders for that +1 power/+1 forfeit... easily can have a 6 Power, 9 forfeit Ozzel, 7 Power Renz, 10 Power Vader  Make your opponent think twice before coming down... and use your match ups  Igar+Tempest 1, General+Imperial command, Barich+Biker Scouts, Elsek (Ghhhk as a character), react react react  Have fun

Its impossible to tell you exactly everything about the deck, just modify it, have fun with it, and find out all the tricks and tactics yourself.  Until next time, when I MAY post a light deck, hehe.'