---
author: Stephen "Mad Dog" Moriarty
title: Endor Operations: Speeders on the move!!!
side: Dark
date: 2000-09-17
description: This deck is a Endor Operations that uses speeders to react and beat opponent down, while draining for lots in space.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Locations (10)

Sollust
Kiffex
Kashyyk
Endor
Endor: Dark Forest
Endor: Bunker
Endor: Forest Clearing
Endor: Great Forest
Endor: Ancient Forest
Endor: Landing Platform

Characters (20)

Biker Scout Trooper x4
Sargeant Irol
Major Hewex
Corporal Drelosyn
Sergeant Elsek
Sergeant Barich
Emperor Palpatine x2
Darth Vader with lightsaber x2
Mara Jade, emperors whore
Admiral Chineareu x2
Admiral Piet
Janus Greejetas
Navy Trooper Fenson

Starships (8)

Bossk in Bus
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Dengar in Punishing 1
IG-88 in IG-2000
Conquest
Avenger
Executor

Vehicles (8)

Speeder Bike x8

Interrupts (5)

Twi’lek Advisor x2
High-Speed Tactics x2
Prepared Defenses

Effects (9)

Establish Secret Base
Ominous Rumors
Well Guarded
Search and Destroy
Imperial Arrest Order
Perimeter Patrol
You Cannot Hide Forever
Battle Order
Overseeing it Personally




Strategy: 

Also Endor Operations/Garrison is Destroyed is in the deck for a Speeder Bike.


Alright well you start with Imperial Arrest Order, You Cannot Hide Forever and Battle Order.

First turn- You activate your force and deploy any sites you have in your hand.  Next turn deploy some an ability 2 Biker scout with 2 other Biker scouts and deploy 2 Speeder Bikes from deck with another Speeder Bike at 2 different locations leave 2 force left and draw the rest.  Now you activate your force and deploy more Biker scouts and drain.  Deploy more locations, deploy Ominous Rumors and Establish Secret Base.  You want to Have Search and Destroy to hurt them and also it adds to your scouts forfeit.  Imperial Arrest Order also gives you more Forfeit.  You deploy Executor, and like 2 Bounty Hunter Ships to Endor and drain for 5 there because of Establish Secret Base, Hewix adds 1 to your forfeit of your troopers.  So basically your troopers are forfeit +4.  You drain in space and you can retrieve with your objective.  React to battles if they come to you and slaughter them.  You drain for a lot and the deck is really fast.  So thats basically the strategy.  You will rarely lose battles also because you have high forfeit with high power.	