---
author: Norman "Norman" Horn
title: 'Scouts and Fallen Portals Anonymous'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-28
description: 'Yes I butchered a title for this but hey it got your attention... ;-)'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective:
There is Good in Him

Locations (7):
Endor: Back Door
Endor: Chief Chirpa's Hut
Endor: Landing Platform
Home One: DB
Tatooine: DB
Hoth: DB
Spaceport Docking Bay

Characters (20):
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Arcona
Corporal Janse
Colonel Cracken
Sergeant Brooks Carlson
Corporal Kensaric
Corporal Midge
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk
2x Daughter of Skywalker
2x Gen. Solo
Lt. Page
Lt. Blount
2x Ben Kenobi
Harc Seff
Orrimaarko
Lt. Greeve
Yoxgit

Weapons/Devices (4)
2x Landing Claw
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber
Luke's Lightsaber

Starships (2)
Red Leader in Red 1
Lando in Falcon

Effects (8):
I Feel the Conflict
Insurrection
Wise Advice
Staging Areas
What're You Trying To Push On Us
Order To Engage
Honor of the Jedi
Mechanical Failure

Interrupts (18):
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Sense
The Signal
2x Tunnel Vision
Glancing Blow
Courage of a Skywalker
Jedi Presence
Somersault
2x Rebel Barrier
Take the Initiative
2x Insertion Planning
Lost in the Wilderness
3x Fallen Portal

Strategy: 

Ok, friends, here's the scoop.  I've been very inactive along Decktech in the last few months due to my job, which is now over because I'm on leave-of-absense.	This has left me very out of touch along the lines of popular decks.  As a result, I'm becoming a little more creative with my ideas.	Also, because my score is sooooooo low compared to these people in the top 100 who get those free kajillion points, I don't exactly care anymore about my score.

Therefore, my new attitude will be to put as many interesting and {original} as I can, or at least I hope they'll be fairly original.	You can rate them however you like, but please give useful suggestions unless you have nothing to say that would improve it.  This is where I make my stand.  I have just gone off the edge (to coin a card).  Enjoy my new decks.  Be on the lookout for a couple of other TiGiH decks (a crazy Revolution version and a Speeder version that I thought up BEFORE I'd seen Steven Lewis' deck, I swear on my honor), some space decks including 2 HB decks and a Launching the Assault deck (looked like fun), Super-TIEs and Big Blue, New ROPs (again I swear I've seen none of the new stuff), BHBM, Flagship Ops, That Thing's Operational, man I have TONS of stuff in the works.  I hope you'll take the time to check this stuff out, I'll guarantee you'll have fun!  ~Norman

(In the future this excerpt will be found on my member page.)

This deck is really fun to play, because at many points you can surprise your opponent and put him in his place.

As you can see, the point is to convert Vader.	The way you do this is to use Scouts and battle-oriented interrupts to give you the advantage.	You have Take the Initiative, Insertion Planning, Somersault (haven't seen that one in a while have you?), Jedi Presence (ditto), Fallen Portal (yeeeeee-haa!), etc. to use to your advantage.

You start the game with Wise Advice, Insurrection, and Staging Areas ALWAYS.  On the first turn, provided that no one has been deployed to the LP, you deploy H1DB from reserve with a deploy 2 guy there (preferably Harc or Yoxgit), move Luke and draw.  Unless they capture Luke, that means you'll be activating 11 force on the second turn.

Now comes the fun.  Set yourself up on 2 docking bays, still leaving some offensive power in your hand, and be patient, see if they come at you.  I prefer to set up the Endor Platform and Tatooine because of Ben Kenobi.  When they come to you -- KABLAM!  Hit them with Fallen Portal, Insertion Planning, Somersault, whatever you got that ain't complete overkill.  Simply use enough interrupts and such to win the battle, save as much as you can for the next time.

So suppose they avoid you and stock themselves up, like at Ralltir.  First, stock force and get some offensive interrupts and effects (aka Mechanical Failure).  Then deploy and beat.	Don't forget that sometimes you can strand guys by using Rebel Barrier and then take him out.	You also have 2 spy/scouts for non-battleground beats.

So, once you've won enough battles convert Vader and shake hands.  At many times you won't even need to convert Vader to win.

If you're up against....

HDADTJ -- You have duel cards and Tunnel Visions, that's almost enough said.  Your worst enemy is a DV's Saber, so don't deploy Ben until you know that Luke is safe and you are confident you can win your duel.  Set up your high destiny cards like Insertion Planning.  2 Spies and Honor help out against Visage.  Tough game but winnable.

Big Blue -- You got Landing Claws and Yoxgit, that's all I could afford.  Hope it works. ;-)

BHBM -- Track destinies and don't lose battles, that's your only hope.  Since they'll be initiating a lot of battles too, you have a greater chance of being able to pull off Fallen Portal.  It's too bad you can't use it when you initiate too.  Try to win the BHBM duels and I believe that'll add cards to IFTC.  If I'm wrong tell me PLEASE!!!  Keep Honor in your hand until he flips.

ROPs -- Don't know enough about the new versions to know exactly how to work a counter.  Just do your thing and you'll do fine.

Anything else -- Well, you can drain for a bit with Midge and stuff, and you can win the battles, and if Vader ain't carryin' Luke he's losing force, OTE will help, I think that'll cover most of it.  Uhh, if you're losing you should pray, that generally helps. ;-)

This deck is pretty raw and hasn't been tourney tested, but it is SO MUCH FUN!

Take note that I'm also behind on rulings, if I've misunderstood some rule here, please correct me gently, cuz I really want to know, but I'd prefer if it weren't shoved straight down my throat. ;-)

I'm glad to be back guys, happy gaming and God bless,

~Norman Horn