---
layout: post
author: Zach "yodamuppet" Marshall
title: 'No Soup For You!'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-06-09
description: ! 'This deck has force choke, drain potential, and raw power.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (3)
Hoth Ice Plains
Combat Readiness
Hoth Defensive Perimeter

Characters (13)
Admiral Motti
Admiral Ozzel
Commander Igar x2
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x2
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
General Veers
Kitik Keed'kak
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
Niado Duegad

Starships/Vehicles (10)
Blizzard 2
Boba Fett In Slave I
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Devastator
Dune Walker x2
Tempest 1
Executor
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Interrupts (19)
Alter x3
Control x2
Elis Helrot x2
Evader
Sense x4
Trample x2
Twi'lek Advisor x3
You Are Beaten x2

Effects (5)
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward
Crush The Rebellion
Reactor Terminal
Security Precautions

Locations (7)
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Coruscant
Death Star
Endor Back Door
Executor Meditation Chamber
Kashyyyk
Hoth Wampa Cave

Weapons (3)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber x2'

Strategy: '

Responses to some reviews
Dannik Jerriko is not the reason I chose this particular title. Ever seen Sienfeld? There's a guy referred to as the Soup Nazi. He says "No soup for you". I felt like that phrase fit the deck, hence the title. Now I may put Dannik  in a version 2 deck (because he really does fit in) but he's not in this one so stop with the complaints about it. Do not dock points because he's not in here.

Kitik Keed'kak is coming out of the deck. I've been persuaded to take her out because she isn't worth having in here. Do not dock points because she's in here.

Imperial Decree is replacing Crush The Rebellion and Evader. With the threat of Set Your Course, Revo should not be seen very much anymore (if at all). Imp Decree should help against FD bonuses anyway, so it goes in. Quit docking points while telling me to put it in.

MWYHL/X-Wing swarm I am just not worried about it. I have some tough ships and pilots that can be added to them. They can hold up against X-Wings (we all know they spread out, and it isn't that hard to beat them). I am also not worried about MWYHL, as I can draw low destiny for Sense and Alter. Do not dock points because you think I will always draw high for Sense and Alter. Do not dock points because you think this is weak against X-Wings.

Trample is in here because it's useful. I have my fair share of high destiny cards, so please do not assume I will always draw too low to kill anything. Trample is a used interrupt, so I will always get another chance if I miss. I can also track destiny (something I've been working at lately) so I can most likely make sure I kill something. Do not dock points because you think I will miss every time.

Executor Meditation Chamber is another card I have replaced. I will instead be using Coruscant Imperial Square. Do not dock points because you think I will get characters trapped there.

We now return to your regularly scheduled strategy section
Pretty self explainitory. I'll explain why I have certain cards in here for those of you who seem sceptical.

Admiral Motti - He's really not that bad. Deploy 3, power 3, ability 3, forfeit 5. He's great on a ship or walker, so he's in.

Commander Igar - I use two of them because he works on Dune Walkers as well as Tempest 1. Most people don't catch that.

Veers and Blizzard 2 - Veers is just as good on Blizzard 2 as he is on Blizzard 1, and Blizzard 2 has a permanent pilot.

Kitik Keed'kak - Come on, she's power 8 I don't have to worry about the deploy cost, cause I have all the Force I need.

Niado Duegad - This is an underused character. You can pump him up to power 8, and it doesn't have to be in a battle. That means he also works well against Surprise Assault when there aren't any walkers at the same site.

SAC Package - I always say I'd rather play with it than without it. People don't really expect Control anymore, so a couple of those went in. I usually only use them to cancel Force drains, but they come in handy elsewhere.

Evader - I only use one cause that's all I really need. Crush The Rebellion pulls it from my deck, so that's not a problem. If I happen to lose it, I can still cancel Revolutions with my Alters.

Trample - I think of it as a Sniper that I can use at any time. I have more walkers than characters with weapons so it makes sense to use this instead of Sniper.

You Are Beaten - I got tired of Uncontrollable Fury making me lose Force. It can also be used to apply more of a beatdown, so it fits anyway.

Locations - They all give me plenty of Force, not too much to the opponent, and I have plenty of locations that I can drain at.

Well that's my baby. I hope you like it.  '