---
author: Sean "Kyle Katarn" Luhks
title: 'They're on Dantooine.'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-27
description: 'We all know that the flip side of Dantooine Base Operations should have been exactly like Ralltiir Operations, but this objective can still be used to make a kickass deck.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting (6):
Dantooine Base Operations
Dantooine
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Insurrection
Squadron Assignments
Strike Planning

Locations (8):
Swamp
Farm
Forest
Jungle
Endor
Rendezvous Point
Dagobah: Yoda's Hut
Hoth: Echo Command Center

Characters (22):
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x2
Obi-Wan Kenobi x2
Daughter Of Skywalker x2
General Solo
General Calrissian
General Crix Madine
Chewbacca
Orrimaarko
Nien Nunb
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Colonel Cracken
Lieutenant Blount
Tycho Celchu
Lieutenant Greeve
Lieutenant Page
Sergeant Brooks Carlson
Ithorian x3

Weapons (3):
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber
Luke's Lightsaber
Anakin's Lightsaber

Admiral's Orders (1):
Capital Support

Starships (6):
Red Squadron 1
Green Squadron 3
Tala 1
Tala 2
Home One
Independence

Effects (9):
Do, Or Do Not
Wise Advice
Goo Nee Tay
Close Air Support
Honor Of The Jedi
Your Insight Serves You Well
Uncontrollable Fury
Menace Fades
Bacta Tank

Interrupts (6):
A Few Maneuvers x2
The Signal x2
Rebel Barrier x2

Strategy: 

REMOVE: Tycho Celchu, Green Squadron 3, Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron 1, A Few Maneuvers x2

ADD: Liberty, Defiance, H'nementhe x2, Rebel Leadership x2

This is one deck that is guaranteed to suprise people if you bring it to a local tournament.  While Dantooine Base Operations is obviously not as powerful as Ralltiir Operations (or most of the other Light Side objectives for that matter), there are a certain few Light Side cards that can make Dantooine Base Operations extremely effective.  My goal when creating this deck was to create a safe haven at which to drain without fear while simultaneously reducing the opponent's drains (using objective and Menace Fades together).  The Light Side has access to some very heavy Force drain modifiers that will allow this deck to easily outdrain most Dark Side decks; Ithorians, three lightsabers, and Capital Support combine for a maximum potential of 14 Force loss on Dantooine each turn.  With the objective, Goo Nee Tay, Tala 2, H'nementhes each adding to the deploy cost of the opponent's characters onto Dantooine, (not to mention Rebel Barrier to slow the Dark Side even more) the opponent will be severely hindered when attempting to battle you on Dantooine.  The real clincher which will win battles on the ground, however, is Close Air Support, which will allow you to add a battle destiny and a power destiny wherever you have a scout (the deck is packed with them).

Just for clarifications on why I incorporated a few cards:

Insurrection is included simply to give Rebels higher forfeit.	Feel free to use a different effect to start if necessary

Strike Planning is included to allow you to pull two of your three generals from your Reserve Deck early in the game.

Squadron Assignments is used to put Cracken in Tala 1 and Blount in Tala 2.  Pull Madine with Strike Planning, pull either pilot with Madine's text, and then pull the ship by deploying the pilot.  Instant Close Air Support.

Endor is included because it gives you an extra two Force activation and gives your opponent none.  Endor is also the battleground system required for Battle Order, Menace Fades, and your Admiral's Order.

Capital Support is used mainly for its direct damage but will also provide bonus immunity for your Star Cruisers.   