---
layout: post
author: Alfred "ThaBraHmaBuL" Dong
title: 'Who let the dogs out?'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-30
description: ! 'The D-O-DOUBLE-G that lays the smackdown BHBM style.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start

Just Bring It/Layeth the Smacketh Down
DS2 Throne Room
Your Destiny
Insignificant Rebellion
Oppressive Enforcement
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
Prepared Defenses

Locations

Rendili
DS2 Docking Bay
Endor Docking Bay
 Spaceport Docking Bay

Characters

Emporer Palpatine x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x3
Lord Vader
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral Piett
Admiral Chiraneau
General Veers
Captain Sarkli
Mara Jade, The Emporers Slave x2

Weapon

Mara Jades Lightsaber

Starships/Vehicles

Flagship Executor
Dominator
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Dreadnuaghts x2
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Interrupts

Force Lightning
Young Fool
Masterful Move x2
Monnok
Imperial Barrier x3
Alter x2
Id Just As Soon Kiss the Wookiee
Imperial Command x3
Rise, My Friend x2
Twilek Advisor x2
Trample

Effects

Grabber x2
Search and Destroy
Lateral Damage



'

Strategy: '

Update Theres also one more card in there.......

Were in Attack Position

I took out IJASKAW in favor of Emporers Power, vs. decks in which I need to duel Luke constantly, this helps immensely in ensuring they dont come to the Death Star and it makes battling my stuff that much worse.


Response to a few reviews

Mains and toys are really no problem.....When Luke gets captured at the sight of Vader, theres really nothing to worry about any more, since every destiny adder in the book thats decent works with LUKE. If they play SAC, its simple....GRAB SENSE and pop an Alter. They can play Alter all they like, theres really nothing to Alter thats too important. Just use Barrier and IJASKTW, Trample, Choke, Force Lightning, Sim, Janus, and Imperial Command to add and restrict destinty to give you the edge.

This deck has very few troubles against MWYHL.....I know it looks as if itll hurt against it, but it really doesnt. Most MWYHL decks wont get Traffic out 1st turn and start tracking, youd capture Luke first and bring him back to the Throne Room before they even consider it. Besides, all you need is Sim Aloo to handle that.....before every duel, peek at his destiny and rearrange it.

END UPDATE


Its BHBM.....not entirely original, I’ll admit, so dont mark me off for it. Generate your force, send the Emporer wherever needs going, and just beat them up and take no names.

Rendili, Emporer and one of the Dbays comes out first turn to get your generation flowing. Sim Aloo to rig thier destinies and Janus to add to drains and track yours.

Some cards explained


Vaders I would totally go with 4 Lord Vaders, but I have no room for the Lightsabers, nor do I wish to MAKE room for them. Choking Vader is still just as awesome, and gets rid of guys faster than the saber does.

Imperial Command Why isnt everyone using this card???? Pulls an Imperial, recycles a 4......Adds a destiny, recycles a 4.......Prevent them from drawing more than one, recycles a 4. Every way you look at it, it does some useful stuff and recycles itself too. Kills the Super Falcon and adds(and gets) one of the 3 Admirals and Veers too.

Young Fool When it comes down to a game of dueling Luke out for the win, this cancels NOOOOOOO so it doesnt screw you over.....it also places LS guys out of play if theyre dumb enough to try and go after Palpatine. Its also destiny 6, just use Janus to cycle it back.

Id Just As Soon Kiss A Wookiee This card makes and breaks games. Along with the 3 Barriers, you can totally prevent them from battling you, and lets you smack down whats left there after you bounce one of his guys. The best part is, once he has to redeploy the guy, you can still Barrier him, which makes them think twice before thinking he’ll just run away.

Emporer Two in the deck because he comes out first turn anywhere youd like, for 3 force. TRM will find Emporer at thier Farm or Swamp, RTP hell hit Yavin, TIGIH to the Endor Dbay, and he usually sticks for the game too. No Emporers Power because you just dont need it.....Ive never had to sit the Emporer at the Throne Room just to add destiny.

Sarkli Anti-Ops and anti-activation. Spy, pilot, and all purpose Imperial.


What to do vs


Profit Start Mara at the AC, and drop Emppy first turn to JP. Grab Maras stick, and move over to Emppy for a constant drain of 3 early. Pull Force Lightning, and he wont be able to move Han out of the AC.....If you get Young Fool with the Lighting, its game. Send Vader in to kill Han...and spread a little with Walkers and Veers and Chiraneua at the systems.....easy game.


TIGIH Send Emporer to the Dbay first turn to cut thier activation. If he gives you Luke, drop Vader and give it to him. Masterful for Monnok to keep his hand low and to kill off some Eloms/Ewoks. Set up the dueling and start making him lose duel damage. Dont spread out, make you you have good power everywhere and they cant beat you down. Imperial Command for added destinies and to kill Super Falcon.


MWYHL Satisfy Honor with your 2 dbays and Rendili, and start draining. Force Luke out with Vader and start dueling him for 3 a turn. Track a 6 after he completes test 5, and move Vader and Emporer to the Endor Dbay for test 6 and back them up with Walkers and such.....Once they deploy DOS, Force Lightning her and Young Fool to place her out of play. If you cant set this up, beat the tar outta DOS with your power there.....he wont move away since it costs about 10 to do so. Long game, but you should win it.


HB Never deploy ships early....wait until they flip, and just eat up thier small drains for awhile. Duel Luke for 3 a turn, and if they spread hit them with Lateral for the beatdown. Start deploying once they flip, and probe and drain for the win.


RTP The game is over from the start. Drop Emporer to the Dbay 1st turn, grab Force Lightning and move to the War Room. If they grab Honor now, Alter it. If they deploy a scrub and then drop Honor, beat the scrub up and then Alter it. Let them free Leia but keep Vader with Leia so she cant drain on the way back, and back up the Emporer.  Once she comes home, hit her with Force Lightning and place her out of play with Young Fool for the game. Easy win.


This deck is awesome.....its on a 29-1 record, and its only loss came when I acted like an idiot and moded the deck before the tourney. If you have any questions, dmail me before you rate this.


Alfred Dong
The Brahma Bull

'