---
layout: post
author: ! Stephen "Mad Dog" Moriarty
title: ! "The Agents are in the Court (New Objective)"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-25
description: ! 'This deck uses the New Objective from Jabbas Palace Sealed deck.  This deck uses the objective to retrieve the Non-Unique Aliens and cancel destiny while draining on Endor.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective Agents in The Court/No Love for the Empire.

Locations (8)

JP Audience Chamber (S)
Tatooine Hutt Trade Route (S)
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Endor Chief Chirpa’s Hut
Endor Rebel Landing Area
Endor Hidden Forest Trail
Endor Back Door

Characters (29)

Lando w/ Vibro Ax
General Solo
General Crix Madine
Daughter of Skywalker
CoK
Jedi Luke x2
Obi-wan w/ Lightsaber
Ewok Sentry x12
Kazak x2
Wuta
Chief Chirpa x5 (Rep)
Major Panno
Ithorian x3

Starships (7)

GLIG1
RLIR1
Spiral
Tantive IV
Red Squadron X-Wing x2

Interrupts (6)

Heading for the Medical Frigate
Nar-shadda Wind Chimes x3
Rebel barrier x2

Effects (7)

Battle Plan
Yarna Dal Gal (S)
YISYW (S)
Menace Fades
Strike Planning (S)
Insurrection (S)
Staging Area’s

Devices/Weapons (1)

Luke’s Lightsaber

'

Strategy: '

Read Strategy before Reviewing this deck PLZ


This deck you use the objective and start the 2 sites with Yarna on the table.	You also show Chief Chirpa as your Rep.

Basically you just use Insurrection to get the 2 docking bay’s the first 2 turns and YISYW you can lose to either get Staging Area’s or Battle Plan or Menace Fades, which ever you need.  Well the reason i use Ewoks is because Ewoks are really good for draining and good for Battling.  You probably won’t be losing battles either.  This deck also uses the Objective to cancel a destiny and retrieve your Ewoks when they die.

Now the reason for each card.....

General Solo  He is amazing and self Explanitory, basically he cancels a destiny.

Lando with Vibro Ax  He is amazing since he can exclude characters.  With him you deploy him to Tatooine DB then move him to endor.

General Crix Madine  He is amazing since he pulls Ewok Sentry.  That is just incredible.  Usually first turn you get out him, then the Endor DB, then deploy Chewbacca and then deploy Wuta to the Docking Bay then with YISYW take Staging Area’s.

CoK  He pulls Wuta and is a power 6 and ability 2 character.  Wuta pulls locations also.

Jedi Luke  Do i have to explain, he is Luke and he is great

Obi-wan w/ Saber  He is a main and is good thats all.	I use him instead of Regular Obi because he has the Lightsaber built in and i save a card.

Daughter of Skywalker	She kicks @#$% because she give’s another Icon so your Ewoks with her are power +1.

Chief Chirpa  he is the Rep and thats all you need to know.  He also pulls ewoks.

Ewok Sentry  They are all scouts and they are amazing because of that.  with Chirpa and Crix on table you deploy 2 a turn and can retrieve 1 a turn with Objective.

Kazak	He adds 1 to drains where Ewok is so thats amazing.

Wuta  He pulls Endor Locations.

Major Panno  I activate +4 force basically which is amazing.

Ithorian  Add an Icon for each side so i can drain more and power +1 for ewoks at same site.

Starships  They are all good starships and are very good since they can hold a System together.

Heading for the Medical Frigate  Lets me start 3 effects.

Nar-shadda wind chimes  Lets me pull Ewoks and i can retrieve lots of force with this card.

Rebel Barrier	Stop them from destroying me at a site.

Luke’s Lightsaber  Good Lightsaber thats all.

Chief Chirpa’s Hut  Deploy my ewoks there free and then move my Ewoks out from there.

JP AC  this is used to hurt court and not let them get an Alien.

Tatooine Docking Bay 94  This card is used for Staging Area’s and transferring my guys over from Tatooine.

Tatooine Hutt trade Route  Have to start with Objective.

Endor Docking Bay  You can pull with Insurrection and really good for Activation. Also to transfer my guys from each location.

Endor Hidden Forest Trail  Move Ewoks anywhere

Endor Back Door  Good Location for draining.

Endor Rebel Landing Site  Good Site for my Rebels.

YISYW	This can pull any of my effects

Menace Fades  Stop Draining Bonuses

Strike Planning  Pulls my 2 Generals

Insurrection  Pulls Docking Bay’s.

Battle Plan  Harder for Opponent to Drain.

Staging Area’s  I activate more force.

Thats about all of the cards.  So basically this deck is hard to compete with and doesn’t have any weaknesses.  This deck is really fast and will do very good.

To look at the new cards go to http//www.decipher.com/starwars/cardlists/jabbaspalacesealeddeck/light/index.html

Steve M
'