---
layout: post
author: ! Jamie "JEEBS" Giberti
title: ! "The Ayatolla OF Rock N Rolla Re-Returns"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-15
description: ! "Vaders back again"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting

Hunt Down and Destroy The Jedi
Epic Duel
Visage of The Emperor
Executor Holotheatre
Executor Meditation Chamber
Prepared Defenses
Crush The Rebellion
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order (9)

Locations

Rendilli
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Death Star 2Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Yavin 4 Docking Bay
Cloud City East Platform (6)

Effects

No Escape
Oppressive Enforcement
Search and Destroy
Security Precautions
Imperial Decree
Reactor Terminal
2 x Visage Of The Emperor (8)

Weapons

2 x Vader’s Lightsaber
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber (3)

Starships

Boba Fett in Slave 1
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Executor
Chimaera (4)

Characters

Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Lord Vader
2 x Darth Vader
2 x Grand Moff Tarkin
2 x Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Emperor Palpatine
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Iggy with Riot Gun
Dannik Jerrico
Dr. Evazan (14)

Interrupts

2 x Vader’s Obcession
2 x The Circle Is Now Complete
Focused Attack
2 x I Have You Now
Weapon Levitation
2 x Imperial Barrier
2 x Counter assault
Sniper
Masterful Move
Projective Telepahty
You Are Beaten (16) '

Strategy: '

NB Pull the ds2 db for r2-q2. I’d forgotten about the little guy ^_^, pull a counter assault for an its worse, chimarea for bossk in HT, and executor for another Janus

This is the third version of my fun and now successful Hunt Down dueling deck. Usual HD start, No Escape can be exchanged
for Crush if you want, I prefer Crush, to get I have you Now out. Get Rendilli straight away,
and get the ds2 docking bay for good early generation. I went back to rendilli cos Gall never helped much, plus the +1 force is nice.
If you get it in your starting 8 then u can pull
the executor. Basically then go and battle the opponent wherever they are. The destiny is this deck
is fantastic, so attrition will get them if the lightsabers dont(all the zeros can now be pulled out).
Weapon Lev is fantastic (Props to Peter Di Biasio for showing me that one), nicking Jedi Lukes saber is especially
good, reducing his power, immunity and defense value, thats sweetI have you now will lay the smack down. Janus Greejatus is god, the man is the most tech card ever printed, makes reactor
terminal almost unneccessary (but still worth having). There is a wide range of characters to avoid the OOC situation
where in the event Vader dies, u have other characters to work with.
The choice of Vaders is because of what I have, if you have more choke vaders or Lord Vaders, u can change the mix accordingly.

* I would like to add in a dengar with gun, but dont know what to remove*

*Changes from last time*

You Are Beaten
Uncontrollable Fury can be a real pain in the @$$, as i have found to my horror when playing a dagobah deck in the last tourney I went to.
So in comes YAB. Plus its always nice to have another beatdown tool like that, when Ben and Wedge becomes just wedge, thats sweet.

Projective Telepathy
In That same Dagobah game, Anger Fear Aggression also helped cause my downfall, and I dont want it happening again, so in comes projective.
Cancelling a battle is also crucial, if they have saved just the right amount of force to do everything, then you make them pay 2 force,
just watch their face go from ^_^ to o(

DS DB/CC DB for exe db and tatooine db

Simple, I dont Want Vader going missing from a Lost In The Wilderness. I may put Tat Db back in because Tat is the Light Sides main planet
these days, i’ll see how it goes.

VS Profit

HD is Profits worst opponent, its nearly always kills it. Start Mara and Boba or Dr E, and U can bring vader First turn thanks to the 2 force they give you. Control the AC, beat down anything they send your way. Ancearly frustration might make them lose a crucial card (an extra han maybe). if they do flip, send the squad after Han, nick him with Iggy, or just kill him. Easy win

VS Tat Mains

they normally pack 3 Luke and 3 Ben, so if you can eliminate them with Epic Duels, then they wont have that much left to have a go with. Epic dueling Luke with Mara is probably safer, just in case you fear the worst (or do it with untracked destiny). Emperor, Sim, and Janus can lay some beats down too if neccessary. (if you fear this, pull boba and put dannik in)

VS TIGIH

Interesting. For God sake, dont let them win more than 2 battles, Keep your forces in groups or you will be asking for it big time. Dueling Luke is out of the question, so make sure Obi goes OOP. If its TIGIH Ewoks, its not as easy as it sounds, the little buggers get quite powerful, but you should still win. Watch out for Anakin Skywalker.

VS Throne Room Mains

See Tat Mains. Start No Escape so you deploy cheap on yavin and start draining there.

VS Dagobah

Spread out and drain. Occupy 3 Battlegrounds so Visage and S&D Hurts Them. Could Start No Escape here aswell. By The Time they flip, it should be nearly over.	HB

VS HB
Go about it as normal, then when they flip, probe them and do some damage. Will be tough, but is still there to be won, .... or lost. May come down to the draw. Set up s&d asap, and maybe start no escape if you think it is a proper HB, so the damage will take its toll	 '