---
layout: post
author: ! Tyler "231" Martin
title: ! 'Rescue The Princess'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-25
description: ! 'Rescue Leia quickly, then go battle them in space or on the ground.  Death Star Plans is easy retrieval.  This is a good deck.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Rescue the Princess

Locations (6)
Yavin 4 Docking Bay
Yavin 4 War Room
Death Star Docking Bay
Death Star Detention Block Corridor
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Home One Docking Bay

Characters (23)
Prisoner 2187 x3
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x2
Obi-Wan Kenobi x2
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol x2
Lando With Vibro-Ax x2
8D8 x2
WED-9-M1 Bantha Droid
Bron Burs
Melas
Orrimaarko
BoShek
Tawss Khaa
Commander Wedge Antilles
Derek "Hobbie" Klivian
Zev Senesca
Chewie With Blaster Rifle

Starships (4)
Home One x2
GLIG 1
RLIR 1

Interrupts (8)
Heading For The Medical Frigate
The Signal x4
Lift Tube Escape
Transmission Terminated x2

Effects (14)
Death Star Plans x3
Echo Base Garrison x2
Wise Advice
Order To Engage
Insurrection
Staging Areas
Cell 2187
Bacta Tank
I Hope She’s Alright
What’re You Tryin To Push on Us
Battle Plan

Vehicles (2)
Lift Tube x2

Weapons (2)
Luke’s Lightsaber
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber
'

Strategy: '

I’m considering taking the Trans Term and Battle Plan out.  Maybe Chewie also. Not sure if I need them.


To free Leia, use one of the 4 Signals to get a quick Echo Base Garrison.  This is extremely important.  EBG pulls 8D8 (instrumental in getting Leia freed) and Bacta Tank (to keep Leia alive if something goes wrong). I need all of the Signals because a quick 8D8 is very important.  I start Wise Advice to keep EBG on the table if Altered early.  I drop a few guys with Leia and escort her back to the War Room.  EBG even helps here as I can drop a guy to help her back.	Usually, I just use EBG to put Wedge and Hobbie at the Docking Bays to give me some generation.  Wedge’s power 3 and forfeit 8 helps in case the opponent uses a spy attack.  Once flipped, the opponent’s ground forces die horribly, since their Imperials, Vehicles, and Imperial Starships have no immunity to attrition.  Attrition against them is +2, and every unique character and starship is out of play.	Death Star Plans takes care of any losses pretty well (tracked Lift Tube plus Lift Tube Escape empties my Lost Pile every time).  They stand no chance, once their main characters are gone forever.  Kill Vader once and Hunt Down and BHBM cannot function.  This is especially nice since he has no immunity at all.

I use the two Docking Bays for extra generation.  I can get 15 without any from the opponent.  This is a problem in most RTP decks, and I have pretty much solved this.

Two 8D8 in case one gets Force Lightninged, Snipered, or something else horrible in the first few turns.  Batha Driod is awesome.  Sit him at a Docking Bay and the opponent cannot play Lateral Damage.  This means that my Home One will never be beaten down easily, and protects my other ships from being thoroughly trashed.  He can also do Death Star Plans instead of 8D8 if 8D8 gets killed.	I use droids instead of Bothan spies because I never really need to retrieve much force anyway, I can pull the Droids, the Droids are very useful, and Bothan Spies suck.  Zev, Wedge, and Hobbie are nice to throw down at the Docking Bays early in the game, then to transit for free back to Yavin or the Death Star once you have a controlled flip taken care of.  The rest is pretty much straight up battling.

The ships are nice because they draw destiny, and with Lateral Damage canceled, they will survive long enough to knock a few of the opponents ships out of play.  Also, if they use Zuckuss In Mist Hunter, all I have to do is let my attrition of 2 each turn slowly eat at his ships (from my Objective) or toss one of my many pilots aboard.

The Lift Tubes give me a Death Star Plans in two turns, and greatly speed up the flipping of my Objective.  They can also be tracked around with Lift Tube Escape.  You could also put Luke or Obi-Wan aboard it if they have Vader out.  This flips their objective back and keeps them from dueling untill you place Vader out of play.

The Signals help me get EBG or any of the other important effects (DSP, Bacta Tank, I Hope She’s Alright, Order to Engage,...).Trans Term helps early against Visage, so you can establish some control of the board without losing Force every turn.  They may not be necessary though, because Lando could do this job also (he is a spy).  Lift Tube escape helps me grab a Lift Tube quickly, and is the supreme trakcing machine for DSP, since I will have a 5 and 6 right in a row in my Used Pile, ready for a next turn DSP.

Death Star Plans is an obvious source of very easy retrieval.  Echo Base Garrison is huge in this deck.  I can get everything I need to get Leia freed and keep her alive.  I use 2 EBG and 4 Signal because EBG is not immune to alter, and I don’t start with it, so I need to get it quickly.  Bacta Tank is great to save Leia from the Lost Pile, and keep other battling characters in play as well.  Cell 2187 is emergency use only, throw down Wedge/ Lando/ Orrimaarko or whoever and free Leia that way if soemthing happens to BOTH 8D8’s or I can’t get EBG for some reason.  It is immune to Alter with my Objective.  I always start Insurrection and Staging Areas for activation, pumped-up forfeit, protection from Elis, and Docking Bay access.  Wise Advcie is always my third starting effect, because it protects EBG, Bacta tank, DSP, OTE
and other cool effects from being Lost.  Plus, with four Signals I can get them back very quickly if Altered.  My grabber can also deploy for free, a little bonus.  Battle Plan is nice a draining opponent, because they will have to pay 4 per drain (with my Objective).  The Grabber can be sued for All Power To Weapons, Trooper Assault, or any annoying Effect.  I only play one because I never use more than one in each game, and my four Signals can get it quickly.  I hope She’s Alright gives me an extra edge in space or TIE decks, where the lost TIE’s are not placed out of play.  Remember, the Emperor is not immune to attrition, so he will die quickly.  Combine this with Battle Order, and things will get rough for them pretty quickly.  Order To Engage is nice.  Should they battle and have their characters placed out of play, or lose three force to escape from battle.

Against Hunt Down/ BHBM-
They will die once Vader and the Emperor are placed out of play.  As long as 8D8 makes it to Leia, they have no chance.  This is an easy game.

TIE’s-
They will be paying 4 per drain, and I Hope She’s Alright hurts them.  Any unique ships they use will be gone, so it will be me against TIE’s without immunity, and without a power bonus once I grab APTW.  I can drain for 6 on the ground, so I am well capable of doing damage to them.

Ralltiir-
Not many of these anymore.  They will let you flip while they are setting Ralltiir up.	They lose all immunity on their vehicles, so everything will die.  My attrition bonus will help offset theirs, and my huge forces have no problem in killing them.  Sometimes I transit to their SP Docking Bay to save a bunch of Force, and use OTE to inflict major damage on them.

Court/MKOS-
Flip, then go to their planet and fight them.  Capturing has never been a problem, as all of their Bounty Hunters are hit by my weapons and placed out of play.  An invasion of the Audience Chamber will seal this one.  Swarms of Abyssins are not so powerful once Myo, Jabba, and Gailid are gone.


This deck has an advantage against every other deck out there, and handles most popular decks with ease.  Finally, I will not take out any of the Signals because they are too useful, and I will not change my start because it gives me such a huge advantage.

Thanks for reading, please review constructively.  If you are going to give me four stars or whatever please explain it.  Don’t just give me four and say good deck.  That does not help.



'