---
layout: post
author: ! Justin "hoostino" Warren
title: ! "American Beauty (Hidden Mains by Hoostino)"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-27
description: ! 'This is a damn good mains deck. Much like the New Age Soul Reaver deck I posted, but no Revos this time.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Hidden Base

Locations (9)
R. Point
indicator
Corulag
Dagobah
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Home One Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
CC Platform 327 (Docking Bay)
Tatooine Docking Bay 94

Characters (15)
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x3
Ben Kenobi x3
Lando W/Ax x2
Cap’n Han x2
EPP Leia x2
ECC Chewie
Tawss Khaa
Orrimaarko

Starships (2)
M. Falcon x2

Weapons (2)
Luke’s Stick
Obi’s Stick

Interrupts (24)
Heading For The Frigate
Sense x5
Alter x3
Tunnel Vision x3
Fallen Portal x2
On The Edge x2
Off The Edge x2
Throw Me Another Charge x3
Fall Of The Lengend x3

Effects (7)
Insurrection
Staging Areas
Your Insight Serves You Well
Order To Engage
Battle Plan
Menace Fades
Honor Of The Jedi
'

Strategy: '

 
I love this deck. It can beat virtually anything. Track, battle, retrieve, shut your opponent down.
In the early game, use Tunnel Vision to pull what ever it is you need. An ideal set up is Jedi Luke with stick or Ben and Lando alone at a DB with a Fallen Portal. This is easy to set up by turn 3 due to the mega activation.

CARDS I WANT TO ADD 

I Hope She’s All Right - I usually play with this card in any mains deck to combat TIEs. This card will wreck them, even if they drop a non-Emperor character at the DS DB in a SYC deck. Just move a main over there and let them battle, play Fallen Portal, game.

Duel Defense (i.e. Courage and Glancing Blow) - These cards will surely help me to beat a dueling Hunt Down, but I haven’t had any problems with dueling as of yet. In case you didn’t notice, I have some mad trackable destinies, too. Most of the time against a dueling deck, they will fight you first, and use Fallen Portal to your advantage.

Weapon Levitation - Damn Lord Vader with a stick can be murder, cause he can’t be Fallen Portaled. This fixes that problem. Also helps me pull my sabers out. I really need to find room for that card, but that’s the problem - room.

One more Sense - I must win the SAC war against a BHBM in order to pull off the retrieval, which will bring them down after you’ve given them Luke.


MATCHUPS 

Vs. Hunt Down 
I have not run into any problems against Hunt Down yet, although you have to be skillful in your battling to win. Fallen Portal is mega huge in this game. In the early game, don’t get stupid and dump Insight right away, go after Vader first. You can afford to lose to Visage early due to the retrieval, but you can’t afford to get hit with multiple Numbers. Unless you are positive they are not playing Numbers, don’t sack Insight off the bat. If you are unsure, go after Vader and remove him from the table and see what they do. If you are battling him, you are seeing part of his deck in his destinies, and you could see something that will tell to keep Insight out. Be smart in this situation.
Once you know what they are doing, solidify the docking bays and Fallen Portal them to death. Then retrieve whatever damage they managed to deal to you. Easy win.

Vs. BHBM 
This is by far your tougest matchup. If at all possible, try to use Luke for a beat before handing him over. Otherwise you must get Ben down with Lando and wait with Fallen Portal. You also must get Ben’s stick down ASAP to avoid Circle, unless you can Sense it. Fallen Portal won’t stop Lord Vader with Stick, as I mentioned previously, but Lando with a tracked six can. Leave Insight on the table, and hit his @$$ with a saber.
The reason you will win this matchup often is your retrieval. With their objective flipped, they will begin to slowly do themselves in with their own card. Take advantage of this. Simply survive on the ground, and destroy them in space if they try to drain at Rendili. You can cause significant damage with the Falcon if you track before you drop it. Your SAC is vital in this game, as you have to stop their tricks, like Barrier. Take advantage of your superior activation, and draw for it, at the right time. I am very experienced with SAC, so I know how to bluff with it. This can be a turning point against a SAC BHBM, they will be afraid to fight you until they are confident in their SAC, and they will usually avoid you and draw because they don’t know how much SAC you have. When they do this, take the fight to them while they aren’t fully prepared. Make them waste their SAC on crap like Tunnel Vision and Throw Me Another Charge, then draw yourself to gain a bigger amount of SAC. Then you can stop their crap like Circle and Barrier. This will pull it out for you. I am not going to lie. I admit it takes a lot of skill to beat BHBM with mains, but this actually wins about 2/3’s of the time against BHBM, and it usually comes down to luck and your opponent’s skill.

Vs. Scum (Court, MKOS, Scum 2K) 
I have never encountered any difficulty in laying waste to any variant of this deck. Time your mains against this. Usually, the best time is early game when they don’t have the resources to keep you at bay. Drop what you can at the Audience Chamber early, and wipe them out. If you get None Shall Passed, deploy elsewhere on Tatooine, usually at your docking bay. You have to avoid the Desert Heart against MKOS, so deploy a main at the docking bay, drop a crew to JP, and Sense NSP. Sit at Jabba’s Palace, drain, and wait with Fallen Portal. Lando is money in this match, track and use him to avoid characters like ECC Iggy and 4-LOM. With him adding a destiny and recurring with Ben, you can thin them out quickly. If they somehow manage to set up too quickly, and you are unsure if you can stop them through battling, set up Menace Fades and outdrain them (this is easy due to your retrieval). Against capture Court, SAC their tricks and remove their characters. Easy. Against Scum 2K, don’t be a moron and deploy or move to the DS docking bay. This deck will even beat ISB ORS Scum. I was very proud to hand Brian Guthrie’s ISB Scum only it’s third loss ever since he’s been playing it (since the Special Edition days). There are just too many ways you can beat this. I usually beat Scum by 20-35 cards.

Vs. TIEs, Endor Ops, whatever kind of space deck 
This game is mad easy. Don’t even worry. Super Falcon + tracking + Order To Engage = win. Against TIEs, don’t get stupid with the Falcon and move it up against a Dreadnaught and three TIEs when they have 15 cards in hand. Track, then drop it on their weakest point. Sense the Barrier and All Power To Weapons and eradicate them. Thin them out, then allow Order to decimate them. Then, you retrieve what ever damage they managed to cause you. Remove them from the DS DB and stop them with Battle Plan. Alter Lateral Damage, you know the deal. If TIEs are meta for you, or a good player around you plays them, heed my advice and add the TIE wrecking card I Hope She’s All Right. Easy.

Whew. I suppose that’s it. If you want to know about any other deck matchups, just d-mail me and I’ll let you know. I will address any other concerns you may have, too. D-mail me. And dammit, I don’t wanna hear no crap about the Darwin bless thing, that’s my trademark, live with it.

Track Record'