---
layout: post
author: Bastian "Death Star" Winkelhaus
title: 'The balanced deck V 2.1'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-03-05
description: 'The next update of the Falke deck I started to post.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations (9)

Rendezvous point
Hidden base indicator
Alderaan
Tibrin
Chandrilla
Bespin
Kashyyyk
Tatooine
Desert

Characters (16)
EPP Obi-wan
Ben Kenobi
Master Luke
EPP Luke
EPP Leia x2
EPP Han
Captain Han
ECC Lando
Orrimarko
Taws Khaa
Melas
Bo Shek
Wedge Antilles
Jeroen Webb
Momaw Nadon

Starships (7)
Millenium Falcon
Lando in Falcon
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Tatnive IV
Spiral
Redemption

Interrupts (17)
Sense
Alter
Nabrun Leids
Rebel Barrier x2
Skywalkers
Tunnel Vision x2
A few maneuvers
Dont forget the droids
Shocking information
Keep your eyes open
The signal
Transmission terminated
Glancing blow
On the edge
Its a hit!

Effects (9)
Our most desperate hour
Order to engage
Wise Advice
What are you tryin to push on us? x2
Battle Plan
Bacta Tank
Draw their fire
Beggar

Device (1)
Landing claw

Weapon (1)
X-wing laser cannon







Strategy: 

Its the latest update of the Falke deck. Its still the same concept but enough new cards to present it to you. If you liked the deck before, try out the new cards.

Lets take a look at whats new :

Tunnel Vision x2 : You have to find the right cards because there are not many duplicates. If its in your lost pile, use Tibrin. If youre searching your deck for a system, look whats in your force pile. Many cards you need, draw up. Only one or two cards you really need, tunnel vision. That way you can play the x-wing cannon with only one x-wing. Its just great against all those bounty hunter ships.

X-wing laser cannon : see above

Desert + beggar + draw their fire : The deck needs one site because of battle plan. Of course you only play it if opponent doesnt play any sites and you think you can hold it. The desert is not interior so opponent can play walkers. But people who play walkers normally also play sites so its not that big a deal. Forest got the way cooler game text but it cant deploy to Tatooine. Desert can. That way you can play beggar. Its great with draw their fire.  And if opponent leaves a big force pile you can deploy it and virtually take an extra turn.

On the edge : Youre tracking destinies anyway with that deck, its great with draw their fire out. Retrieve 4 or 5 force, initiate a battle and retrieve the card. Plus its great if opponent deploys big against a single rebel. Announce 6 and loose the rebel. Watch out for sense though.

Ben Kenobi : With Court decks play shifts to Tatooine again. There, Ben is just the man. And with Nabrun he can be used against other decks too.

Nabrun Leids : You shouldnt leave single characters alone, even with barrier its to risky. You either deploy single characters to take out two characters with tracked destinies or you keep a group of characters and do the damage with Order to engage. Now you can move the pile and do major damage even go for the killing blow with draw their fire and beggar.

Skywalkers : Before you had undercover for the vader + tarkin pile. Now you can for the extra destiny big battle. Its a moot point but you need one or the other to deal with opponents bigest pile.



Whats not in :

People suggested to add legendary starfighter. It might cause extra damage but its against the concept of the deck, eliminating opponents space fleet, flipping and retrieving everything with our most desperate hour. This allows some big differential wins but legendary starfighter just kills opponent.

Do or do not : Sure, playing against sense and alter doesnt make it easier. You have do grabble both and cant grabble anything else. But I rather play a sense and an alter myself.




Please dont tell me Ill die to any space fleet, I cant hear it anymore. Just play smart. The bounty hunter ships have low forfeit values so you can take out multiple ships with two destinies.

I dont go into how to play generally because nothing has changed from the first deck design.
