---
layout: post
author: Zach "yodamuppet" Marshall
title: 'WTF?'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-29
description: ! 'Hunt Down utilizing The Dark Path and high destinies.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7)
Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi
Executor Meditation Chamber
Executor Holotheatre
Visage of the Emperor
Epic Duel
Twi'lek Advisor
Imperial Arrest Order

Characters (11)
Darth Vader With Lightsaber x3
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x2
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Dr. Evazan

Starships (6)
Avenger
Boba Fett In Slave I
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Vader's Personal Shuttle
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Interrupts (19)
The Circle Is Now Complete
Vader's Obsession
Focused Attack x2
Put All Sections On Alert x2
Twi'lek Advisor x2
Masterful Move
Torture x2
Imperial Barrier x2
Evader x2
Counter Assault x2
You Are Beaten
It's Worse

Effects (10)
Visage Of The Emperor x2
Presence Of The Force x2
Crush The Rebellion
The Dark Path
Battle Order
Security Precautions
Secret Plans
Reactor Terminal

Locations (6)
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Executor Docking Bay
Kashyyyk
Coruscant
Death Star

Weapons (2)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber

'

Strategy: '

First off, please give constructive criticisms when you review.

I always start Imperial Arrest Order for the ability to get docking bays and speed things up. The general idea is to get Vader and Tarkin to the D*DB and Mara w/stick and Evazan to the Tatooine docking bay. Just peck away at the opponent with little drains and Visage. If the opponent comes to the Death Star, play Put All Sections on an important character, maybe Beat another character, Barrier someone, and commence beatdown. Duel if they bring Obi or Luke. If they bring someone to the Tatooine docking bay, Barrier the biggest threat, duel if Luke comes, and if you have You Are Beaten, take someone out.

VS. HBX
Set up your characters on ground like usual and do your damage. Try to guess the Hidden Base before you go out, and do probe and run missions. Choose your space battles and try to get maximum damage done there. Might be a tough matchup.

VS. HB Mains
Run your normal setup and try to do as much damage as possible on the ground before your opponent decides he's stocked enough force to bring a hit squad. Be prepared for ground battles with your tricks. If they flip, probe with Security Precautions out. Shouldn't be too hard in space with them playing less ships.

VS. Ops
Go down and clear some sites with your guys. Dengar works great here, with the big destinies. Try to prevent them from flipping. Remove Operatives from battle when you can. Do damage via Visage and drains. Don't forget Kashyyyk, too.

VS. Profit
Let them free Han early. Go down where they're weak and split up groups. Beat on the weaklings left behind. Duel Luke or Obi if you get a chance. Try to take over the big drain sites and inflict as much damage as possible. Work in drains at Kashyyyk.

VS. Mains & Toys
Duel Luke and Obi if you get the chance. Beat on lone characters. You can also avoid them and set up as usual. Wait for them to come to you and play your tricks. Might be tough, considering your smaller amount of characters.

I think that about covers the major deck types. If I missed anything, let me know. And again, please give only constructive criticism. '