---
layout: post
author: Alan "Curse" Finch
title: 'Hunt Down and Devestate the Jedi'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-01-08
description: 'A Hunt Down deck that hits very hard and can work against almost every strategy.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting: (6)
Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi (Obj)
Executor: Holotheatre
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Visage of the Emperor
Twi'lek Advisor
Imperial Arrest order

Effects: (2)
Reactor Terminal
Presence of the force

Interrupts: (13)
Masterful Move x3
HoloNet Transmission
Ghhhk
Monnok
Sense x3
Alter x2
You Are Beaten
Twi'lek Advisor

Characters (18)
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x4
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
Admiral Motti
Admiral Ozzel
Captain Needa
Commander Igar
Navy Trooper Fenson

4-Lom With Concussion Rifle
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Jabba The Hutt
Quarren
Zukuss

Weapons (1)
Vader's Lightsaber

Vechicles (2)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Starships (8)
Avenger
Devestator
Dreadnaught
Thunderflare
Vengeance

Boba Fett in Slave 1
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Dengar in Punishing One

Sites (5)
Executor: Docking Bay
Spaceport Docking Bay
Yavin 4: Docking Bay
Tatooine: Docking Bay
Cloud City: East Platform

Systems (5)
Death Star
Coruscant
Kessel
Kashyyyk
Ralltiir 

Strategy: 

To start: Imperial Arrest Order will allow you to pull out docking bays which'll allow you access to about any place you might want to get - plus it'll keep you from getting 'jumped'. First turn you should throw down a character (anybody will do) to the holotheatre. This will allow the hurt of Visage to sink into your opponent.

Basic Play: As soon as you get a masterful move into your hand use it! Get out HoloNet Transmission if your opponent hasn't put a jedi down, or if he has get out ghhhk, or monnok whichever you think'll help. Try to sense and alter everything!

HB or Space Decks: If you are going up against a space deck throw presence out on the meditation chamber and get Vader there. Then proceed to lay some pain on your opponent with your big ships. You also have all the needed systems to make sure your ships won't get stranded at one end of the table.

OPS: You have plenty of ground power to really keep ops from setting up. Plus there are some nice destiny adding characters to really help.

Training Decks: Throw the Quarren and Zuckuss and Jabba into Hound's tooth along with whatever else you can (including an AT-AT) and go visit that dank smelling planet. Then you can start a battle against yoda with at least two characters and you can deploy all the rest of your imperials there too.

Mains & Toys: You can add destinys too and also space drain.

So, this is it - my first Decktech deck. I realize now that it may not be too original but I came up with this by myself before I saw others like this here. Anyway, this deck has faired VERY well for me and hopefully, it will for you too.

-Curse 