---
layout: post
author: ! Tom "Gand" Culpepper
title: ! "BHBM  The Great Destroyer"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-04
description: ! "a revision of previous deck, added some space cover for the critics.."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
Bring Him Before Me/Take Your Father’s Place
Your Destiny
Insigniffigant Rebellion
DSII Throne Room
Prepered Defenses
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
You Cannot Hide Forever

Locations (6)
DSII Docking Bay
Endor Back Door
Endor Landing Platform
Endor Forest Clearing
Endor Dark Forest
Imperial Holotable

Characters (15)
Emperor Palpatine
Lord Vader x3
Commander Igar
General Veers
Admiral Piett
Mara Jade
Boba Fett w/Blaster
Marquand
Arnet
Watts
Colnen Davod Jon
Janus Greejatus x2


Vehicles (8)
Tempest 1 x2
Blizzard 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6

Starships(4)
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Dengar in Punishing One
Executor
Bossk in Hound&&s Tooth

Weapons (3)
Vader’s Saber x2
Mara Jade’s Saber

Effects (8)
Reactor Terminal
Visage of the Emperor x5
Well Earned Command
Overseeing It Personally

Interupts (8)
Imperial Command x2
Rise My Friend x2
Masterfull Move x4

'

Strategy: '

notes on revievs

  You Cannot Hide Forever is intended to pull Well Earned Command.

  I added 2 Image of The Dark Lord to compliment Visage at the table

  I believe andy is thinking of here we go again(ls endor) or the DS version is not SE, I checked all the SE interupts

changes from kill his friends explained at bottom

The goal is simple, control the ground for a solid drain base and get Vader to a battle ground early to start them losing force for Luke.

If they give you Luke and it looks like they will stay off-planet, you have enough power in the deck to combat them at thier locations.  Track 7’s and attack with the Emperor’s power to get 2-3 quick cards stacked on Insignifigant Rebellion.  Continue tracking 7’s to score an instant victory by turning Luke.

Adm Piett and Gen. Veers are the targets of Imperial Command.  Commander Igar is the target of Piett’s text.  Well Earned Command(on Igar) is the target of You Cannot Hide Forever.

On your first turn you should be able to do the following
Deploy a docking bay
Deploy the Emperor to the bay
pull and deploy the holotable via Masterfull Move(if they give you 1 force)

That is 9 force for your second turn on your own.  Enough to deploy anything in the deck.

The revolving cards are 6 and 7 destiny and can be stacked easily with Reactor Terminal and Janus.  Mix them in with a couple low destiny cards like spare lightsabers.  With all the reacting power of the scouts combined with the extra destiny from Emperor’s Power, 3 battles should be an easy task.

If they refuse to come to you, move the emperor to the ground and let him oversee the drain war.

The holotable is a great weapon.  10 times out of 10 you win battles there. Easiest way to make the pile on Insigniffigant rebellion grow.  If they refuse to battle you there it is a constant drain of 2 while Igar roams the earth.

  Executor, works well with Piett, pulled by Mobilization points.

  Dengar...  Hurts to lose all imunity to attrition don’t it.

  Boba in S1, strongest of the BH ships in my opinion...  switched Boba w/blaster to Iggy w/blaster for this one

  Bossk in the Bus, in to stop Mind train to 6 decks.  Good ship, enough said.

  Gall, Launch Point for Bossk in the Bus

I have not tested this deck agianst all deck types, but it is part of a faily good wave of wins.  I think this one will work even better than the previous one.  I appreciate your comments and reviews.

Gand.

  thanks for the revievs and comments,	a modified version of this will be up before long. '