---
layout: post
author: Michael "Joz" Josem
title: 'Pacific Blue 4'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-05
description: 'Use ISB to kill your opponent quickly.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

dark 000306 isb pac blue3.deck - Thu Apr 06 13:10:25 2000


Unknown Type:
       Coruscant
       Spaceport Docking Bay
     4 Tatooine
       Tatooine: Cantina
       Tatooine: Desert
       Tatooine: Docking Bay 94
       Tatooine: Great Pit Of Carkoon
       Tatooine: Jabba's Palace
       Tatooine: Jawa Camp
       Tatooine: Jawa Canyon
       Tatooine: Jundland Wastes
       Tatooine: Krayt Dragon Pass
       Tatooine: Lars' Moisture Farm
       Tatooine: Mos Eisley
       Tatooine: Tusken Canyon

Characters (20)
       Admiral Ozzel
       Chall Bekan
       Chyler
       Colonel Wullf Yularen
       Corporal Derdram
       Corporal Oberk
       Corporal Vandolay
       Lieutenant Renz
       Lt. Pol Treidum
       Navy Trooper Vesden
       Officer Evax
     7 Outer Rim Scout
       Sergeant Tarl
       Sergeant Torent

Starships (7)
       Boba Fett in Slave I
       Bossk In Hounds Tooth
     2 Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
       Executor
       Vader's Personal Shuttle
       Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts (6)
     5 Overload
       Twi'lek Advisor

Effects (8)
       A Bright Center To The Universe
       Imperial Arrest Order
     4 Sunsdown
     2 Tatooine Occupation

Unknown Type:
       ISB Operations/Empire's Sinister Agents


Strategy: 

<b> NOTE! Change one ORS for 5D6RA7, and Vader's Shuttle for Boba in Ship!</b>
Use Tatooine and Sunsdown for real quick force drains.	Track 0s to kill off EPPs w/ Overload.	Start IAO and fetch the two docking bays quick (obviously Tat first, and the spaceport next to it)

vs Ops.  You win.  Their drains are -1 'cause of either 5d6 or another ISB on their planet.

vs mains.  You win.  They are too slow, your drains are too fast, they can only apply one beating (at most) 'cause of IAO, and any they do get off will be almost killed by Overload.	Order To Engage is not a problem 'cause you can send your guys on suicide battles, killing an EPP, and retrieving yours at the end of the turn.

vs Hidden Base.  You win.  Play the spaceport docking bay next to Kessel or Coruscant or Kiffex (one of their big drains) to limit that, and use use your ships to probe, but more importantly to run away, keeping battle plan satisfied.

vs Y4.	You win.  You goto their sites and flip 1st or second turn ('cause you get to control 2 rebel base sites).  You can't be force choked, cause you have so many locs, and your stuff is real cheap

vs Jedi Test 1.  You win through Tatooine Occupation and early big drains...Jedi Test 1 won't normally be completed to 3rd turn at the earliest, which means you should get off at least 1 (possibly two) big drains of 10 or more.  Draining for 1 at 5 sites plus 5 more for Tat Occupation is not something to be sneezed at.

vs Profit.  Get Chall Bekan and an ORS out, using Chall to fetch another ORS, move outside and drain at T:JP, flipping first or second turn.  They won't be able to drain 'cause theirs are -1, and they can't beat you down 'cause Han and another main had to get to the AC to free Han.

The ships were chosen so they could stay alive, and not worry about attrition.	I might consider changing the ships to capitals (Jabba's Cruiser and Bossk), thereby avoiding X-Wing Laser Cannons and allowing you to throw more peopl ein the back seat as forfeit fodder (Yularen and Evax etc. are forfeit=7)

Anyway, this deck will go, as a minimum, at least 2-1 in a tournament, and normally 3-0, depending upon your competition.

Have a good one,
Mike J --- joz@swccg.com 