---
layout: post
author: ! Henry "Cab Driver" Krinkle
title: ! 'Those Abyssins are My kinda scum'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-23
description: ! 'Abyssins runnin wild, and doin stuff.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting Junk(8)
My kind of Scum
Jabbas Palace
Desert Heart
Well guarded
Prepared Deffences
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
Power of The Hutt

Locations(9)
Coruscant docking bay
Executor docking bay
Death Star 2 docking bay
Tatooine docking bay
tatooine cantina
tatooine judland wastes
tatooine tusken canyon
tatooine lars farm
jabbas palace audience chamber

Characters(27)
Myo x3
Abyssins x18
Jabba the Hutt
Boelo
Ephant Mon
Bib Fortuna
4-lom with gun


Effects(9)
Den of Thieves
Hutt Influence
Scum and Villainy x2
Secret Plans
First Strike
ability ability ability
search and destroy
Destroyed Homestead

Interupts(8)
Imperial Barrier x3
Abyssin Ornament x2
Twi lek adviser x3





'

Strategy: '

***review responces***

ok 18 abyssins may be to much, but i think its fun. In a future version ill probably cut down to like 12 or so, but oh well.

In case youve been under a rock, well gaurded is grimtaash protection. You probably should know that, but read one of the reviews of this deck, i find it funny.

also, HB isnt used a lot around me so i dont need to worry about it to much. And i have decent drains, along with S&D and ability ability ability, i can do a good amount of damage and i think ill manage to win it out in the end.




Ok, i think this deck seems solid. Obviously I havent tested it yet, but if all goes well it will work like a monster.

The bassic principle of this deck is to generate HUGE amounts of force and whoop some a$$ with it.

OK. first off, lets discuss how to deal damage
1.Battles, this is the big one. Its what this deck is bassed about so use it well.
2. Force Drains, you get a total of 10 if ya have anything out, you probably wont get out everything so lets say ya get 6. You drain em, and activate force via Big Daddy Fatty(Jabba).
3. Search and Destroy. This card deals some damage and makes em have to go to tatooine or lose some.
4. Ability Ability Ability. You will probably have more characters on table, so if they dont want to deploy anything they get to lose stuff.

Thats pretty much the whole deck in its simplest form. But, there is more.

Activation You activate huge, you get the bonus from having docking bays, and from jabba.(even drain at them bays to activate more, its a drain of 0 but if ya have the 3 1-0 bays out you get an extra 3 force.) You also have a decent begining activation, second turn you should have roughly 10 force.(as long as ya pull out a d-bay, drop an abyssin there, and then pull out the chamber)

RetreivalTheres a lot, ya get a good amount with scum, and with first strike, and ya can always abyssin ornament for a possible 18....

How to play it Its rather simple. You pull out docking bays and drop abyssins there for more force. Get myo to the chamber with backup asap. Now your set, if they go to a battleground spot you drop abyssins and beat em up. Regenerate em all with the force ya have and take minimal losses. If they stay in space, spread and drain on ground, with that and s&d you should be ok, and you get to cancel two drains a turn.

Thats about it, heres one of them why am i using it lists...

Barriers They are mainly for master luke, if he comes out in the chamber he can bounce myo and ya may be in trouble. But if ya barrier him, you can then drop 4-lom with gun and some more folk on the next turn to destroy him.

Destroyed Homestead Well, if yer opponent though dropping jedi luke with a saber at some site was ok, you can make him feal stupid. He cant get a destiny and he has to lose force during your control phase. Then drop abyssins and beat on em.

NO IMPERIALS?? thats right, make your opponent regret using eloms. I think many will and this just makes em suck.

what to do against proffit Id start with Jabba, and Myo. Then pull out ephant mon and drop some abyssins. If ya have a barrier in hand save a force so ya can keep a huge beatdown from coming. Then just rough up whoever comes out.

Well, i think thats about all. The rest should be self explanitory. Any comments are welcome, and i am aware that this deck could suck, but i dont know if it does or doesnt yet. So please dont just say it sucks. Also, if ya dont like the deck let me know what you think might make it better. That way this deck could work when JPSD comes out.	   '