---
author: Ivan "ZippyDaJedi" Kanner
title: 'T16 Assault'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-24
description: 'The under-used but mighty T16 finally gets it's due!'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 


Locations (8)
Desert *start*
Farm *start*
Spaceport City
Spaceport Docking Bay
Spaceport Street
Tatooine: Beggar's Canyon *start*
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94
Tatooine: Jabba's Palace

Characters (16)
2X-3KPR (Tooex)  x3
ASP-707 (Ayesspee)
Ben Kenobi
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
InCom Engineer	x4
Jeroen Webb
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Luke Skywalker
Orrimaarko
Wyron Serper

Vehicles (14)
Incom T-16 Skyhopper  x13
Luke's T-16 Skyhopper

Starships (2)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Gold Squadron Y-wing

Interrupts (11)
Careful Planning *start*
Covert Landing	x2
Fallen Portal
Houjix	x2
Rapid Fire
Rebel Barrier
Slight Weapons Malfunction
Surprise Assault
Yoda Stew

Effects (6)
Beggar
Civil Disorder
Do, Or Do Not
Maneuvering Flaps
Sandwhirl
Yarna d'al' Gargan

Weapons (2)
Power Harpoon  x2

Devices (1)
Landing Claw


Strategy: 

Start with the 3 sites stated. T16s deploy free to Beggars Canyan, so dump them all from your hand (if you can) first turn. Deploy other characters to sites as needed. Invade Ralltiir with T16s to prevent RO from flipping. Remember, they can 'react' as well.
Use Covert Landing to add a destiny in a battle. Rapid Fire to deploy the Power Harpoon and then Slight Weapons Malfunction to add another destiny. The T16s are forfeit 4 and can't be hit by Sabers, Concussion Rifles, Blaster Rifles, Mortor Guns, Riot Guns, Stun Rifles, etc.
With Maneuvering Flaps, even though they can't move, they will be power & forfeit +2.
The Incom Engineers add 2 to your destiny and make the T16s immune to attrition < 3. Combine that with the 2X droid (even in the daylight!) and now they are immune to attrition < 5. How do you ask? 2X is a security droid you say? Let's take a close look at the LORE for the droid. 'Simple maintenance and diagnostics droid.' There's your keyword: maintenance. That qualifies him for the combo.
Other than that, just your standard stuff. Have fun!

**UPDATE - 4/25/00 - For you nay-sayers out there that say the maintenance part in the lore of the 2X droid doesn't work, I ask you... is Obi-Wan Kenobi a General? Yes he is. Same principle. Be sure to read page 35 of the Glossary under CHARACTERISTICS.	 