---
layout: post
author: ! M "ISBOPS" C
title: ! "MWYHL my way"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-19
description: ! 'Become a Jedi (insert Honor of Jedi Music)'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (8)
Dagobah
Dagobah Bog Clearing
Dagobah Training Area
Dagobah Jungle
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Cloud City Lower Corridor
Kiffex

Characters (13)
Nien Numb
General Calrissian
Yoda
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Obi With Stick x2
Luke With Lightsaber
Han With Heavy x2
Daughter of SKywalker
Colonel Cracken
Elom x2

Starships (4)
Millenium Falcon
Home One
Liberty
Red Leader in Red 1

Effects (17)
Traffic Control
Squadron Assignments
Ounee Ta
Uncontrollable Fury
Disarmed
Frozen Assets
Tauntaun Bones
Bacta Tank
Lightsaber Proficiency
What’re you tryin... x2
Yoda’s Hope
Projection of a Skywalker
I’m With You Too
The Way Of Things
Wise Advice
Battle Plan

Interrupts (8)
It Could Be Worse x2
Transmission Terminated
Noooooooooooo
The Signal x4
Heading For the Medical Frigate

Jedi Tests (6)
Great Warrior
A Jedi’s Strength
Domain Of Evil
Size Matters Not
It Is The Future You See
You Must Confront Vader

Devices (3)
Luke’s Backpack
Electrobinoculars
Bionic Hand

Objective (1)
Mind What You Have Learned/SYIC







'

Strategy: '

To Jedi Taboo  You’re a big help
To Aljex Yes, this deck might be rough to play
TO Chops You go girl.	To Mars I agree with you on both the extra Luke and getting rid of the Falcon.  But without it I feel that I lack space.  Any suggestions would be appreciated

 Starting Stuff  I usually start with Battle Plan, Wise Advice, and The Way of Things.  In the rare event that my opponent is playing ROPS, start Ounee Ta instead of Battle Plan and beatdown down on them with the deploy -3.  However, most ROPS players are scared by Ounee Ta, so this deck is very rare.  So, I start Battle Plan so they have to pay for their drains early in the game.  Wise Advice provides some SAC protection and training destinies are plus 1.  The Way of Things allows me to complete 2 Jedi Tests in one turn.

  On your first turn, get a site with the text from Dagobah, usually Yoda’s Hut, but if you already have it, get Training Area.  You will activate 3 force, so put Yoder at the Hut with Yoder’s Hope, both from Reserve deck.

 Turn 2  Take Training area if you don’t have it already from Reserve Deck, and then take Test 1, if you have it, take Test 2.  You should be activating 6 force of your own, so slap down DOS and Luke’s Backpack from Reserve Deck at Yoda’s Hut.	Complete Test 1 easily next turn, ’cuz it says beginning of control phase, and you’ve already deployed.

  During your opponents turn and your turn, you can take one Jedi test each time, and do so. Each time you complete a test, deploy another one.  After you complete Test 5, flip the obj and retrieve ten force.  Then pick up for three force DOS and re-deploy her.

    Now, time for Card by Card

Dagobah Yoda’s Hut   2 force for you, 3 if Yoda there, 4 if DOS there.	Also, if Yoda is there, subtracts 2 from attrition against you @ one site.

Training Area	Use it to take my Tests

Dagobah Bog Clearing	You need to complete a test here.

Dagobah Jungle  Need to complete a test here.

     All Dagobah sites add one to training
destinies.

Cloud City Lower Corridor  Stick Ben or Luke here to get a drain of three, if you need it

Kiffex  If you need, put a semi-superfalcon and drain here for 2 force.

Dagobah, start with it, it gets Yoda’s real estate

See above for why I have the starting cards I have

Bionic Hand  destiny 7, cancels Disarmed, which is really annoying

Electrobinoculars  I’m thinking about taking this out, but I’ve just built this deck so I’ll see how it goes.  You can look at the top card of Reserve deck, and move it to force pile if need be.

Luke’s Bacpack  Add’s one to training

Great Warrior (T1) Cancels all drain bonuses

A Jedi’s Strength (T2) After completed, oppenent must have ability of 6 or greater to draw destiny.  And, DOS is power +1

Domain Of Evil (T3) You can, when completed, subtract one from each of oppenents destiny draws.

Size Matters Not (T4) The lucky lady is immune to attrition less than 3, and you can use 2 force to take any card from Reserve Deck

It is The Future You See (T5) After you complete, DOS is immune to attrition less than four, and you reveil the top 2 cards of your reserve deck, annd, if you want, can take one of those cards and use that as your battle destiny whenever.  This is really good if you’ve tracked Bionic Hand or I’m With You Too.

You Must Confront Vader (T6) Have a duel with Vader, win, and become a Jedi (enter Honor of the Jedi music---end Honor of the Jedi music)

The Signal Destiny five, take any effect for three force

NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO	Destiny 5, and since I don’t have an LSJK and am playing EPP Luke, I will hopefully have this in my hand when Luke might be crossed

Transmission Terminated Dest. 5, and, cancel a hologram.  Visage, I’m looking in your direction

It Could Be Worse  If you have to lose force for some reason, you can instead you a certain number of force to reduce the loss by that much

I’m With You Too  Destiny 7, that’s why

Projection of a Skywalker  D5, canel’s a drain at a site

Yoda’s Hope Get at the beginning, add’s one to training

Frozen Assets	D5, Very good if you know they have a big beatdown planned.

Tauntaun Bones  This card is awesome, unless their deck is all destiny 1’s.  read the card for yourself since it does so much

Bacta Tank If you lose a character for any reason, can place the guy here, and bring him to hand according to the card’s cost

What’re You Tryin’To Push On Us  grabs an interrupt just played, and each time oppenent deploys an interrupt of the same name, they must use 1 force.  Also, I do not have to pay for Push on Us, because Wise Advice told me that all immediate effects deploy for free for you.

Lightsaber Proficiency Put in on Oldy or Luke, that character is power +3 and adds one to a drain.

Traffic Control This card is cool for tracking, you can put a card in your hand on top of your used pile

Squa. Assignments D5 Good for makin’ a falcon

Ounee Ta  See top

Uncontrollable Fury Good against HD, cuz’ Vader and Tarkin are together a lot. Vader can’t add one to destiny and Tarkin can’t cancel.  Each turn where Vader didn’t participate in a battle, they lose 2 force.

Disarmed D5 Put it on Vader or Mara for best efficiency, power minus 1, loses weapon, and can’t use another

Falcon Need I explain?

Home One  power 9, immune les than 8.	good, good

Liberty  power 7, put in support of Home One

Red Leader in Red 1 Power 5, abs of 2, and draws a destiny if not able to otherwise.

GenCal  Power 4, 3 ability, good for air and land

Nien Numb Put with Cal on Falcon

Yoda  Teaches DOS the ways of the Force

Leia W/ Blaster Rifle	After you train DOS, you can use this persona instead, it keeps all of the additives, and has a weapon.

Oldy With Stick  Saber, Jedi, Old guy.  Dangerous Combo

Luke W/ Stick	Shaggy Hair, Jedi, complainer  Annoying Combo

Han W/ Heavy  Okay, enough of the annoying phrses, power 4, ab 3, and a weapon

DOS drop card, haha, jk, Train her.

Colonel Cracken  Spy, if they deploy Mara or another spy, they lose one force.

Elom  Power 4 when with an Impy.

    A lot of people think destinies of 5 arent that good, but I do.  With your sticks, you can easily hit Vader or Mara.  But, I hopefully will track one of the two 7’s.  Also, I know I need to put in R2inR5, but I dont have it.  Also, I wanted to put 2 On the Edges in, but when I ordered them from a site they were out, so, no edges for me.

Time for matchups, I’m sorry if I’m not too much of a help here, but I’ve only been to 1 constructed tourney, and I wasn’t even playing this deck.


BHBM  Give Luke to ’em early and make them lose force early. The reason this deck is so good is because of the amount of characters that are played in this deck. BHBM would be a lot easier for me to beat if I had LSJK, but I don’t, and life goes on.

HD I love this deck, but I hate playing it.  Visage is the most annoying card, along with Monnok against EBO. Try to get Transmission Terminated into hand.  And, get a Jedi to a battleground site, maybe CC, so they lose to Visage to.  Also, if they arent playing Power of the Hut with Ephant Mon, get Cracken and play him at Holly theater, I think it is.

Endor Ops  Shouldn’t be too hard, except you’ll have to spread in space. Go to Endor and beatdown.

MKOS Remember to make them pay for drains early.  When you feel the time is nigh, go to Tatooine and kill, kill.

 Sorry, but those are the objective decks that I have played against, since I just built this. All help is thanked in advance, by me

















'