---
layout: post
author: ! Mark "yodarth" Kloida
title: ! "Draino Rallops v2 0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-17
description: ! 'Rallops deck with drain potential, and enough resources to deal good damage.  Revised based on reviews on the original version.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting Stuff (6)
Ralltiir Operations/In The Hands Of The Empire
Ralltiir
Prepared Defenses
Opressive Enforcement
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order

Locations (8)
Executor Docking Bay
Wakelmui
Death Star II Docking Bay
Coruscant
Spaceport City
Forest
Jungle
Swamp

Characters (16)
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Grand Moff Tarkin
AT-ST Pilot x3
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
Emperor Palpatine
Godhert
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Admiral Ozzel
Colonel Jendon
Imperial Commander
Lieutenant Arnet

Creatures (1)
Bubo

Starships (7)
Executor
Dengar In Punishing One
Bossh In Hound's Tooth
Thunderflare
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Boba Fett In Slave I
Devestator

Vehicles (7)
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6

Weapons (2)
Vader's Stick (Premiere)
Mara's Stick

Effects (8)
Bad Feeling Have I
There'll Be Hell To Pay
Overseeing It Personally
Expand The Empire
Imperial Decree
Lateral Damage
Security Preautions
Broken Concentration

Interrupts (4)
Monnok
Alter x2
Trample'

Strategy: '

Responses to reviews on the previous version

-Hutt Smooch has been omitted for a Bubo.  A Trample also adds extra Unvercover protection.

-Decree works against Rebel Strike Team, since it's ignoring the modifiers, not cancelling or mofiying their drain.  The -1 drain doesn't.  Against RST a third turn flip, if they aren't blowing the Bunker is possible, if they are they will need to take a couple turns more or they'll be weak.  A Tarkin/Vader combo will hold them off for a couple of turns for sure.  If they send in CoK, General Solo, and Madine that would usually mean some place is weak for Mara and her saber to go in, especially if the objective is flipped.  Gohert is really good, and has been added for Landing Claw protection.  Menace Fades would hurt the draining bonuses, QMC and Rebel Strike Team would kill against it.  Lateral Damage hurts superfalcons, or anything else, most QMC and RST decks are vunerable to my BHs in starships if I can get the right combos out, such as Dengar In Punishing One, who, with the objective flipped and more ability can make my battle destiny skyrocket.  I'm more likely against Profit, RST, and QMC that use Menace Fades to pull my starships rather than deal with all the ground. If they're at 1 system just occupying and running them down takes away Menace Fades.

-Sim Aloo and Janus Greejatus aren't essential in Rallops.  The Emperor and Overseeing It Personally are needed, though these two aren't all that necessary.

-The IAO/Mobilization Points configuration has improved this deck greatly, and during playtesting, has made is much more effective.

-The old Rallops won games without any Force drain bonuses, and as 4 draining plus beatdown and Decree available I should be fine.  If I can get the bonuses to work its deadly.  The Imperial Commander with Expand The Empire if the Commander is on Ralltiir at all and Expand is on the Spaceport City that's a +3 draining, 1 card isn't that bad of a deal.  Because I don't go with battleground systems, We're In Attack Position Now would sit, plus Honor Of The Jedi kills the bonus anyway.

-Trample was added.  My drains and making their drains -1, plus Decree abiailable is plenty enough to stop TIGIH's drains.  If I do need to come over, hopefully not by Luke, I have plenty to manage.  The Death Star has went bye-bye in favor of IAO/Mobilixation Points config.  Godhert is the Landing Claw tech.  Broken Concentration for MWYHL.

Well, pretty standard Rallops here, some slight changes for higher drains. Your activation potential is nice, especially early with IAO/Mobilization Points, drain potential of 13, quite high for Rallops. Start Mobilization Points, and get Wakelmui for extra activation, Opressive Enforcement, and Arrest Order. When the objective flips you have everything you need for Decree. If you're playing Hidden Base Security Precautions should be an easy pull. Use the standard AT-STs and pilots to control 3 Ralltiir sites and flip. Then set up your drains. Use the 2 during your control phase which will let you fetch Imperial Commander, if you haven't already deployed him from the deck before you flipped, Expand The Empire, Palpy, and Overseeing It Personally. Drop Overseeing It Personally on Palpy and Expand the Spaceport City, so while your Imp Commander is on Ralltiir your drains are +1 there and both adjacent sites, +3 total for an Imp Commander is a fair deal. Since Expand and Overseeing It Personally are both not immune to Alter you could be hurting there, but remember Opressive Enforcement will bring them to the used pile, and the objective will pull them right back. If they're going really heavy SA you may want to drop Hell To Pay for that. If they're in space with Lateral Damage and some of the best ships you should be able to take care of them. Against heavy drain decks you probably want to control Ralltiir and either Coruscant or the Death Star to set up Decree. Vader/Tarkin/Mara will most likely be used in beatdown. Here's how I play vs. many popular light decks...

ROP killers/Eloms/TIGIH
This is tough, but remember for their main beatdowns that they'll pay extra, the lack of Spaceport Docking Bay will protect you, and I like not having it in for that reason. Flip quick, and use your Vader/Tark/Mara on Ralltiir to protect from Eloms and pilots on the AT-STs and as forfeit fodder. If they go with a Superfalcon ZiMH and DiP1 might be able to take it, or substitute for other bounty hunters in their ships. If they play TIGIH, because you have no Docking Bay for them to get to, Jedi Luke will be stranded and uncaptured, if he Nabruns over they still gotta win 3-4 battles...

Hidden Base
Pull Seucurity Precautions. Flip the objective and go for it then Bad Feeling Have I if you suspect main beatdowns. Otherwise go for your ships. Lateral Damage is a real killer, it'll work well against Home One or the Falcon. With their drains -1 and Coruscant converted Decree shouldn't be hard to set up, and that would leave them dead in their tracks.  If they flip before you do you need to spread out for a flip so you can quickly pull your Security Precuations and start probing.

Profit
Establish your drains quick. Against Superfalcons you have ships avilable. They most likely won't Nabrun over because of IAO, if they do get ready to 'react'. Send in Vader/Tarkin/Mara at Han's site and get rid of him. That'll stall them for a turn or 2, which should be enough for you to get some nice drains. If they re-deploy Han quickly then send your guys at him again.

Rebel Strike Team
Flip quickly. You should be able to flip before they manage a Bunker blow. If they're going for control of 3 sites instead start pulling ships to take Endor. Putting Vader/Tarkin or at least Vader or Mara with their saber will hurt them at the Bunker, therefore slowing them up at least a turn or two, or if they bring too much in the Bunker they will be weak outside. If they do manage to flip quickly pull set up Imperial Decree, which does cancel bonuses.  Use your space to kill Menace Fades, while beating on the ground.

MWYHL
Pull Broken Concentration as soon as you can.  If they're in space start pulling starships.  When they're not slipped Lateral Damage won't be cancelled, so putting it on the Superfalcon is sweet.	They'll most likely be relying on modifiers no matter where they are, so establishing Imperial Decree is useful.
Thanks for reading.'