---
author: Koen "Mr. Pink" Meijssen
title: 'Your lucky day in hell'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-17
description: 'Use this deck, based on a song from the amazing band Eels, to bring your rebel friends to a trip to hell!'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting: (7)

HDADTJ
Epic duel
Executor: meditation chamber
Executor: holotheatre
Visage of the Emperor
T'wilek advisor
Imperial arrest order *

Locations: (3)

Death star docking bay
Yavin 4 docking bay
Executor docking bay

Characters: (13)

Darth vader + lightsaber x4
Dark Lord of the Sith
Mara Jade x2
4-lom +gun
IG-88 +gun
Brangus Glee
Dr. Evazan x2

Starships: (4)

Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Dreadnaught
Zuckuss in Misthunter
Boba Fett in Slave I

Weapons: (1)

Mara Jade's lightsaber

Effects: (12)

Crush the Rebellion
There be hell to pay
Security precautions
First strike
Blast door controls
Battle order
Visage of the Emperor x3
Disarmed x2
Reactor terminal

Interrupts: (20)

The circle is now complete x2
Vaders Obsession x2
T'wilek advisor x3
Evader x2
Put all sections on alert x2
It's worse
You are beaten x3
Masterful move x1
I have you now
Torture x3 

Strategy: 

Strategy:

Start with IAO, unless you are expecting a nudj deck with a lot of revo's. Then use Crush.
Against ops you start battle order!

Oops I forgot to type down search and destroy, lose one t'wilek (in our region numbers are very common) otherwise drop a torture!

The deck is very cool to play and works like a charm vs. most decks that are hot at the moment!
The basic idea is to set a trap for him, let them come to you and finish them off with battle cards like you are beaten, put all sections and stuff like that!


I will update the strategy section real soon, but I have to go to work.

Just back from work and a meeting, here we go:

With the insane high destinies in this deck you should not be afraid of taking on characters. Put Vader at the death star docking bay and set your destinies up and look for your battle and duel cards. Protect the holotheatre with a character if you think an (undercover) spy is going to cancel visage.

I will write some strategy about how to defeat non-interactive decks first, then I will do the same for interactive decks.

Non-interactive decks:

Set up search and destroy using the 2 docking bays, if you think your opponent isn't playing mains at all you can bring Vader to the meditation chamber! This works especially nice against all those hidden base decks, substract 2 from each destiny draw and Vader can add his destiny to draw battle destiny! (Sweet with bossk in bus)
Search and destroy combined with Visage damage, is usually enough to kill the deck. If they cancel visage with transmission terminated get a new one with either t'wilek advisor or by analysing your reserve deck with crush or IAO to look for visage in force pile!
Be careful with your ships as you need them to probe!

Training decks will also have difficulty with search and destroy and visage, use it's worse if they play it could be worse (even if they cancel it's worse they will be more careful with their next it could be worse)

Interactive decks:

It is risky I know but is a lot of fun to set up for your duel. Just be patient and wait for either great tracked destinies or using cards like disarmed and put all sections on alert to gain the edge in duels!


