---
layout: post
author: ! joe "brangus" horbey
title: ! "Horbey s Speed Profit"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-21
description: ! "This deck can cause alot of early damage while still being able to adapt later on in the game."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start(8)
You Can Either Profit By This/Or Be Destroyed
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Han With Heavy Blaster
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Insurrection
Wise Advice
Your Insight Serves You Well

Locations(8)
Home 1 Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Tatooine Cantina x2
Tatooine Mos Eisley x2

Characters(15)
Ben Kenobi x4
Master Luke x4
EPP Leia x2
EPP Han x2
ECC Lando
ECC Chewie
Tawws Khaa
Wedge Antilles

Weapons(4)
Luke's Lightsaber
Obi's Lightsaber

Starships(1)
Home 1

Interrupts(20)
Dodge x3
Narrow Escape
Lost In The Woods x2
Tunnel Vision x3
Sense x4
Control x3
Gift Of The Mentor x3
Nabrun Leids

Effects(4)
Bacta Tank
Order To Engage
What Are You Trying To Push On Us? x2



'

Strategy: '

This deck counters pretty much everything out there right now. It can drain and cause damage really fast, while still being able to protect han later in the game. The ideal start is Ben+Luke+Gift...and it is not hard to do with this deck as you have several tunnel visions to grab what you need.

Specs

VS. RALops

The fast drain is too much for a ralltirr deck to handle. By the time they flip ralltirr, (turn 3-4), you will have caused major damage through drains and the objective. From there, simply get the shuffle going with your mains and drain with sabers and at the cantina. Your maximuim damage with Ralltirr flipped is 7, 11 if not. I usually just leave ralltirr alone unless they try to get the decree working, in which case you stop them with Home 1+Wedge+Bacta Tank. They will most likely have a battle ground system to set it up...and that's where you deploy. Not many Ralltirr decks pack Death Star or Coruscant for decree. If they do manage to get decree going on you, bunch your guys together on tatooine, and nabrun them as a horde to ralltirr with OTE out. You should win this matchup.

VS. TIE's

Follow the same strategy as Ralltirr, except don't deploy to space because it's suicide. Your early damage should provide the jump you need in the drain race. This will be tough, but you should win this matchup.

VS. BHBM

I usually don't deploy Master Luke until my opponent has commited his vader to a planet...in which case I give him Luke and avoid battles. I really don't think this deck is strong vs. profit so you should win this easily. Nail vader/emperor with Lost In The Woods. Not much strategy explanation needed.

VS. Hunt Down

Protect your Han at all costs this game. You have plenty of protection via dodge, narrow escape, bacta tank, and ben kenobi. Try to nail Vader with a Lost In The Woods and you should seal it.

I think this is probably the most stable light side right now. Not alot can beat it besides a very focused ground deck with alot of characters and a lot of blue. '