---
author: Brad "Uncle Chall" Vogel
title: 'Corulag Ops hangin' with Speeder Bikes'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-20
description: 'A typical Corulag Operatives deck utilizing Speeder Bikers along with the ability to get around Battle Plan.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Objective(1)
Imperial Occupation/Imperial Control

Locations(10)
Corulag
All 8 <> sites
Kashyyyk

Characters(17)
7 Corulag Operatives
7 Biker Scout Troopers
EPP Vader
Dr. Evazan
Ree-Yees

Starships(6)
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Dengar in Punishing One
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
2 Dreadnaughts

Vehicles(7)
5 Speeder Bikes
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6

Weapons(2)
2 Speeder Bike Cannon

Interrupts(12)
2 Imperial Barrier
2 Abyssin Ornament
2 High Speed Tactics
Ghhhk
Always Thinking with your Stomach
Oo-ta Goo-ta, Solo?
Surface Defense
Shocking Revelation
Twi'lek Advisor

Effects(5)
There is No Try
Resistance
Secret Plans
Den of Thieves
Well Guarded



Strategy: 

The idea behind the deck is simple.  Get control of enough Corulag sites to flip, and maintain control of at least 1 system to get around Battle Plan.  It can stand up to most LS decks as of now, and those drains do add up quickly.

Locations - All 8 sites are used since the bikes provide the mobility to get around, and you need all the force generation you can get.  Kashyyyk is included as an alternate place to drain and satisfy Battle Order as well.

Characters - 7 each of Biker Scouts and Ops to get them quickly enough in order to flip by the 4th turn at the most.  EPP Vader can provide a quick suicide beatdown, Dr. Evazan is awesome with the Cannons, and Ree-Yees is just plain cool with all the 3 destiny cards in this deck.

Starships - The best ships available to the DS as of now.  They can control at least 1 system if not more.  DiPO is for the Super Falcon.

Vehicles - 5 Bikes since they can be pulled with the non-unique Biker Scout Troopers.  Tempest Scout 5 is great as the power bonus from piloted Speeder Bikes can add up quickly.  Tempest Scout 6 is great as a surprsie threat and is versatile as well.  Note that both Tempest Scouts have permanent pilots as well.

Weapons - The cannons rock, as they add 2 power for 1 force, and are +1 to hit which is cool.  They also rock with Dr. Evazan as well.

Interrupts - Barriers are always useful.  Ornament can get out Operatives and retrieve later in the game.  High Speed Tactics is good for some easy destiny adding capabilities, and Ghhhk is good in case things go wrong.  ATWYS is great vs. Mains that come to Corulag and works well vs. other decks.  Oo-ta is great as a surprise vs. Nabrun Leids since I don't pack Imperial Arrest Order.  Surface Defense is a good start, Shocking Revelation can be pulled with Secret Plans and lets you search through your deck and see what's in your force pile.  The advisor can be used to start or pull an important effect later in the game.

Effects - TiNT, Secret Plans, and Resistance with SD are the normal starting stuff which provides good defense against SAC, #'s, and Manipulation.  Well Guarded can be started with Advisor if you suspect Grimtash, but otherwise try and get it out quickly to avoid dealing with Grimtash.  Den of Thieves can be used with spare operatives to cancel drains.

I realize that it's not the best deck and will be wrecked by anti-react stuff like Romas and Beezer, but it's more of a fun deck that can compete as well.  Thanks for taking a look,

Brad	 