---
author: Ryan "Cradossk" Mathison
title: 'HB Squadrons Ver 2.0'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-06
description: 'A very quick, very strong HB deck. Very adaptable, and can play with the best!'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 



Starting (7)
Hidden Base Obj
Rez point
Yavin 4 (HB)
H for the MF
Do or do not
Insurrection
Wise advice

Locations (7)
SP docking bay
Coruscant
Kessel
Endor
Hoth
Yavin4
Kiffex

Starships (15)
X-wings x6
Red squad X-wings x2
X-wing Squadrons x3
RL in R1
Lando in Falcon
Spiral
Home 1

Effects (8)
OTE
Kessel Run
Haven
What’re you trying...
Bacta Tank
Docking & Repair Facility
Ounee Ta
Rebel Fleet

Characters (9)
Jedi Luke
Obi w/saber x2
Arcona
Boushh
Boshek
Wedge
Han w/gun
Dutch

Interrupts (14)
Organized attack x4
Hyper escape x3
Rebel barrier x2
All wings report in x2
The signal x2
Houjix 

Strategy: 

This deck is real quick, depending on what your opponent’s locations are, pull either hoth or Endor first (usually endor, move right away and get a drain going) If they are playing ground heavy - flip ASAP and start draining and blocking their drains with the spy the arcona (be wary) and the Obj. If they are playing space (ties-scyfa) go ahead and let them grab your All wings or Organized attacks - BUT DONT LET THEM GRAB YOUR HYPER ESCAPE, this coupled with OTE will eat your opponent up. - The beauty of this deck is the squadrons - you can recycle your X-wings, by replacing them with the squadron. You can then forfeit the squadron to the docking and repair facility (if needs be)- and then replace some x-wings next turn!! - Throw Haven on Hoth or Yavin4 and deploy your X-wings for free!!! - Now your are probably wondering why I would start insurrection? This throws the opponent off, they think a HB mains deck - but the real reason is it increases your forfeit on the cheap scrub pilots, and also a place to go once S&D hits the table. - - Late game you can retrieve with All wings or kessel run - (using Han, Boshek or wedge)

I dont really like giving, a match up for each deck archetype - cause every Meta-game is soooooo different.
But to please all the critics, I will try and give some brief scenarios.



BHBM: Give Luke right away - You will be able to win in space and be able to cancel their drains, and you will be out draining like MAD!! - If search&Destroy hits the table, go on some suicide strikes with Ben and Han - or build up a force at the SP docking bay.

Hunt Down: - Out drain - cancel drains - pretty easy match up - I used to have 2 trans terminated in this deck. But Huntdown isnt all that popular in my area right now.

Ralops:  Non-existent  - Nobody plays this anymore. But if they do - grab Yavin4 right away and put Havin on it - deploy your X-wings for free and move them over to Raltir - Prevent your opponent from flipping - in the meantime spread out and start to drain - deploy your mains directly to Raltir for dirt cheap (Ounee Ta) - and let OTE work them over.

TIES:  Grab their All power to weapons - the will grab your organized attack - Hyper escape and OTE will win this game for you - it has for me, on many occasions. Try and make surgical strikes against their dreadnoughts - and flipping your obj, is up to you - depending on the way the game is going - you can decide.

MKOS / Court: This will be the most difficult match up - MKOS prevents you from canceling their force drains so you will have to use the Arcona and boushh - and just try and outdrain and make some surgical strikes, with your big guns.
	Court: Same thing, only difference is this time you can block drains, but you will be losing to S&D 	and the OBj - and dont bother with boushh - hutt smooch will take her out. So drain right away	and smash them if they come to space!

So thats it - play with this deck, let me know how you like it - its very quick, and like I said its adaptable. So rate on the adaptability  -----------D-mail me if you have any questions
