---
layout: post
author: ! Jodo "Jodo Kast17" Kast
title: ! "Deal to Drain"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-25
description: ! "One of the greatest dark side drain decks available.  Combines great power, high drains and a little manipulation on the side."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective This Deal is Getting Worse All the Time

Locations (7)
Bespin
Cloud City
Casino
Incinerator
Port Town District
Upper Walkway
West Gallery

Characters (19)
4-LOM w Gun
Amanaman
Aqualish
Bane Malar
Boba Fett CC
Commander Igar
Dengar w Gun
DS-61-2
DS-61-4
Ephant Mon
GM Tarkin
IG-88 w Gun
Jodo Kast
Mara Jade
Miiyoom Onith x2
Mosep
U-3PO
Vader w Stick

Starships/Vehicles (13)
Avenger
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Walker x2
Bossk in Bus
Chimaera
Combat Cloud Car x3
Dengar in Punishing One
Executor
Tempest 1
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts (8)
Alter
Elis Helrot
Evader
Ghhhk
Hutt Smooch
Imperial Barrier
Monnok
Twi’lek Advisor

Effects (11)
Abyss
All Wrapped Up
Battle Order
Crush The Rebellion
Dark Deal
First Strike
Reactor Terminal
Resistance
Search and Destroy
Secret Plans
Security Precautions

Weapons (1)
Mara’s Stick
'

Strategy: '

	This deck is in my opinion one of the best draining decks available for the dark side.	It is not too difficult to flip, and only requires a few sites to totally defeat the opponent.
	I star with Upper Walkway and Twi&#8217;lek.  Upper walkway is nice, because it gives me free movement at exterior sites, plus 2 force icons.  The reason for only one Twi&#8217;lek in the deck is this I start with secret plans and all wrapped up with my objective.  I can already pull dark deal with my objective in the next few turns, so that is another effect that I don&#8217;t need to pull.  I react to what my opponent is doing for my starting effect.  I&#8217;ll explain exactly what effect I pull later.
	The walkers in this deck are my main protection on the planet.	They provide great power and good immunity to attrition, as well as being a power that will dissuade many players.  Even if I get hit with mechanical failure it is unique, so it can only take out one of my four walkers.  The others will still be able to hold my sites without difficulty.  The BH give me added protection on the city.  They can capture a character that is lost, as well as having good power.  It is always great to scan chewie with bane and give him power seven.	Aqualish has the obvious use of slowing any attempt to cancel dark deal.  Igar and my DS pilots work with walkers, although the DS can be used in space.  Amanaman is great in the case of an EPP beat down.  Even if he gets killed, if he takes out one of the mains he has done his job.  Many decks pack 2+ of each main, by knocking Luke, Leia or Obi out of play it can seriously hamper my opponent&#8217;s abilities.  Vader and Tarkin are for my own beat downs.  If necessary they can defend the city, but for the most part I send them out to target my opponent&#8217;s strongholds.  Mosep is great to set in the middle of the city, preferably on a walker.	He makes all drains come directly from reserve deck, a killer in tight situations.
	The Miiyooms are a great manipulator in this deck.  I pull them quickly and start scanning my opponent&#8217;s hand whenever possible.  By killing the males I can almost completely destroy my opponent&#8217;s ability to fight.  Monnok works with miiyoom, keeping the hand down to size.
	Ephant and Hutt Smooch are my anti-spy capabilities.  An undercover spy is the only thing that can hurt this deck considerably.  With these two back ups it shouldn&#8217;t be a problem.  U-3PO does his own damage on my opponent&#8217;s drains, preferably blocking the largest one.
	The reason for the small number of sites in this deck is simple.  I can pull three at the beginning of the game.  The other four sites should come up as I draw for characters.  When searching with my objective I can check to see if the site I need is in the force pile, if it is, I pull until I get it.	Reactor Terminal can recirculate any extra force.
My starting effect varies greatly depending on the deck I&#8217;m going against.
Against Dantooine Base I start with crush the rebellion in case of revolution, as well as stopping any beat downs.  I set up and drain as quickly as possible and whoever drains the most, first, wins.  My starships are enough to slow some of my opponent&#8217;s space.
Against Hidden Base  The obvious.  I start with SecPrec and wait until the objective is flipped to put any space down except at Bespin.  After it is flipped it use my starships to find the base and kill the objective.  My drains should be set up by this time and I will kill with drains.
Against Uprising I start with Resistance to keep the drains down to 2.  Get out Battle Order quickly to make my opponent pay for drains.  Keep the walkers on Bespin.	I try to have a drain race with my opponent.  With my objective flipped by drains are not modified to &#8211;1.  If necessary I can send BH to the system and try to slow down the drains.
Against MBO Start with resistance in case the Death Star gets blown away.  Try to get one site on Yavin under BH control.  Drain as quickly as possible on Bespin.
Against QMC Start with Crush the Rebellion to keep the battle destinies down.	Sit back, slaughter my opponent and enjoy the drains as s/he can do nothing.
Against Strike Team Start with battle order again to make my opponent pay for any drains they get.  Drain away.
Against Rescue the Princess  Use Crush the Rebellion as safety for battle destinies.  A tough one to go against.  Make sure all my sites are down so I have force enough to pay for drains.  Get my objective flipped before my opponent&#8217;s and drain as much as possible.  Use Miiyoom to keep down the numbers of available warriors.
Against Profit The situation here is difficult.  Start with chasm, as most decks are going to pack multiples of mains.  This will hurt in battles.  Probably put Mara and Dengar or Amanaman(he could place a main out of play in the action) in the AC.  Keep my opponent off for as long as possible.  Secret plans will probably stop them from retrieving when the flip.  Just try to get draining before your opponent and hope he runs out of force before you do.
Against EBO Start with Battle Order to make them pay for drains.  Try to get out Search and Destroy as quickly as possible, it&#8217;s a great card against this deck.  It will kill your opponent unless he has some ground power, which most EBO decks lack.
Against Force Choke Start Crush and pull evader.  It will be seeing a lot of use.  Use evader whenever a revo comes down, and drain away, shouldn&#8217;t be too tough to handle.
Against Most Anything Else Drain as quickly as possible.  The strength of this deck is its drains, those should be enough to beat most decks.
'