---
layout: post
author: Paul "The Emperor" Strangio
title: 'Nothing But The Best'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-27
description: ! 'BHBM...the funnest darn deck out there (Uses new JPSD card No Escape to OWN the light side).'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting . . .

BHBM Objective
Death Star II Throne Room
Insignificant Rebellion
Your Destiny
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
No Escape

Objectives (1)

Bring Him Before Me/Take Your Father’s Place

Characters - Imperial (19)

Emperor Palpatine x2
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Lord Vader x2
Darth Vader, DLOTS x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Commander Igar
General Veers
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral Piett
Admiral Chiraneau
Captain Godherdt
Colonel Davod Jon
Dr. Evazen
Mara Jade, TEH x2

Effects (7)

Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
No Escape
Insignificant Rebellion
Your Destiny
Emperor’s Power
Battle Order

Interrupts (16)

Prepared Defenses
Alter x3
Sense x3
Twi’lek Advisor x2
Monnok
Imperial Command x2
The Circle Is Now Complete
Masterful Move x2
Trample

Locations (6)

Cloud City East Platform (Docking Bay)
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Death Star II Throne Room
Death Star II Docking Bay
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Rendili

Vehicles (2)

Tempest 1
Blizzard 2

Starships (7)

Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Dengar in Punishing 1
Executor
Chimaera
Dominator

Weapons (2)

Vader’s Lightsaber
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber '

Strategy: '


First of all....if u haven’t played BHBM, u need to.  It’s a solid deck and is just darn fun to play, especially with all the battling.  If u don’t think this deck is fun to play...u got problems, heh.

Anyways....to the strategy.  We will start with Mobilization Points, Imperial Arrest Order and No Escape.  No Escape just hurts, plain and simple.  (It kinda bites that Decipher thinks it has to make cards like this so that people MUST purchase their cards to be competitive on the tournament scene....But, oh well, that’s a business for ya.)  By starting these three effects, you will be FAR outnumbering your opponent with force activation allowing you to deploy HUGE beatdowns to win you battles.

Turn 1  Activate a minimum of 3 force from your DS2 Throne Room and yourself.	Go straight to your deploy phase and deploy the DS2 Docking Bay with Imperial Arrest Order.  Now use the text of the BHBM objective to grab ole’ Palpy from the reserve and deploy him to the DS2 Docking Bay (for only 3 force...minus 2 from BHBM).  When you are looking for your Docking Bay/Emperor Palpatine, grab Emperor’s Power and deploy it to the Throne Room, using the throne room’s text.  Depending on how much force your opponent gives you first turn and if you have Sim Aloo/Janus Greejatus in your starting hand...deploy them with Palpy.  Otherwise, draw up and recirculate.

(During opponent’s turn, either grab Rendili if you know for SURE that your opponent is playing solid ground and no space (to satisfy Battle Order)....or grab the Executor if you know he will have lots of space.  Pull either of these using Mobilization Points.  You may also wait for later in the game when you get the feel of your opponent’s decks)

Turn 2  With the Emperor at the DS2 Docking Bay, you will activate 2 for the throne room, 4 at the Docking Bay...and 1 for yourself (4 at the Docking Bay because of controlling a docking bay and activating +2 force there with Mobilization Points and Palpy giving you 1 Dark Side force icon just by being on the table). 7 force BARE minimum first turn.  During your deploy phase, deploy another docking bay from your reserve deck.	You can either choose to deploy some scrubs down on that docking bay to get the activation or choose to wait.  (i.e. scrubs being Colonel Davod Jon at the Endor Landing Platform) ...or even Mara Jade with her stick there for a quick drain.  On turn two, they won’t be activating enough force to hurt you.

By turn three you will be activating MONSTER force and you should have some major beats in your hand.  Use the twi’leks (recycable 5’s later on) to get out Battle Order when you have nailed down BOTH a battleground System AND Site.  Initiating battles for free and forcing your opponent to spend 3 force to force drain you...will hurt them badly.

With your POWER GUZZLING Space AND Ground...you won’t have to worry about losing battles.  Especially with Emperor’s Power to add battle destinies anywhere, anytime.  Also, Imperial Command to get your Admiral’s and/or General out or add Battle Destinies/Prevent Opponent from drawing more than one.

Heavy SAC controls the flow of the game.  Your opponent want to deploy Bacta Tank.....Alter.  Your opponent want to play almost ANY interrupt...Sense it.  It will hurt their strategies 10-fold.

Use the Masterful Moves for easily tracked 6’s.  Use the Trample to get rid of pesky undercover spies blocking drains where you have your walkers.

Captain Godherdt will cancel opponent trying to use Landing Claw.  Admiral Chiraneau will increase you force drains in space.  Admiral Ozzel and Piett are both bad-ass admirals who will work with Imperial Command...nuff said.

Circle Obi if he gets brave.  Capture Luke immediately when with Vader.  If opponent is stupid enough to put a scrub there to back up Luke...he’ll get slammed with Vader, et al.

Matchups

VS.  Hidden Base  Don’t go to space until they flip.  When they do flip, bring da ruckus (Going to space only when they flip because you only lose 1 force a system to their drains.  No biggie).  After they flip, probe them and start draining.  They can’t win if you play smart.

VS.  Rebel Strike Team  Control the Endor System with your space fleet (then they can’t stay flipped even IF they do control 3 sites...because the objective will just flip back and forth)  When they spread, lay the beatdown with your mighty powers and extra battle destinies.  Easy to win battles against the Rebels.  Therefore, easy win.

VS.  EBO  Start your Walkers with Veers and Igar as soon as possible, moving across the plains and raising hell to all of their scrubs thinking they can sit on Hoth and drain, heh.  They want to drain you in space?  Please, I don’t think so.  The Executor will take care of that.	Get out Battle Order as soon as possible....they will eventually be drained out as it is very hard to battle under the Hoth shield.

VS.  Profit  Capture Luke with Vader and lay the smack down to Obi with Vader and whoever else wants to party )  Easy to battle against a profit deck.  So just do it

Cards I Wish I Had Room For

You Are Beaten
Reactor Terminal (65th Card)
Security Precautions (63rd Card)
Search and Destroy (64th Card)
Boba Fett EPP
Dengar with Blaster Carbine
Come Here You Big Coward
Empire’s New Order
AT-AT Cannon
Force Lightning x2
Vader’s Lightsaber
Secret Plans
First Strike
Broken Concentration
Oppresive Enforcement
The Circle Is Now Complete (another)
There’ll Be Hell To Pay (61st Card)
Lateral Damage (62nd Card)
Imperial Decree (66th Card)
Monnok (another)
Control
Young Fool
Dark Jedi Presence x2
Imperial Barrier x2
Rise, My Friend x2

Other than that...just battle and be happy )  Win those battles by 1...force your opponent to stack a card on Insignificant Rebellion.  (For Jedi Luke you need 4 stacked cards minimum to turn Luke...for any other Luke, just 3 will do.)

If you play BHBM the way it was meant to be played, you’ll win.  It’s not only a very strong deck, it’s FUN as all heck to play.  Thanks for reading my long and seemingly boring strategy section, hehe.  Hope you learned something, heh.  Take care

-Paul ”The Emperor”

P.S.--I took out the Spaceport Docking Bay in favor of the Tatooine docking bay because of the new JPSD light sight card.  I find that in playing, the planets that I USUALLY want to get to, the spaceport docking bay won’t even deploy there.	Also, once the new JPSD comes out, we will be rumbling on Tatooine a lot more )  Thanks    '