---
layout: post
author: ! Roland "I_Vader" Sakowski
title: ! 'The Forests Of Endor Are Deadly'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-24
description: ! '3 and 0 in a recent tourney, including a win against a Profit dck that got 2nd in the recent Provincials (played by a 1900+ player).'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(3)
Endor Forest Clearing
Endor Dark Forest
Combat Readiness

Locations(4)
2x Endor Back Door
Coruscant
Dagobah Cave

Characters(10)
4x Biker Scout Troopers
Vader With Lightsaber
Dengar w/ Gun
4-LOM w/ Canceller
Corporal Drelosyn
Sergeant Irol
Sergeant Barich

Vehicles(4)
4x Speeder Bike

Weapons(4)
4x Disruptor Pistol

Starships(3)
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Interrupts(25)
5x High-Speed Tactics
5x Blast Points
3x Freeze
3x Trooper Sabacc
2x Counter Assault
2x Torture
2x Twi'lek Advisor
You Over Estimate Their Chances
It's Worse

Effects(7)
2x Presence Of The Force
Reactor Terminal
Security Precautions
Search And Destroy
Imperial Arrest Order
Expand The Empire
Bad Feeling Have I '

Strategy: '

The amount of characters in this deck is just right. I always have enough on the table to draw destiny, and with all the tricks this deck is viscious against anyone who thinks a main beatdown will actually hurt me )

Several times when playing this deck i have faced EPP Han + EPP Leia+ other EPPs with a lone biker scout with no reacts and destroyed them (most the time not even having to lose the scout). Heres how to do it.

----How to fight----
only deploy wen you can have a biker, a bike and a weapon. Keep all main stuff in hand until needed. Your opponent will be wary of you when you deploy you lone guys (as well he should be). Finally he will decide that the reward is worth the risk, and deploy an EPP hit squad. You can react all over Endor, but if unable to you don't need it. Play Freeze which will make your battle damage only able to be at most 4, and it 'clashes' out a character. Then just fire the disruptor at liea or han (with about a 90% chance to hit later on in the game ) there goes his multiple destinies... then play blast points + highspeed tactics (you now have 2 destinies, 3 if you can react, 4 if you have dresolyn + irol) your power will probably less than 15 but with 4 destinies in a high destiny deck you total will be 25-35 ). Kill anything left with a beatdown next turn by whatever you have in your hand.

----How to play----
Drain baby drain... 12 in 3 sites, 6 if test 1 done usually does it. Wait for him to come after you then beat the crap outa his characters.

----Answers----
Why the Sabaccs? - Direct Damage baby. Track perfect sabacc turn after turn until he finally uses a tag on it which is one less tag for the more important interrupts.

Why tags don't hurt? - I have 5 different usefull interupts. Any combination of 2 or 3 of them is as all i need. Besides i rarely play any one of the interupts more than 3 times a game so i can just pay the force and let him use all the ags he wants.

No more characters? - I DO NOT NEED THEM. You won't believe how many people have said about the various versions of theis deck that i don't have enough characters. I can't emphisise (spelling?) enough that i make them go through characters at a lot faster rate than i go through mine. Everyone seems to think that i never will get enough characters but they don't stop to think that i only need 3 at any time. The rest i don't even deploy so why have 20 characters so i fall prey to grimtaash? I HAVE MORE THAN ENOUGH CHARACTERS

SAC? - All i have to say is that i have 32 red cards in this deck... I have never run into heavy sac in my area and if i did i wouldn't be that scared. He will need 5 senses (or is it alters?) a battle to do anything against the sheer number of interrupts i play in battles.

I hope this gives you a good insight into how powerful this deck can be. It has beat great players time and time again, and has a strange way of destroying any mains deck it faces. HB is no problem, Profit is a hard fought battle but you should win, and most other strategies are useless against a deck like this.

Give me a good rating.
Diplomat your gay... (look at all my other decks for the reason)

Later Everyone,
-Roland


------------------------------------------------------------
OH SHIT- I know whats coming so have fun with all the 1 stars )

Damn friggin decktech making it look like i posted twice when i didn't '