---
layout: post
author: Kevin "KevOfCrofton" Elia
title: 'Darth Vader Is Better Than Everyone'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-06-14
description: ! 'Use Vader to control a good drain site, and heavy space and good card advantage to shut out the Light Side.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations(6)
Death Star
Coruscant
Kashyyyk
Endor
Dagobah Cave
Tatooine Cantina (Starting)

Characters(12)
3x Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
2x Darth Vader
3x Grand Moff Tarkin
Mara Jade
Admiral Ozzel
U-3PO

Starships(12)
3x Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
Devastator
Avenger
Vader's Personal Shuttle
Obsidian 7
2x Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Dengar In Punishing One
Bossk In Hound's Tooth

Weapons(5)
3x Vader's Lightsaber
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Dark Jedi Lightsaber

Interrupts(19)
2x Sniper
2x Hutt Smooch
2x Twi'lek Advisor
2x You Are Beaten
2x Monnok
2x The Circle Is Now Complete
Force Field
Shocking Revelation
2x Vader's Eye
Ommni Box
Boring Conversation Anyway
I Have You Now

Effects(6)
2x Presence Of The Force
Imperial Decree
Battle Order
Secret Plans
Oppressive Enforcement

'

Strategy: '

I got the title idea from a Limp Bizkit shirt. I hope everybody likes Limp Bizkit.

Start with Cantina, and I like to start with Presence of the Force on there. It gives you a great speed advantage, because with one of the Vaders or the Mara you should have a drain of 3+ by your third turn, which is hard to deal with so early. Throw Tarkin down there, and with all your interrupts, you shouln't have a hard time controlling the site. In space, you have a whole lot of guys that should be able to hold a system or 2 fairly safely. I left out the Executor because 15 is way to high to pay for one card. The dueling is there as a backup, and you can play Monnok to see if there holding Courage Of A Skywalker. Since no destiny is drawn for Circle, Vader and Lightsaber win against anyone but Ben Kenobi. One weakness is numbers, but I chose to leave defense out because no people near me play LS numbers. You can take out one of the Circles for a Resistance or Torture without hurting the deck. Speeders shouldn't be much of a problem, because your site is interior and you can still set up Imperial Decree with your systems.'