---
layout: post
author: ! Josh "Sachmo" Rohrig
title: ! "Quiet Gambling Colony"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-05-03
description: ! "Makes use of Quiet Mining Colony to get all of your site out quickly, for activation  and getting rid of zero destinies.  Then uses Sabacc to retrieve and cause a little direct damage to your opponent."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective 1
Quiet Mining Colony/ Independent Operation

Locations 5
Bespin
Bespin Cloud City
Cloud City Casino
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City North Corridor

Characters 20
Lando Calrissian x3
Captain Han Solo x2
Luke with Lightsaber x2
Obi-Wan Kenobi x2
Leia with Blaster Rifle x2
Tawss Khaa
Melas
BoShek
Chewbacca
Momaw Nadon
Pucumir Thryss x2
Sergeant Edian
Figrin D'an

Weapons/Devices 2
Obi's Lightsaber
Landing Claw

Interrupts 20
Cloud City Sabac x5
The Signal x4 (starting)
Rebel Barrier x3
Path of Least Resistance x2
Clash of Sabers
Courage of a Skywalker
Glancing Blow
Gift of the Mentor
Out of Commision
Put That Down

Starships 4
Millenium Falcon x2
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Red Leader in Red 1

Effects 8
Insurrection (starting)
Bacta Tank
Mantellian Savrip
Do, or Do Not
Wise Advice
Draw Their Fire
Traffic Control
What're You Tryin' To Push on Us? '

Strategy: '

With the objective I will always deploy Bespin	and the Casino.  That will give me at least 5 force on my first turn.  Even though there are only 5 locations, I am able to pull them all out using my objective.  So force activation isn't a big problem- all the locations except for the Carbonite Chamber give me two icons.

3 Landos are a must because I rely mainly on him to use Sabacc.  I use Captain Han + Leia to help control the Bespin System to keep my objective from flipping back.  I use EPP Luke because with Savrip out I don't need an immunity.  Obi is just an all around great character.  The three abliity 4 aliens are great, and are even better with the flip side of the objective.  I use Momaw Nadon instead of Jereon Webb again because he is an alien  and  will benefit from the flip sid eof the objective.  Pucumir is obvious because of his drain bonus to all CC locations- which can't be modified or canceled as long as I have  an alien at the site.  Edian is free when Lando is  on the table, and is power 4 which is nice.	Figrin also helps for retrievel and can be used for sabacc if for some reason I cannot find a Lando.

Obi's saber is great to add for drain, and to swing.  Landing Claw can help keep the opponent from controlling Bespin.

Cloud City Sabacc helps retrieve, and possibly stealing something nice- especially those new bounty hunter ships.  4  The  Signal's  may  seem high, but I have lots of effects that are very important to get out early, and they are a great destiny- especially for sabacc.  Rebel Barrier is great to stop a quick beatdown  squad.  Path of Least Resistance is a good destiny, and can help me set up good battles during my turn, by moving someone important where I need them.  Gift of the Mentor is a good destiny adder, but can also be used to fecth my Obi's Saber.  Clash is good because you can pick and choose who you want to battle.  Courage and Glancing Blow are mainly anti-Hunt Down, but can have	other uses too.  Out of Commission is great to throw out unwanted cards the opponent just lost in sabacc.  Put	That Down is mainly to save Lando, but can really be used on anybody.

The Falcon is obvious, because I use the super Falcon to control Bespin.  The leaders are good for Cloud City.

Insurrection is a great card for this deck.  Especially against Court or RalOps because they  have to directly deploy to Cloud City or Elis during the move phase to the Casino, since it is the only exterior location.  Bacta Tank and Savrip are a great combonation together.  Do, Or Do Not and Wise Advice also work great- especially to protect the Tank and Savrip.  Draw Their Fire is useful to  retrieve/deal direct damage/ possibly limit the interrupts they can play.  Traffic Control is to recycle/then track good destinies for sabacc.  WTTPOU can grab any little interrupt they might play. '