---
author: Bastian "Death Star" Winkelhaus
title: 'Training next to the second Death Star'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-07-09
description: 'Training gets a big boost with Death Star 2, this deck should get to fifth test in no time and once the big destiny is set, opponent is going down.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective (1)
Mind what you have learned/Save you it can

Locations (6)
Dagobah
Dagobah:Yodas hut
Dabogah:Swamp
Dagobah:Jungle
Dagobah:Training area
Dagobah:Bog clearing

Characters (20)
Yoda
Daughter of Skywalker
Luke, Jedi Master
EPP Luke x2
Obi-wan
EPP Obi x2
EPP Han
ECC Chewbacca
Taws Khaa
Melas
Orrimarko
Bo Shek
Jeroen Webb
Wedge Antilles
Cal Fal Cndros
Biggs Darkligher
Corporal Beezer
Colonel Cracken

Starships (7)
Lando in Millenium Falcon
Tantive IV
Spiral
Home One
Artoo in Red 5
Red 6
Red Leader in Red 1

Weapons (1)
X-wing laser cannon

Interrupts (8)
Heading for the medical frigate
On the edge
Alter x2
The signal
Grintaash
Shocking information x2

Effects (12)
Wise Advice
Battle Plan
The way of things
Yodas hope
Bacta Tank
Draw their fire
What are you tryin to push on us? x2
Insurrection
Honor of the jedi
Trafic control
Goo nee tay!

Jedi Tests (5)
Test number 1 to 5

Strategy: 

This deck uses only 5 cards from the new expansion but the impact is big.
Starting interrupt is Heading for the medical frigate to get Wise Advice, Battle Plan and The way of things.
Wise Advice adds 1 to training destiny, lets you play your grabblers for free and if opponent manages to Sense/Alter something despite the +4 its not lost.
Battle Plan slows opponent down and saves you 1 force for every battle you initiate.
The way of things prevents Set for Stun on the apprentice which was the most versatile way to stop jedi training. Plus it saves you 2 turns most times until you complete test 5.

For those who havent played a test deck before heres the order in which you do things :
Sites :
1. Yodas hut (do test 1 here)
2. Training area to the left
3. Jungle to the right (for test 2 or 3)
4./5. Bog clearing and swamp, you need one of it for test 4, deploy swamp directly to the left of the hut and bog clearing to the far right. That way opponent cant move any walkers he got to Dagobah with Bossk in Bus.
Deploy Yodas hope asap.
Test 5 should be pulled of at the same site as Yoda so he protects Leia from creatures while shes standing upside down.
Yoda should stay at the hut all the time, unless opponent comes to Dagobah.
If you can, deploy Daughter first. Yoda only costs 2 more force if you have to deploy him from hand, Daughter wont be targeted by the objective meaning you wont retrieve 10 force!

Why Daughter and not Luke? Theyre both ability 5 meaning theyre equally capable of being trained unless you want to use Lukes lightsaber. Luke is better in fighting the opponent, against Hunt Down, Leia cant initiate battle most of the time.
Plus its an anticipation thing against the DS2 objective, more on that later.

Setting up a good destiny is key, Artoo in Red 5 would be best, Red 6 or Jedi Luke are also cool. Use trafic control to set it up easily. Use Signal or 4th test to get Trafic control.

The deck activates 11 force for itself and gives away only 3 icons. The setup on Dagobah is cheap, from then on you can attack the opponent.
Be aware though, that the average destiny is not to good if youre fighting something with attrition.

As soon as you completed test 5, well, kick some ass! Play On the edge before a battle and retrieve it with Draw their fire for big retrieval.

Matchups :

Against RalOps : Try to get to his planet first and prevent the flip. If they manage to fight you off Ralltiir and secure their position, stay away from the ground and fight on the battleground system theyre going to play, Kashyyyk most of the time. If they have to pay for the drain, they wont do.
They shouldnt mess to much with your training. Once you completed test 5, flip him back for the win.

Against the DS2 objective : I dont know if this will see play very often and I havent played against it yet, so its an anticipation thing. If they get Vader to a battleground asap, get Jedi Luke out of the deck and give it to him. That way hes loosing 1 force every turn. If he goes to the throne room, he now has to hold 3 battleground without Vader or Honor of the jedi will cap the damage at 1 if Vader wins the duel. If Luke wins, nothing will happen unless dark won at least 3 or rather 4 battles(thats why I choose Jedi Luke, he subtracts 3).
Once you comlete test 2, dark will need 6 ability or the additional destiny from the emperor wont happen, allways remember that! But battles should be generally avoided until test 5 is finished.
Over the next few weeks, well see how good this new objective is.

Against manipulator : 2 grabblers, 2 shocks, Goo nee tay and a signal to get it. Should be enough, remembering the fact that sense and alter are hard to pull of if the deck contains only few destiny 0 and 1.

Against numbers : Theres no real numbers defense in here! Dark numbers arent that impressive in my eyes, their total is mostly only 9. If youre afraid of it, replace one shocking info with Your insight serves you well. But with this card out, which also cancels Scanning crew making it quite good, I doubt people will still play numbers. Manipulator can be played without scanning crew, but numbers should be dead.

Against hunt down : Change Battle plan as a starting effect into Insurrection. Then invade the Executor sites, theres two spies in here. If Vader comes down, hes trapped. Youre also having Honor of a jedi to ignore the damage. Fear the epic duels until you complete test 5.

Against Set youre course for Alderaan : This objective can be used to set up various things. For Manipulator, check above. For beatdown, theres nothing you have to deploy which can be beat down. Play patiently.


Looking forward to all coments!







