---
author: Brian "vader106" Hollingworth
title: 'More Insanely Stupid Badgers'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-30
description: 'This is a deck I made.'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

Objective(How many do you think I have?)
ISB Operations

Locations (6)
Coruscant: Imperial Square -Tech against Blount
Yavin 4: Docking Bay
Hoth: Echo Docking Bay
Endor: Landing Platform
Spaceport Docking Bay
Rendili

Characters (23)
Lord Vader x3
Mara Jade x2
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Chall Bekan
Outer Rom Scout x5
Admiral Ozzel
Officer Evax
Lieutenant Renz
Commander Merrejk
Captain Jonus
Sergeant Tarl
Corporal Vandolay
Lt. POl Treidum
Colonel Wulf Yularen
5D6-RA-7

Blue (9)
Executor
Chimaera
Fett in Ship
Bossk in Bus
Zuckuss in Ship
Tempest 1
Blizzard 1
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Walker

Red (19)
Imperial Arrest Order
Mob. Points
Imperial Decree
First Strike
Something Special Planned For Them
Undercover
Reactor Terminal
Never Yanal x2
Ghhhk
Stunning Leader x3
Alter x2
Sense
Dark Jedi Presence
The Circle is Now Complete
Prepared Defenses

Green (2)
Vader’s Stick
Mara’s Stick


Strategy: 

Respnse to Reviews:
To The Tick: You are stupid, Stunning leader only works for interior sites, but that is fine because my docking bays are interior. It doesn’t matter if they are also exterior, it only matters that they are interior.

To Wow: I might not always get a destroyer, but I will wait for a while until I have a few ships, and like I said this deck cycles fast, so I can find them easily. Also, in case you didn’t read the swarm strategy section, I can alter their S-Foils and Sense the organized attack.  Sure, I might lose a few force to do or do not, but when I draw 1 or 2 tracked 6’s, they will lose at least 2 x-wings, and more in battle damage. Then they will have to pay 3 for the x-wings left. You make it sound like they will put their entire deck at one system when you say ”beat down the swarm.” I don’t need to beat down the swarm, I just need to beat down one site.

Well, you almost always start Imperial Square, Imperial Arrest Order and Mob. Points, and Imperial Decree. Basically just deploy agents quickly, flip and set up drains.  This deck is incredibly fast, and with 16 agents, you should be able to flip second turn.  Then just spread out and drain like crazy. When they come to you, drop Vader or Mara and kill them. Now, why some cards are in here:

Imperial Square: It is impossible to kill blount while he is in his ship, so I don’t use the system.  The site has two ways to kill him.	First, and most prefferable, put 5D6-RA-7 at the site AFTER they deploy blount. Play Never Yanal to kill him, and now all the people they put to defend blount are stuck there. Note: Destiny in this deck isn’t that great, so you will need to track to get more than a two. Second, you can put a couple of guys there and battle him.  This on;y works if they didn’t defend Blount, and it causes you to be stuck on Coruscant.  This way does work, just be careful.

Stunning Leader: A lot of decks now play with ability 2 pilots, like Tycho, Cracken, Hobbie, ect.  They ussally only have a few of these characters, so when they put one down, drop walkers and as many agenst as you can, then
battle, play this, and kick there ass.

Little SAC: 2 Alters and 1 Sense might not seem like much, but you draw a lot of cards and put down a lot of cards, so they cycle very fast. Also, in my area (Kashyyyk), most people play with more effects to be altered than interupts to be sensed, hence more alters

Dark Jedi Presence: Look at all those Imperials.  Now imagine them double power, and it will be so.

Circle: I hate Ben Kenobi reviving people, so I Cirlce him before a battle, then beatdown on whoever is left. Simple but effective.

Spaceport DB: Play at Rendili or their system.	Watch out, because stunning leader doesn’t work here, because it is only exterior.

Now for some Matchups.

vs. EBO: Very easy, just invade two Hoth sites to satisfy Decree, then spread out at you other sites.  There is no real reason to cancel EBO, because decree will do it for you.  DO NOT GO TO SPACE.  You will be slaughtered in space. Just lose the ships to drains. Your drains will be way higher and faster than theirs.

vs. HB Swarm: Start  something special planned. Something special planned paces out of play all wings when they retreive, which slows down them getting x-wings out. Plus they will have to pay 3 force to move each x-wing away from your star destroyer. Do not go to spave until they flip, and then make sure you have Ghhhk in your hand.	Probe fast or you will lose the  drain race.  Cancel incom whenever it is played and drain there too. If you can, wait until you have a sense and an alter in your hand before going to space. Then when you battle, alter S-Foils and Sense organized attack. They will need 7 x-wings to draw destiny with zuckuss there, and they should never have that because you shouldn’t be attacking a site with 7 x-wings.

vs. HB Squass: Easier than swarm. Start either effect, it doesn’t really matter which too much. Wait until they flip, Then drop as many ships as you can and battle them where they are weakest.	If they have no weak spots, hold ghhhk in your hand and start probing. If HB is populor in your area, then add security precations.

vs. Profit: Start Mara and Chall Bekan, and use Chall to get an ORS at the start of the game. The chamber as long as possible (ussually all game), and set up at a few more sites.  They really can’t do anything, as it is very easy to hold the chamber.  Most Profit decks don’t run heavy space, so just put enough to draw destiny at Rendili.

vs. MWYHL flip: Set up really fast, and spread to every site available. Try to get a few drains in before test one comes out. Watch out for Super Falcon in space, as three destiny 7 draws hurts. Hold Ghhhk for the big beatdown that is coming, and if they put Kessel down, then invade dagobah and put an agent at every site.  This will give you insane drains, and if they pick up Leia without test 6, they will totally die from your drains.

vs. Choke: You have 18 spys, so you can invade every site they put out.  Activation shoudn’t be a problem, with Mob. points getting Rendili and giving you +2 activation at docking bays, you will get enough.  Choose battles carefully, and with your guys coming back because of the flipped objectice, you should be able to outlast them.

I think I have covered just about everything. This Decks tournament record is 8-1, with the loss to Brentson by 1. Also, it has a ton more playtesting wins. Please Dmail me with any questions before you review.
