---
layout: post
author: Jodo "Jodo Kast17" Kast
title: 'What !?!? Asteroids !?!? v2.0'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-07-22
description: ! 'The second version of asteroid effects and drains killing my opponent, with undercovers stopping drains.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (13)
Asteroid Field x6
Big One x2
Roche
Kessel
Ralltiir
Dagobah
Dagobah Swamp

Characters (10)
Boushh
Bren Quersey
Commander Vanden Willard
Dutch
Elyhek Rue
Jek Porkins
Jeroen Webb
Luke Skywalker
Orrimaarko
TK-422

Starships (9)
Artoo in Red 5
Gold 1
Gold Squadron Y-Wing
Lando in Falcon
Independence
Red 6
Red 7
Red 8
Tantive IV

Interrupts (7)
Direct Assault
Houjix
Lost Relay
Organized Attack
The Signal x2
Transmission Terminated

Effects (18)
Asteroid Sanctuary x2
Draw Their Fire
Do, Or Do Not
Ineffective Manuever x2
Koensayr Manufacturing
Mantellian Savrip
S-Foils
Special Modifications x3
The Planet That It’s Farthest From
Traffic Control
Ultimatum
Undercover x2
Wise Advice

Weapons/Devices (3)
Rebel Flight Suit x2
X-Wing Laser Cannons
'

Strategy: '

	This deck will make most of you think I&#8217;m crazy.  Why so many effects? Why no EPPs?  Why so few characters?  Even, why so few ships?
	I&#8217;ll be explaining these questions as I go along.  I&#8217;ll explain everything in great detail, so be patient and don&#8217;t stop reading.
	The asteroid fields are the basis for my deck.	I start off with Ralltiir and the signal to pull out koensayr.	Special mod becomes non-unique, and my y-wings can be retrieved.  This makes those ships very expendable.
	NOTE I added Roche in place of Bespin on a suggestion so that I can pull the Big One from reserve deck.  I added Dagobah as another asteroid system that will be difficult to reach, as well as since I don&#8217;t have Tatooine in here anymore, it is the target of TPTIFF.  The Swamp was added so that at the end of the game I can simply land my starfighters and reinsert them into my deck for added force.
	I put the special mod on luke and jek in matching ships if possible.  Luke doesn&#8217;t need a pilot suit, because with the modifications and red 5, the ship is maneuver 10.  Unless my opponent has asteroids sectors (yeah right) then it will take a 7 to kill him.  Jek probably needs the flight suit and the modifications, giving him a hefty 9.	Another of my x-wings can be sent in with the same additions to give back-up to my other fighters.  The Independence can come in for the same purpose.	A special mod on it gives it an armor of 8, needing a 5 to kill it.
	I like to set up the asteroids on two systems, and when that is done I put my two prepared pilots at the big one.  I drain 3 per turn there.  I put asteroid sanctuary to add another 4 force lost at each system if all of my asteroid fields are down.  Ineffective maneuver can be played on my opponent&#8217;s best effects, (there are always more than two in every deck).  Lost Relay is for if my opponent decides to cancel either of my effects.  If the bounty hunter ships feel that they are maneuverable enough, lookout.  Destiny +4.  If a star destroyer comes it will probably get killed too.  If the executor comes I try to track an asteroid field to take it out.
	As you can see, this deck has literally no ground force.  I do not go on the ground, I repeat I do NOT go on the ground  Orrimaarko is useful for a suicide mission if necessary, and in desperate circumstances, so can Boushh.  The only things I have on the ground are undercover spies.  With 4 of these I should be able to effectively slow my opponent&#8217;s drains to a crawl.	Ultimatum keeps them all down to 2.
	In response to the problems of CHYBC I simply have this to say.  If that effect comes down, I will go to my battleground systems and try to survive.  If I suspect a powerful space armada on my opponent&#8217;s side, I will send my emergency ships into the asteroids and take up the battlegrounds there.  If I can&#8217;t set that up, then I&#8217;ll move my main asteroid ships into the asteroid field, rather than the big one.  My drains won&#8217;t be as large, but the sanctuary will keep working.
	Since a large number of my effects are not immune to alter I have wise advice in here.	Do or do not also adds something to hinder an attempt at canceling them.
	I set up at Kessel with the Tantive IV and Falcon, along with any extra fighters.  I drain away, and in a battle can shoot BH ships with the X-wing cannons.  I can also direct assault, killing attrition immunity.  I can use s-foils and organized attack hold off an attack with just x-wings.  The y-wings can be forfeited for attrition and retrieved with koensayr.
	Houjix works on suicide missions, or if I get a major beat down in space.  If undercover gets cancelled and I get another beat down this card is very useful.
	I hope I have explained this deck well enough.	It is great when used correctly, and because your opponent will not be ready for anything remotely like this it will most likely get him off guard or nervous.	If he gets overconfident and attacks, just let the asteroids finish him off and enjoy the look on his face.
	I realize that Hunt Down poses a major problem to this deck.  I&#8217;m still not sure on what I would do if I went up against it.	If you have any suggestions they would be greatly appreciated.	My best decision in that situation would be to try transmission terminated and my spies on visage, and then use my sanctuaries to drain to death.  It might not be the best possible way to beat it, but it is the best that this deck can do.
'