---
layout: post
author: ! edmund "edmund" gray
title: ! 'Huntdown Scum?!?'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-15
description: ! 'I think this deck is better than SYC/court/mkos scum, but thats just me, but it gets the job done.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Start(6)
Huntdown
Meditation Chamber
Holotheatre
Visage
Prepared Defenses
Power of the Hutt

Locations(5)
Tant JP x3
Audience Chamber
Lower Passages

Characters(18)
Boelo
Bane Malar
Dengar with Blaster
Brangus
Iggy with gun x2
4-lom x2
Evazen x2
Mara
Djas
Prophetess
Mighty Jabba
Ephant Mon
Gallid x2
Mosep

Starships(3)
Bobba in Ship
Bossk in Ship
Zuckuss in Ship

Interrupts(14)
None Shall Pass x2
Barrier x3
Ghhhk x2
Twileck x3
Projective Telepathy
Hutt Smooch
Sniper
Point Man

Effects(14)
Presence of the Force x2
S+V x2
Secret Plans
Bad Feeling Have I
Hutt Influence
No Bargain
Resistance
Blast Door Controls
Search and Destroy
Come Here You Big Coward
Disarmed x2 '

Strategy: '

I was intrigued by SYC scum, but disliked its vulnerability to SAC and losing the direct damage of court&#8230;then it hit me Huntdown would protect against SAC better then There is No Try, and visage would give me the direct damage even though I have to take it too, but I can retrieve it back with scum.

You play this deck the same against pretty much anything.  get JP then pull AC and LP put out scum, gallid, and mosep. this deck can cause brutal damage very quickly(not only with visage but force draining), and with mosep it comes off the reserve deck, ouch  mid to late game the destinies are sweet and this deck can battle and retrieve so you should win any drain race.  All games, (except Agents when they reveal Kabe or Tamtel) you start No Bargain, then pull Bad feeling have I, then watch you opponent use 9 force to deploy epp obi, just to get him returned to hand with none shall pass.

Hutt Influence is great it stops deadly Surprise Assaults, controls, bargaining table etc.

Projective lets you attack, retrieve, and then cancel your own battle.

Prophetess is good. a force sensitive alien with a deploy of 2 with scum and can retrieve an additional force.

This deck is all about quick damage, forcing you opponent&#8217;s hand and often it too late to stop the damage.

Problems
Harc Seff-just have to kill em
Ben Kenobi-none shall pass/disarm/evazen should be enough
Master Luke-barrier him, then kill him
Nebruim Leibs-not much you can do, good thing no one plays this
Menace Fades or test 1- you can still cause a lot of damage with the presence of the forces. controlling a site and system is often hard to do.
Bo Shuda-takes away a battle-ground, but a haven for gallid
Fallen portal- if you suspect one try to just attack with one person so if they play it the battles canceled and you still retrieve force, just make sure if they don&#8217;t play it you won&#8217;t take force loss.

Few decks except profit have enough of these trouble-makers to truly harm you. but profit will be force choked and killing han will hardly be a problem.  it will take a long while to rescue han with none shall pass, barriers, disarms, no bargain, bad feeling have I, ephant mon(no lando, boussh, or chewie), and boelo.	I want to add either AAA or Onith to force them to deploy and inflict loss while your camped out in the AC.

this deck is unique, fun, and wins. if you don&#8217;t think it can win you haven&#8217;t tried it because it works remarkably well. '