---
author: Douglas "Douglas" Harvilla
title: Technological Terrors
side: Dark
date: 2000-11-21
description:   The Emperor’s war machines dominate in space and launch an inexorable ground assault.	Once the Battle Deployment has begun, there’s no stopping it.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective
Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost

Locations(9)
Endor
Sullust
Kashyyyk
Rendili
Endor: Landing Platform
Endor: Bunker
Endor: Dark Forest
Endor: Forest Clearing
Endor: Back Door

Characters(21)
Darth Vader With Lightsaber x3
Emperor Palpatine x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Admiral Piett
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral Chiraneau
Admiral Motti
General Veers
Commander Igar
Commander Merrejk
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Officer Evax
Lieutenant Cabbel
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Janus Greejatus
Sim Aloo

Vehicles(4)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Walker x2

Starships(8)
Executor
Chimaera
Dominator
Victory-Class Star Destroyer x2
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
Emperor’s Shuttle

Admiral’s Orders(3)
Battle Deployment x3

Effects(11)
Oppressive Enforcement
Secret Plans
Something Special Planned
Imperial Arrest Order
Ominous Rumors
Mobilization Points
First Strike
Lateral Damage
There’ll Be Hell To Pay
You Cannot Hide Forever
Overseeing It Personally

Interrupts(3)
Imperial Command x2
Force Lightning


Strategy: 

  Somehow missed the Prepared Defenses.  Drop DS-61-2 to make room for it.  Plenty of pilots in here anyway.

  Get Rendili from the deck with Mobilization Points for force generation, or go with the Executor instead if you are already getting some force from the opponent and want a quick setup in space.  This system’s text lets you retrieve Victory SDs later, including the Dominator.

  Endor, Sullust, and Kashyyyk provide big drains in space, boosted by Chiraneau and Ominous Rumors.  Getting established in space lets you deploy Battle Deployment and use it to deploy walkers from the deck.  Go smack the opponent down somewhere or just control the Endor sites with overhead support.  Battle Deployment will limit the opponent to one battle destiny at the sites if you control the system, and with a fleet overhead, including a VCSD, you’ll have a big power boost.

  EPP Vaders were chosen to add weapons to a deck which otherwise relies on power.  Very helpful against Profit and other decks which specific characters you want taken out.  The Emperor is surprisingly flexible, and the destiny doesn’t hurt one bit, either.  Several Admirals make using Imperial Command in space easy, and Piett can even pull, once per game, an Admiral’s Orders or Commander into your hand, even Merrejk, who grabs systems.  Playing one Imperial Command can set off a chain reaction.

  Igar and Veers make a great combo, the Commander adding a destiny with 3 of the 4 walkers in here, and canceling and redrawing a destiny once per battle.  Throw an Imperial Command into the mix and it gets evil.  Cabbel cuts the opponent’s destiny with any of the numerous leaders in the deck.  EPP Boba adds a destiny with Han, quite useful, is a solid pilot, and his weapon is welcome.

  Janus and Sim are in there for destiny tracking, recycling of cards, and making sure the opponent’s one battle destiny really blows before I initiate.	Sim also adds a destiny with the Emperor, quite useful, ground or space.  And Janus gives a drain bonus.

  Most of the ships are star destroyers, so they work with Chiraneau’s force drain bonus and Something Special.  The bounty hunter ships are self-explanatory.  The Emperor’s Shuttle has a couple uses.  Get it early and you can drop the Emperor cheaply at the system or a site, since he deploys for free aboard.  It has total immunity to attrition and adds a battle destiny when he’s a passenger, so throw a pilot on board and kick butt.	Low maneuver, so watch out for X-Wing lasers.  I’d use this as an early-game trick, but land him after a couple turns.

  There’s not all that much to cancel in here, but Oppressive Enforcement is still a good addition.  It boosts the destiny of my capital ships, lets my grabber deploy for free.	Just not a bad card.  Secret Plans and Something Special really hose retrieval, and the latter is a nasty surprise if your opponent is counting on a Hyper Escape and you pull this with You Cannot Hide Forever.  Ominous Rumors is easily set up and can add 2 to your drains at other systems, too good to pass up, even with no intention of flipping.

  First Strike is in there because you don’t pass it up when you can deploy walkers from the deck right on top of your opponent’s characters, or when you’ve got a Lateral Damage and big space beatdown potential.  There’ll Be Hell To Pay is a good addition to any DS deck, and Overseeing It Personally is a way to boost your drains at Endor sites, nasty in concert with Battle Deployment.

  Profit, in particular, has a bit of trouble dealing with this deck.  Most opponents will flip quick to get the damage started, but will have trouble spreading for fear of walker beatdown, or will be outrun in drains in space and at Endor sites.	Try it out if you’re having trouble with this slightly over-themed LS strategy.	 