---
layout: post
author: ! Alex "george3785" George
title: ! "The Blue Snowstorm HB Retrieval"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-18
description: ! "A very strong HB X-Wing deck that retrieves with OTE and All Wings Report In. Has Massive drains and beatdown potential."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7)
Hidden Base/Dang Butter Fingers
Kessel (HB modifier)
Rendezvous Point
HFTMF
Do Or Do Not
Wise Advice
Your Insight Serves You Well

Locations (7)
Kessel
Endor
Roche
Corulag
Ralltiir
Aquaris
Kiffex

Characters (4)
LSJK
Boussh
TK-422
Artoo

Starships (17)
X-Wing x14
R2 in Red 5
Spiral
Lando In Rocket Ship

Interrupts (14)
On The Edge x3
All Wings Report In x2
Rebel Barrier x2
It Could Be Worse x2
The Signal x2
Organized Attack x3

Weapons (2)
X-Wing Laser Cannon x2

Effects (9)
HOTJedi
Projection Of A Skywalker x2
Undercover
Order To Engage
Legendary Starfighter
Rebel Fleet
S-Foils
Civil Disorder '

Strategy: '

****Notice****
Read the entire decklist and strategy before reviewing it. This deck is also not for a player with no tracking capability. You need tracking make this deck work right.

Starting
You start the normal stuff as well as the three effects. Once Reflections 2 comes out you will want to start the combo effect of the starting 2. Please give me some help as to what i should add to start after this change.

First turn you will want to deploy as many X-Wings as possible for free to R. Point, and get out endor. then you will move the X-wings for free over there. For the rest of the game you will want to just drain them out and retrieve at key moments so that it will help you. The retrieval in this deck is waht makes it as good as it is. You will easily get out one of the characters, you can put them undercover or just up in the spiral or Falcon. Then you will want to start using the On The Edge’s. These cards can help your game very much and can very likely win it for you. To *retrieve* with these you have to know how to *TRACK*. That is by far the most important aspect to this deck. In order to do this there are a few ways. Here are some good ways to get your retrieval to the max
1. Use All wings to get an X-Wing, And then track it into your deck so that you know when it is on top.
2. Use the Signal. See above.
3. Draw Destiny and hope that it has a high destiny (artoo or red 5).
 There are other ways but as you can see it is easy. You just have to know when to draw that crucial destiny.

Back to the strategy. For the entire game you will want to drain him for as much as possible. You may or may not want to flip your objective. If you dont flip your objective it may be helpful in a few cases. If they have Security Precautions do not flip, because you will not be able to use Order To Engage to its fullest. While it is not flipped they still have to worry about battle damage so they wont run away. If you can tell that they are not playing space then flip so you can cancel their drains on the ground.

And now for some Explanations of a few key cards
Artoo- can be used as a spy or for destiny. Great for destiny.
R2 In Red 5- Mainly used for destiny. But if you want you can put luke on it.
On The Edge- A great card that can easily be used in any deck. Very helpful in being able to win.
The Systems I use- Every system except for kiffex, opponent can only drain for 1 at. I also dont give them taht much force.
Undercover- Great to put Artoo undercover or to put one of the undercover spies back undercover if cover is broken.

When Reflections 2 comes out I will put in another character (most likely Wedge) in place of Artoo. Then i will put Mercenary armor in (If it does what i think it does, and puts regular charcters undercover.) instead of Undercover.

Matchups
BHBM- Almost and instant win. Do not flip and pile your xwings at one system. Then chase them around and use order to engage so that they have to battle or else lose the game. When you wipe out their space just spread out and drain.

Scum- Be careful. This is very hard and is in several forms (court, sycfa, others) it is very powerful and hard to beat. I do not have much strategy against it because i have not realllly played it, but hopefully when you play correctly you may win.

Im sorry to say but nowadays those are about the most used objectives.

Please give me some help on what i should add or take out.
Thanks,
AG '