---
layout: post
author: ! Andy "RexBanner7" Klema
title: ! "Diet Super Falcon Uprising"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-01
description: ! 'This deck uses the cool new Endor start to set up the Diet Super Falcon (Niem Numb and General Calrissian on Gold 1), and then just beats your opponent around.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting 7
Local Uprising
Endor
Farm
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Menace Fades
Squadron Assignments
Strike Planning

Locations 9
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Endor Chief Chirpa's Hut
Home One War Room
Hoth Echo Command Center
Kessel x2
Rendezvous Point
Swamp
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room

Starships 4
Gold Squadron 1
Home One
Independence
Spiral

Creatures 2
Nudj x2

Characters 19
Boushh
Chewbacca
Colonel Cracken
General Calrissian
Han with Gun x2
Leia with Gun x2
Lieutenan Blount
Luke with Stick x2
Master Luke
Nien Numb
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Obi-Wan with Stick x2
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Tycho Celchu

Effects 4
Bacta Tank
Battle Plan
Honor of the Jedi
Legendary Starfighter

Interrupts 15
Grimtaash
Nabrun Leids x2
Out of Commission x2
Punch It x2
Quite a Mercenary
Shocking Information x2
The Signal
Throw Me Another Charge
Tunnel Vision x3

'

Strategy: '

Well, this deck is a speed deck. That's why I start Squadron Assignments. If you want, you can have a first turn Falcon almost anywhere. Pull General Calrissian using Strike Planning and us Squassin to pull his ship. With Punch It and the Spiral to back it up, the Diet Super Falcon doesn't go down Sure it doesn't get as many destiny draws as the original Super Falcon, but it does free up Han and Leia to fight on the ground, and that's where I'd rather have them. The Kessels and Legendary Starfighter are there to capitalize on the effectiveness of the Falcon. The rest of your locations are 2/0 force choke sites to give you activation without giving any to your opponent. The characters are your standard mains with some interesting support characters thrown in. Namely Blount, Cracken, and Tychu. Why play them? Because they are spies and pilots. They can go anywhere if they are on the Falcon. They can get you into places that you shouldn't on the ground. Want to beat the crap out of the scrub abusing Mobilization Points? Do it with them. They are key players in this deck. The starships are standard fare. Not that many are in here, because not that many are needed to hold a system. The effects are standard, but the interrupts may be weird to some. Out of Commission? Throw Me Another Charge? Why? Well, they're really high destinies. Track some nice destinies for the Diet Super Falcon or a mains beatdown. But just as importantly, they can be grabber bait. If you really want to start Nabruning around, play one of these cards. Odds are your opponent won't want you putting a high destiny card back in your deck, so he uses his grabber. Now you are free to Nabrun. I suppose that's all I have to tell you. You all know how decks match-up, so I won't go into that. Just enjoy the deck.'