---
layout: post
author: ! Chris "Artwo" Fanchi
title: ! "Luke Shall Join Us  Or Die"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-29
description: ! "Kick-Ass Bring Him Before Me deck. Nothing else needs to be said."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
Bring Him Before Me/ Take Your Father's Place
DSII Throne Room
Your Destiny
Insignifigant Rebeellion
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
You Cannot Hide Forever

Locations (7)
Endor
DSII Docking Bay
Endor Landing Platform
Endor Back Door
Endor Ewok Village
Endor Dark Forest
Endor Forest Clearing

Characters (15)
Emperor Palpatine
Admiral Piett
Commander Igar
Darth Vader x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Janus Greejatus
Lord Vader
Myn Kyneugh
Sim Aloo
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
IG-88 With Riot Gun

Weapons (4)
Darth Vader's Lightsaber
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber x2

Vehicles (1)
Tempest 1

Starships (7)
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Chimaera
Emperor's Personal Shuttle
Executor
The Emperor's Shield
The Emperor's Sword

Effects (6)
Crush The Rebellion
Emperor's Power
I Am Your Father
Oppressive Enforcement
Overseeing It Personally
Reactor Terminal

Interrupts (10)
Dark Jedi Presence
Evader
Force Field
Force Lightning
I Have You Now
Rise My Friend
The Circle Is Now Complete x2
Twi'lek Advisor x2

Admirals Orders (2)
We're In Attack Position Now x2'

Strategy: '

Obviosly, you want to get your docking bays out as quickly as possible. So start by, first turn, getting DSII Docking Bay and putting the Emperor there (I know most decks do it like this, but it works). Next you want to get out the Endor Landing Platform and then get Vader there ASAP (draw up if you need to). Then Vader can just wait for Luke, drain for 1 (two if you add Vader's Lightsaber) and make them lose for Your Destiny. If it looks like they're playing Honor of the Jedi and no Luke, feel free to move Vader around and drain at one of the other Endor sites (they're all battlegrounds and are all drain of 2).
If it looks like the LS is playing space (or sometimes even if it doesn't), use Mobilization Points to get Exeecutor and start beating them down in space. We're In Attack Position is in there for a couple of reasons 1. Destiny of 6, can hardly go wrong there; 2. It doesn't have any penalties; 3. It can get rid of your opponents' possibly harmful AO; 4. Chimaera and Executor both become immune to attrition <7 and <14, respectively, because most of the pilots in this deck are leaders; and finally, 5. If you have this out, occupy Endor, and have Igar in Tempest 1 on Endor, they have to lose 1 force per turn.
One final note I Am Your Father can be a big pain in the ass for the LS if they're not using jedi Luke and try to send Luke at you.'