---
layout: post
author: ! Graham "Mr Cheese" Neal
title: ! "Jabbas Twisted World"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-30
description: ! 'Kick butt with Hidden Weapons, All wrapped up, and Scum and villeny with more tricks and traps then you can squirt some at'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting cards(8)

Court of the Vile Gangster
Tatooine Great pit of Carcoon
JP Audience chamber
JP Dungeon
Prepared defenses
Mobilization points
All wrapped up
No bargain

Locations(5)

Carida
Death StarDocking Bay
Tatooine Docking Bay
TatooineJabba’s Palace
Tatooine Cantina

Characters(22)

Jabba the Huttx2
Boba Fett W/ Gunx2
Jodo Kastx2
Mara Jadex2
Dr. Evazanx2
IGGY w/ Gunx2
4-Lom w/ Gunx2
Chall Bekan
Outer Rim Scout
Cloud City Engineer
Gailid
Dengar w/ Gun
Ephant Mon
Boelo
Djas Puhr

Weapons (1)

Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

Starships (4)
Bossk in Busx2
Zuckuss in shipx2

Effects(6)

Scum and Villainyx2
Disarmedx2
Search and Destroy
First Strike

Interupts (13)

Hidden weaponsx2
Imperial Barrierx2
Elis Helrot
Oo-ta Goo-ta Solo
Twi’lek Advisor
Masterful Movex2
Ghhhkx2

'

Strategy: '

This is the deck that I used at the MN Grand Slam
It went 3-0 in the Grand Slam and has gone 14-0 in tournament play total.

***Please read all of the Match ups and notes before reviewing this deck( Feel free to D-mail me if you have any questions before you rate it)***

This is a reactive deck that reacts to what your opponent does and counters it with many different tools that make the dark side so munch fun to play.	I know at first look ths deck looks like junk, but it is a champ that has won more then any other deck that I played latly. Playing this deck takes alot of tracking and nerves of steel.  The cool part is that you can take on a whole squad of Mains and win every time if you play your cards right.  One of the other benifits is using all wrapped up to remove all of the stupid desposible mains so that they will not come back and haunt you late in the game.
Scum and villeiny is a retreving engine from hell.
It is one of the few dark decks that can boost "good retrival".
Battles are where this deck shines.  With IGGY hidden weapons, dengar,Dr. E, disarmed, and multipal desteny draws this deck never stops bringin the pain and can catch alot of LS players by suprize that can really hurt
Enough of the babble all of you good players know how good scum decks are and know how they work.


Deck match-ups

VS. Profit  WHat Autowin.  start chall and jabba. pull the CC Engeneer w/ chall and convert their site first turn, battle like a champ and win every time by like high 20’s-low 30’s.

VS. HB	 This can be a hard match up depending on the type of HB deck.	Drain fast, drop search and destroy, beat the crap out any mains they drop and don’t forget to make them lose to your objective and the extra deploy cost for their mains from No Bargain.  You can look for a ship every turn w/ your obj. so drop a ship and probe duing both turns and battle like crazy to retrive mad force.	Don’t be affraid to leave you guys alone in the start of the game w/ 2 barriers 2 none shall passes and 2 Ghhhks for back up w/ 2 masterful moves to find them you won’t have to worry very munch about battle damage.  The only difference in this is if you play a deck that just use HB for the activation and play Beatdown mains.  I have only lost to a hidden base deck once in a pick up game VS Jose Grace(MN grand slam winner) by 12, so if you play smart you should beat HB every time.

Throneroom/MWYHL beatdown  Same as above with a few differences.  watch out for frozen assets and heavy SAC with that in mind you will still win.

EBO/Bargwin  Auto-win this deck rips EBO apart like a slutty b*tch nomater what version they play.  If you need me to tell you how this deck beats this deck then you should not be playing scum.

Speeders  Same as HD stay inside and drain w/ search and destroy and win.  Late game when they are low on force and spred out drop guys and battle. retrive and use dengar to make there speeders hit/ forfit Zero.

Anyother Deck  I can’t think of any other decks right now, but I have not seen anything latly that this deck can’t beat.

Props go To Jim "Stimmed Jim" Li for showing the true power of scum when I first started playing three yeares ago and Being on of the best scum players I have every seen =)

Thanks for reading and feel free to ask me any questions before rating

Once you play scum forever will it dominate your destiny









'