---
layout: post
author: ! Eric "bounty22" Hunter
title: ! "Killer queen  to avoid complications she never uses the same adress "
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-06-16
description: ! 'this deck is a killer court deck that hasn't lost a game yet, beating one of the best trm played by my bro, hayes hunter.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'
Unknown Type
Coruscant
Coruscant Docking Bay
Coruscant Imperial Square
Dagobah Cave
Death Star War Room
Executor Meditation Chamber
Hoth Ice Plains
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace Dungeon
Tatooine Great Pit Of Carkoon

Characters (15)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle  x2
Bane Malar
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Chall Bekan
Darth Vader With Lightsaber  x3
Dengar with Blaster Carbine
Djas Puhr
Dr. Evazan  x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand	x2

Starships (5)
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser  x2
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts (21)
Alter  x3
Hutt Smooch
Jabba's Through With You
Masterful Move
Monnok	x2
Sense  x4
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
The Circle Is Now Complete
Torture  x3
Twi'lek Advisor  x2
You Are Beaten	x2

Effects (6)
A Bright Center To The Universe
Battle Order
Scum And Villainy
Search And Destroy
Security Precautions(normal start)
There'll Be Hell To Pay

Weapons (2)
Dengar's Modified Riot Gun
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Unknown Type
Court Of The Vile Gangster / I Shall Enjoy Watching You Die
'

Strategy: '

this deck is the bomb. it has so much power and junk. i don't knwo what to say in the strategy.... hmmmm... it's kinda like a trm deck except it packs a mini-visage. and gives me forfiet and ships, the benifiets are great. first of all though, i shall say what do you do agaisnt certian decks

agsinst ops try to win this one using scum if you get it. this was you you can retrive and stuff and that's cool. you also have abc and batle order(which you start with) make sure to leave one guy at tatioone to not lose from the objective. you can win this with style.

agasinst trm just batle them out. you won't be choked cause whenever i play this you get plenty of locatoins. because of this you can out batle them and out sac them, i played agsint my bro's and beat his handily cause this deck is strong.

agsint ebo this is the only weakness of the deck. i think some more ships would help batle this deck. so if this is big put in more ships and with cout damage  and mara with her saber in space. if you can fight it in space you'll win.

agsint blow up the big ping pong ball so they blow up the dath star. so they get some good drains. but then what? you'll batle them on the ground and beat them and drain on yavin. also court damage and s&D will hurt them. by the time the'll be set up the'll be really hurting. this matchup is yours to win.

agsint profit so you pull your stough out and what not and you will let them free han so then you go smack them. your sac will go through,  just like trm you will out batle them, plus you will have a huge force aadvatage casue this deck whenever i played with it get's it's locations. 1 cc engineer may be added so you can force choke them-kinda.

what else is there? i say bring it on this deck can take it. as for the title, i hope you all like queen cause the's dynamite with a laser beeam, guranteed to blow your mind'