---
layout: post
author: Eddie "ISBop" Brown
title: 'ISB/IAO Drain v4.0'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-19
description: 'My last version of this deck totally sucked, so I changed it a lot.  Added some new counters and raised my drain power and destiny.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations: (11)
Coruscant
Kiffex
Kashyyyk
Endor: Back Door
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94
Hoth: Echo Docking Bay
Spaceport Docking Bay
Yavin 4: Docking Bay
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Cloud City: East Platform (Docking Bay)

Characters: (20)
Grand Moff Tarkin
IG-88 with Riot Gun
DVDLOTS
EPP Fett
Mara Jade
DS-61-3
Sargeant Tarl
Leiutenant Renz
Navy Trooper Vesden
Corporal Derdram
Colonel Wullf Yularen
Admiral Ozzel
Lieutenant Pol Treidum
Officer Evax
Outer Rim Scout
Chyler
Chall Bekan
Sargeant Torent
Corporal Oberk

Starships: (6)
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Devestator
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Dengar in Punishing One

Vehicles: (2)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Weapons: (2)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Saber

Interrrupts: (8)
Sneak Attack x3
Twi'lek Advisor x3
Evader x2


Effects: (10)
Presence of the Force
Come Here You Big Coward!
Imperial Arrest Order
Undercover x3
Broken Concentration
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
Imperial Decree

Objective: (1)
ISB Operations/Empire's Sinister Agents  

Strategy: 

Strategy
This deck is very easy to play. Just start with ISB, Coruscant and Imperial Arrest Order. Pull either Yavin 4 or Hoth docking bays first. Just save up force. Put a couple cheap ISBs there, and by turn 3, you can flip the objective. Keep pulling docking bays with IAO and dropping ISBs like mad. Play some mains and high-stats guys to back up your relatively weak ISBs. Stick Mara and her glowstick at Back Door or Cantina for a drain of 3, 4 with an ISB there. Use the Undercovers for blocking a big drain. There Is No Try keeps your red cards safe. The bounty hunter ships will keep space pretty well covered for additional drains. Make sure to leave a couple sites with only spies that look pretty 'weak' to your opponent. When the beatdown comes, drop Sneak Attack. Boom, instant power or battle destiny at least +3 or +4! Stick Chall at Cantina or Docking Bay 94, and pull the one ORS if it's not already out. There's only one for fear of Grimmy, and plus I only have one. Watch out for MWYHL, though, it can hurt you. Broken Concentration should be a great help, though. Good Luck, and May The Force Be With You.

UPDATE: I added in Imperial Decree to slow LS drains. An extra Spaceport Docking bay helps to counter Hidden Base. I needed some power to hold down systems, so the mighty Executor took the place of the ICSD. The Snowtrooper Officer was too expensive, so I took one out. The average deploy is very low because if you don't get out the sites other than docking bays, you wont be acitvating all that much. Also, I was having trouble getting out Undercovers to block heavy drains, so I added an extra.

UPDATE 2:
I took out the probe droids in favor of 2 more ORSs. Gravity Shadow gave way to Vader's Saber for cutting up stuff and to enhance the relatively small drains. DVDLOTS replaced EPP, and ECC IG-88 replaced EJP IG-88 to up my ground power. Vader's Personal Shuttle was put in to lower the average deploy for my starships, it was really high. Security Precautions went in for Reactor Terminal; I needed better HB counters. Overall, this deck is now much more balanced deck.

UPDATE 3:
Took out 2 ORS's.   They were getting Grimmy'ed away, so I put in 2 other ISBs.  Added in Blizzard 2 and Tempest 1 to protect puny ISBs from getting shot/chopped/blown up, etc.   Some ships came out; there were too many.	Added in PotF to bump up drains, and CHYBC for general purposes.  No Ghhhk's because I wont be droppin' n' drainin'.
