---
layout: post
author: Jake "NeDraco" Rich
title: 'Rallops The wheel of death'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-28
description: 'What can I say this deck kicks ass. Counter every thing your opponent does good against most deck types.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting:(6)
Ralltiir Operations/ In The Hands Of The Empire
Ralltiir
Prepared Defenses
Oppressive Enforcement
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order

Characters:(17)
Emperor Palpatine
DVDLOTSx2
Mara Jade, The
Grand Moff Tarkin
Janus Greejatus
Commander Igar
Lieutenant Arnet
Colonel Davod Jon
DS-61-3
Biker Scout Trooperx3
IG-88 w/ Riot Gun
4-LOM w/ Concussion Riflex2
U-3PO

Weapons:(2)
Vaders Lightsaber
Mara Jades Lightsaber

Interrupts:(13)
Hutt Smooch
Controlx2
Sensex2
Alter
Tramplex2
High Speed Tacticsx3
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
The Circle is Now Complete

Effects:(6)
First Strike
Reactor Terminal
Overseeing It Personally
Secret Plans
Lateral Damage
Security Precauctions

Vehicles/Starships:(11)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Tempest Scout 6
Blizzard Scout 1
Speeder Bikex3
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
IG-88 In IG-2000
Boba Fett In Slave One
Bossk In Hounds Tooth

Locations:(5)
Desert
Spaceport Docking Bay
Forest
Death Star 2 Docking Bay
Wakeelmui 

Strategy: 

Okay just a few pointers on why I put some of these cards in the deck. Right now you might be asking yourself, why Biker Scout Troopers, why not AT-ST pilots, well I think that Bikers Scout Trooper kick ass and are in fact better then AT-ST pilots. First when on a bike the are immune to attrition <4 and they can be combined with Hight Speed Tactics to add an extra battle destiny or slam a pesky snowspeeder into the ground. Added with their ability to react makes them very powerful indeed. Next I put in 2 4-LOMs because 1 dosen&#8217;t seem to be enough cause he usually gets shot or cut and you may need one later in the game to cancel Ben Kenobi&#8217;s text or add a destiny with Zuckuss in Mist Hunter. Also I added Janus Greejatus because as you will find out later on you will be keeping your deck size small so if you have a 5 or 6 you want tracked he is an easy way to do it. Next is how the first 2 turns should go.

Before you activate look through your deck for Wakeelmui then after you activate pull the Death Star 2 Docking Bay with IAO and then pull the Forest or Desert with the Obj. If you feel secure enough you can deploy a Biker Scout Trooper with bike to a Ralltiir site. Next turn you should be able to flip. Pull the other two sites from the deck with IAO and the Obj. (Note Vader. Tarkin And Mara should NOT be deployed to Ralltiir unless nessary they are a hit squad and are ment to go after your opponents characters.) Then set up Overseeing it Personally on Ralltiir and Drain away. If any opposition should pop up crush it, use the Biker Scout Troopers to and another destiny with Hight Speed Tactics and the average destiny draw in this deckis around 3or 4 so they&#8217;re getting hit with around 10 attrition with the modifer from your Obj. Now on to Stragety.]

vs Hidden Base
wait for them to flip their obj and then pull Security Precauctions and use the BH ships to probe until you get the planet. And don&#8217;t fight them unless you know you can win and not get crushed in the process. Other then that set up Overseeing it Personally on Ralltiir and drain like there is no tommarow.Win rate85%

vs Throne Room
Since DS2 came out the force activation problem has been sloved when using the Ralltiir Obj. So set up ASAP and you don&#8217;t really need to bother setting up with Overseeing it Personally cause you will be fighting more then draining. But get First Strike out ASAP cause with the amount of damage you&#8217;ll be taking you&#8217;ll need some characters back.Win rate 65%

vs Profit
Flip you Obj and Overseeing it Personally The first card you wanna pull is Secret Plans to make them pay for their reterival. Then use Iggy to go at Han and capture him. If that fails use Mara or DVDLOTS with 4-LOM and blank Bens game text so Han can&#8217;t be revived. Go after their characters with Walkers and Trample and battle them. When fighting against Profit this deck wins 90% of the time.

vs There Is Good In Him
I can&#8217;t say much here only that I&#8217;ve played against this deck once and I tore it apart. But I guess what I would do in another game is capture Luke with Vader ASAP, and watch to see if they are saving a lot of force and fortify your locations.Win rate 100% so far

vs MWYHL
Stragety depends on the type of MWYHL deck they are playing. But most important of all you must set up Overseeing it Personally before they test one cause drains will be the key to winning this game. If they are playing Surprise Assult MWYHL then get Colonel Davod Jon to the docking bay ASAP and protect him with everything you&#8217;ve got. If they are playing a low test with beat down fortify your sites. If they are playing MWYHL X-wings wait until they spread their ships thin and then hit them in space. keep senses ready just incase they use hyper escape.(note-I&#8217;ve been thinking about adding Kashyyyk, in which case load up your BH ships with a hit squad and raise some hell on Dagobah.)Win rate 85%

vs EBO
This deck tears apart EBO. I&#8217;ve played 5 diffrent EBO decks and this still remains supreame. So drain like there is no tomarrow and try to cancel EBO (I&#8217;ve done it before) hit them with the BH ships when they spread thin.Win rate 100%