---
layout: post
author: Andy "RexBanner7" Klema
title: 'Tat Occ-Post DS2'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-25
description: ! 'This deck is cool, mainly because I used a whole bunch of abbreveations for the title. Check it out.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations 9
Coruscant
Dagobah Cave
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Tatooine Judland Wastes
Tatooine Lars Moisture Farm
Tatooine Mos Eisley

Starships 4
Bossk in Bus
Chimaera
Executor
Zuckuss in Roach

Vehicles 1
Tempest 1

Characters 17
4-LOM with Gun
Bane Malar
Colonel Davod Jon
Commander Igar
Dannik Jerriko
Darth Vader, DLOTS
Darth Vader with Stick
Dengar with Gun x2
Dr. Evazan
Iggy with Gun x2
Jabba the Hutt
Lord Vader
Mara Jade x3

Effects 8
Battle Order
Lateral Damage
Oppressive Enforcement
Security Precautions
Tatooine Occupation x2
There'll Be Hell To Pay x2

Interrupts 16
Always Thinking With Your Stomach
Combat Readiness
Elis Helrot x2
Imperial Barrier x2
Masterful Move x2
Monnok x2
Oo-ta Goo-ta Solo
Shut Him Up or Shut Him Down
Sniper x2
Twi'lek Advisor x2

Weapons 3
Mara Jade's Stick x2
Vader's Stick

Admiral's Orders 2
Fighter Cover x2'

Strategy: '

Well, this strategy section might be a little short, but that's cuz the deck is self-explanatory. ALWAYS start Tatooine and Combat Readiness for the Palace. You'll convert everything that Profit has, and you get good activation, you pull an alien, and you don't need to draw Tatooine to set up Occupation. Fighter Cover will help protect your characters since it adds 1 to each of their weapon destinies and 2 to their immunity. You can't take Vader out with a Smoke Screen. Your ships are the best that there are and they can deal with any threat. I have never lost the system in all my games, and I have beaten at least 2 EBOs. Speaking of EBO, the Lateral Damage and the Masterful Move x2 and Monnok x2 will help to take that out. The Super Falcon isn't that scary because of destiny tracking and the Imperial Barriers. Those Barriers will also protect your lone characters at Tatooine sites. You can then beatdown as you see fit in the turns thereafter. Not as much SAC protection because I don't see it much around here. Play with more if you like, it's a meta decision. Oh, and one last thing. Always Thinking With Your Stomach is TECH against the new Light Side objective. That is how you kill that objective with one card. Props to Cody "Legolas" DiCara for discovering that one. That's it for me. If you have any questions, d-mail me. Later.'