---
layout: post
author: ! Eric "bounty22" Hunter
title: ! "mass state winner  H&R"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-30
description: ! "this deck is a throne room hit and run deck. i am posting it as what it was from the tourney itself."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'9
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Endor Chief Chirpa's Hut
Farm(st)
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Rendezvous Point
Swamp(st)
Tatooine Obi-Wan's Hut
Yavin 4 Massassi Throne Room(st)
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room

12
Boussh
Captain Han Solo  x2
Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2
Luke With Lightsaber  x3
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x3
Tawss Khaa

2
Nudj  x2

6
Gold Leader In Gold 1  x2
Millennium Falcon  x2
Red Leader In Red 1  x2

19
Careful Planning
Control  x3
Courage Of A Skywalker
Don't Forget The Droids  x2
Gift Of The Mentor
Glancing Blow
Grimtaash  x2
Levitation
Lost In The Wilderness	x2
Shocking Information
The Signal
Transmission Terminated
Yoda Stew  x2

12
Anger, Fear, Aggression  x4
Bacta Tank  x2
Battle Plan
Docking And Repair Facilities
Draw Their Fire  x2
Revolution
Wise Advice
'

Strategy: '

this deck is a different kind of h&r deck. it does the basic thing of bacta tank for ground with mad activation and force choke so they won't be able to leave force for barrier or any more guys. the difference is in space. with just red leaders and gold leaders you won't be able to take out systems if they use many star destroyers or zuckuss. with the super falcon you take out their system and maintain a force they won't attack if a afa pops.ok some
some card selection choices
levitation-take out shut him up or shut him down
draw their fire- to retrive a control, afa, or anything you need
yoda's stew- more versital then traffic plus the extra force is really needed.

i think the rest make sense.

against huntdown- do the basic thing. with superior activation you can beat them. also with controls and lost in the wilderness, their drains will not hurt as much. plus lost in the wilderness could win you the game if they deploy a early vader. this can be won. however some anti elis will really help beat this.

against ops- get batle order out. with controls, and lost in the wilderness you won't feel much pain from drain. the basic strategy will help keep them to only a couple sites. otherwise you can smack them. also if yo get a nudj in hand deploy it to their sites to stop a quick flip.this is a easy win.

against ralitiir- batle, batle,batle. make them hurt with a force choke. nail them when they have guys out. do the game plan and you can win.

against rumors- draw for a nudj and put it onto their db. revolve the other site and you win. the super falcon will still be reakond with even if they lateral damage. however if they use i've lost arto or i had no choice then conserve the falcon(note my brother who came in 2nd put in this 'tech' to beat the falcon)

against anything else- just follow the game plan. super falcon in space and hit and run to bacta tank to win the game.

some card choices to enhance this. i have done more play testing since i won and i think 2 quite a mercenary will help win games against huntdown. also another revo or choke to take out elaphant man if he's in the bunker.
later all. tell me if i forget something. '