---
layout: post
author: Chris "Wedge231" Wodicka
title: 'Scrambled BH's'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-05-01
description: ! 'My Profit deck that utilizes Scramble, Narrow Escape, and Order to Engage to mess up the opponent's game.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (7)
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Spaceport Docking Bay
Tatooine Cantina
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Rendezvous Point

Characters (13)
Han Solo
Han Solo with Heavy Blaster Pistol
Chewbacca
Tamtel Skreej
Tawss Khaa
Melas
Master Luke x2
Boussh x2
Obi-wan Kenobi with Lightsaber x2
Orrimaarko

Starships (1)
Gold Leader in Gold 1

Interrupts (29)
Courage of a Skywalker
The Signal
Glancing Blow
Under Attack
Sorry About the Mess
Fallen Portal x2
Narrow Escpae x2
Double Agent
Run Luke, Run
Weapon Levitation
Clash of Sabers
Grimtaash
Transmission Terminated
Someone Who Loves You x2
Out of Commission
Shocking Information
Sense x4
Alter x2
Lost in the Wilderness
Quite a Mercenary
Swing and a Miss
You Will Take Me To Jabba Now

Effects (6)
Scramble
Wise Advice
Goo Nee Tay
Order to Enagage
Battle Plan
Ultimatum

Weapons (2)
Anakin's Lightsaber
Leia's Blaster Rifle

Devices (1)
Landing Claw

Objective
You Can Either Profit By This/Or Be Destroyed '

Strategy: '

I've used this deck about 10 times and it's 9-1 so far for me. It usually wins by at least 20. During tournament play it has been 3-1 for me only losing to Brad 'Uncle Chall' Vogel so far by 3 cards.

The locations are in their either because you need to start with them, for activation, or to use Fallen Portal with.  The only exception is the Cantina. That is in the deck for an interior site where walkers can't go, a good drain, and for a power bonus to the aliens in this deck.

Characters are mostly mains or really cool aliens. Master Luke is in here becase he deploys free to Audience Chamber when the objective is on the zero side. This helps to free Han. His immunity and alien bouncing ability are good too. Boussh is for Someone Who Loves You to free Han if he has alot of people there or you need your objective to flip quickly. She is also a undercover spy and can block drains or cancel Visage. Her blaster is good too as it makes hit characters immediately lost. Track a 5 around and kill Mara or track one of the three 6's and kill Vader in one shot. The gun is good and has helped out alot in games. Tamtel is there instead of ECC Lando or Lando in Millennium Falcon because he's a spy and you can use him with Double Agent to kill an opponent's spy. Very useful against U-3PO, Mara, or ISB agents. Tamtel is also an alien. I can use You Will Take Me To Jabba now to dep;loy him from reserve and I can track the interrupt around as it's a 5 destiny. Obi-wan is for Hunt Down and just because he's powerful, can draw by himself, has a built in weapon, and has good forfeit. Orrimaarko is for added force loss against Imperials and for his good power and ability. Chewbacca cause he has good power and is an alien that I can pull with You Will Take Me To Jabba now. Tawss Khaa and Melas because they're aliens who will help against Raltiir Ops, can draw destiny by themselves, and I can use You Will Take Me to Jabba Now with them. Tawss' retrieval ability and her power +3 when with an alien ability > 3 is also useful at times. Power 6 for deploy of 3 is always good.

I packed Gold Leader in Gold 1 because I can add a pilot and space kills so with a claw I can cancel a drain in space and fulfill Battle Plan at the same time.

Half my deck is almost interrupts so I'll explain why I'm using so many. First off the SAC is because they can win games by cancelling key cards and they can also help if opponent play SAC too. Weapon Levitation is for stealing Mara's or Vader's saber in addition to any bounty hunter guns your opponent may be using. Courage of a Skywalker, Swing and a Miss, and Glancing Blow for dueling protection. Clash of Sabers because it's very powerful but I only pack 1 since Crush the Rebellion is staple in many dark decks. It's still useful to beat up on any aliens they start at the Audience Chamber. Clash one, bounce another, kill others with weapons, they get tons of overflow, and you win the game pratically. Just hope they start aliens and then you just beat them up. Fallen Portal helps against beatdown and with Narrwo Escape/Order to Engage combo it's really cool. Kill two of their guys, run away, all because your opponent didn't want to lose 3 cards. Double Agent is for Mara and spy protection and a destiny 6 couldn't hurt. Grimtaash because every deck I don't use one I end up regretting it later. Out of Commission to take cards out of play. Shocking Information is to recycle and stop manipulation to small degree. Use  Lost in the Wilderness if they try to drain at Jabba's Palace and it helps against Hunt down if you cause Vader to go missing. Narrow Escape is for preventing beatdown and use it with Order to Engage to move to a place where they have presence. Your characters can't be battled again so he still has to lose 3 force. Run Luke, Run if I don't want him to duel Luke and it's other use is kinda useful. I've pulled it off a few times. Quite a Mercenary because I've found Elis Helrot to be really annoying. I use it against Vader twice in one game though, that was cool. Someone Who Loves You to free Han and use Sorry About the Mess to take out his guys and beatdown on him. The Signal so I can start with an effect, Transmission Terminated because Visage is really annoying. Under Attack because it's a recycling 6 and can take out AT-ST's. Also, You Will Take Me To Jabba now so I can deploy aliens or track a 5.

Order to Enagage is used because it forces them to battle you but with Fallen Portal and Narrow Escape he'll still lose stuff. Wise Advice for S/A protection. Ultimatum is for anti-Odds and reducing his huge drain is good too. Battle Plan is for drain decks. Goo Nee Tay is to make his people desploy for more and Scramble is one of the best cards in the game. Killing their ability to draw battle destiny is just huge. Good against Raltiir with 2/2 guys and against Bounty Hunters. If they start aliens they usually start bounty hunters, Mara, or Jabba.

Anakin's Saber can be used with Luke to add to drain and hit people. Leia's Gun is awesome too. If destiny +1 > target's ability the target is lost. Track some high destiny and kill off his guys. Claw is for space and Battle Plan.

Court If they start pilot aliens start Scramble. If not Goo Nee Tay. Just draw up for awhile. Then beatdown his guys with mains. Hit them with weapons, bounce them, Clash of Sabers them. Retrieve, flip, use SAC and Fallen Portal to keep your guys from getting captured.

Huntdown Try to free Han. You should have some duel protection in hand when you do that. If they play no duel flipped objective should do them in.

Numbers Well just start Ultimatum and they flipped objective should hurt them alot. Retrieval is good too.

Rops Go down to their planet and with Scramble he can't reallt draw unless he has AT-ST pilots in AT-ST's. Flipped objective text should hurt. Order to Engage and Narrow Escape are good in here. Under Attack will take out his Walkers. Keep Han indoors or he might get Trampled.

Space/TIES Gonna be tricky. Claw one of their capital ships. Flipped text should hurt them for like 4 or 5 a turn. He can't cancel this since it's not a drain too so that helps. Battle Plan could hurt his drain.

Other stuff Well just stick to plan and use Scramble and OTE/Narrow Escape. Mains and weapons to take his guys out. Flipped text and small drains should do most decks in.

Thanks for reading and any comments on improving this deck are most welcome. '