---
layout: post
author: ! Tom "Gand" Culpepper
title: ! "Echo Base Operations, is that fair?"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-23
description: ! 'an EBO drian deck, see how it works.  Version 1.0, so give me as much help with it as you can.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Characters (13)
BoShek
Captain Han Solo  x2
Chewbacca With Blaster Rifle
Geezum	x3
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Luke Skywalker
R2-D2 (Artoo-Detoo)
Ralltiir Freighter Captain  x2
Wedge Antilles

Effects (11)
Echo Base Operations  x2
Haven
Incom Corporation
Kessel Run  x2
Projection Of A Skywalker  x2
Rebel Fleet
S-Foils
Ultimatum

Interrupts (10)
All Wings Report In
Organized Attack  x2
Punch It  x2
The Signal  x3
Transmission Terminated  x2


Locations(11)
Coruscant
Hoth
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Hoth Echo Corridor
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Med Lab
Hoth Main Power Generators
Hoth North Ridge
Kessel
Kiffex
Ralltiir


Starships (15)
Millennium Falcon  x2
Red 2
Red 5
Red Leader In Red 1
Spiral
Tantive IV
X-wing	x8

'

Strategy: '

  Another simple plan...  Start the Main Power Generators, and the 4th marker as well as Rebel Fleet.  Get Geezum out ASAP and get to work on pulling those Echo Base sites.  Then set up EBO and Incom Corporation(deep within the base) to deploy a bunch of free X-wings to the Haven and other systems and drain like mad.
  Hoth and Rathiall are the two worst drains with EBO working(a scant 3) but Hoth is there to shuttle most of your pilots(who were occupying the echo base sites) up and out into space.
  For late game retrieval you have All Wings and Kessle Run with Rathial Freighter Captians.
  With the bonus from EBO and Incom Corp you ought to be able to overpower just about anyone due to the interupts.
  A few preventive measures are included, i.e. transmition terminated, POAS, Ultimatum.  Also there are additions such as S-Foils to add to the power of the snubfighters that are tormenting the dark side.
  An early opponent of this deck made the mistake of deploying the Executor with a pilot to Hoth(my Haven) and not battling.  Oops.  Deploy a few free X-wings, lock S-Foils in attack position, Organize the attack and we have ended up with a power differential of 21...  loose Executor the pilot and 3 more.

GIVE ME FEEDBACK...  I want this deck to work a bit better.  '