---
layout: post
author: Brian "bgkenobi" Garrison
title: 'Jabba's Non-Profit Organization'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-27
description: 'This Profit Deck is capable of delivering multiple Beatings on many a level.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Objective (1)
You can Profit by this/Or be Destroyed

Locations (9)
Tatooine: Jabba's Palace
JP: Main Audiance Chamber
JP: Entance Cavern
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Lars Moisture Farm
Tatooine: Obi-Wan's Hut
Farm
Dagobah: Yoda's Hut
Tatooine

Characters (20)
Master Luke x3
Ben Kenobi x2
Obi-Wan Kenobi
General Solo x2
Boush x2
ECC Chewie x2
Melas
Artoo x2
Seethreepo x2
Wedge
Boshek
Twass Ka

Weapons (4)
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber x2
Anakin's Lightsaber x2

StarShips (4)
Lando in Falcon
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Spiral
Tantive 4

Effects (4)
Goo Nee Tay
A Gift
Battle Plan
Traffic Control

Interrupts (18)
Under Attack
Gift of a Mentor x4
Nabrium Leids x2
Sense x3
Alter x2
Run Luke Run x2
Out Of Commision x2
Shocking Info
Courage Of A Skywalker 

Strategy: 

This is your standard Proift Deck.  You free Han and beat people up.  You basically used Master Luke and Obi as a Tag-Team to wreck havoc on your opponent, in different ways.
You should get a Master Luke and an Obi in hand first or second turn.  If they do end up deploying two Aliens to the Audiance Chamber at the beginning of the game, you should win the Game right there.  Drop the two and wreck their Aliens.	Most time you can bounce one of them back to their hand and just beat down the other guy.
If they leave you alone on Tatooine, and attempt to do anything to you on another system, you can either put Obi and Luke in the Entrance Cavern with their sticks and drain for 4 and a Force Loss of 1 or you can Nabrium them to your opponents system and wreck them there.  I have played this deck about 20 times in tournaments, and I have lost 2 times, one due to Girard building an anti-Garrison Proift deck and the second due to a really bad hangover.

Reasons for some cards -

General Solo - He has an immunity to Attrition so that helps him, and if he is outside with Chewie, he can 'Tarkin' your Battle destiny.

Under Attack - This was first put in there due to it being a destiny 6, but it also helps out against Walkers.	A guy went white when Master Luke Under Attacked his fully loaded Tempest 1 and he had to lose it and everyone aboard.

Run Luke Run - At first Courage of a Skywalker was the only Dueling protection I had, but this destiny 6 just asked to be in here, and once I put them in, they proved me right.  In one battle I had Master Luke w/stick next to Ben w/stick.	Ben was attacked by random.Imperials and I Run Luke Run'ed him into the battle.  So now he was Power 8.  I then played Courage of a Skywalker Luke, making him a power 13, then played Gift of a Mentor and he lost all his guys, plus 20 Force.  All I lost was his lightsaber.

How to play this against other decks -

Operatives - Start Battle Plan and free Han as soon as possible.  Get them losing from the Objective text and get your wrecking crew formed.  Once you can get Luke and Obi nabriumed to their planet and wreck them there.

Ral Ops - Pretty much the same as Operatives, but start Goo Nee Tay, just in case Vader decides to come down on Tatooine.

Hunt Down - Start Goo Nee Tay.	If you want to be cautious, wait until you get an anti Duel card in hand before dropping Luke or Obi, but if you can get them down before Vader, do it and free Han.

Endor Ops - You will generating a ton of Force off of them, so you should not have any troubles.  Attempt to get Boush to the Bunker fast or the Back Door.  Then free Han and Nabrium the Obi/Luke Tag Team over and wreck them on the ground.  Your space package should be able to help out with the mop up.

Court - This deck wrecks Court of the Vile Gangsta'.  You cover their Jabba's Palace and out activate them.  Game, set, Match!

TDIGWATT - Read the Operatives Game idea's.

The only decks that I have seen as a problem for this deck is when the DS starts Tatooine and use Combat Readiness and pull Jabba's Palace.  They get to cover your location and you are now hurting for activation.  I have beaten this type of deck, but it is a slow building game. 