---
layout: post
author: David "Wedge659" Marincic
title: 'Turbo EBO v1.0'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-06-27
description: ! 'Get EBO set up in 3 to 4 turns and drain like crazy in space while suicide EPPs take care of ground threats.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (10)
Hoth
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Hoth Echo Corridor
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Med Lab
Hoth Main Power Generators
Hoth North Ridge
Kashyyyk
Kiffex
Yavin 4

Characters (17)
Chewbacca
Commander Vanden Willard
Figrin D'an
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol x2
Leia With Blaster Rifle x2
Luke With Lightsaber x2
Mon Mothma
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Oola
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Yoxgit
Incom Engineer x2

Starships (12)
Red Leader In Red 1
Spiral
X-wing x10

Weapons (2)
X-wing Laser Cannon

Effects (9)
A New Secret Base
Bacta Tank
Do, Or Do Not
Echo Base Operations
Goo Nee Tay
Haven
Incom Corporation
Traffic Control
Yarna d'al' Gargan

Interrupts (10)
All Wings Report In
Organized Attack x2
The Signal x3
Transmission Terminated x2
Tunnel Vision
Under Attack'

Strategy: '

This is my first attempt at an EBO deck since the days of Cloud City, but it's a lot of fun to play and very powerful.  Start the Generators/North Ridge and Signal out A New Secret Base.  With that in play, your biggest concern the first couple of turns is to make sure to search for sites/EBO BEFORE you activate to make sure they'll be in your Reserve, and then make sure you activate before you deploy anything  The deck is very quick to set up, and I usually get EBO out on turn 2 or 3 and am in space the next turn.  You'll notice that there are 4 Echo sites; this is just in case you lose one some how since that would screw you over if you didn't have a backup site	The main characters to use for EBO's requirements are Oola, Figrin, Yoxgit, Mon Mothma, and your Incom Engineers since they all have very powerful abilities but aren't very good in battle, so the shield will protect them.  The other characters are there to suppress your opponent's ground troops with the exception of Willard.  He's the wild card in this deck, since he can either be parked at your war room to boost your power at Hoth or you can use his spy ability to hit your opponent where he doesn't expect it (or cancel his Visage if you face a Hunt Down deck and can't find Transmission Terminated).  Oola can devastate a heavy unique character deck if left unchecked, Figrin will be wagering almost every turn if you get him out (and with these destinies, you'll win more than you lose), Yoxgit can get your X-wing cannons back, and Mon Mothma not only combos well with Incom Engineer, she can fish one out of your deck  With an engineer and Mon Mothma out, you'll have the Hoth system covered -2 to each opponent's destiny draw, +2 to your total destiny.  Incom Corporation is THE card in this deck, since it lets you spread out more and adds to your already seriously pumped X-wings.  With Incom out, you'll get power-4, ability-2 fighters for 1 Force a piece  The Organized attacks boost them up to 5, and the cannons can keep you from getting hosed by Zuckuss In Mist Hunter and the rest of the bounty hunter ships that everyone and their mother seems to be using nowadays.  Remember, ANSB lets you dig out systems with two LS icons, and since every system in the deck has that, you'll be able to pull a system out each turn.  This means massive Force generation to power Oola or to just deploy really quickly, and it takes all the 0's out of your deck very quickly.  Bacta Tank can get your EPPs (or Orri and Tawss) back into the fighting when they get killed, Do, Or Do Not can really hose heavy SAC decks (although there's no SAC in here, so watch out), and Goo Nee Tay slows down big character decks significantly and keeps the big guys in hand, while protecting your own characters from getting knocked out of your hand by M'iiyoom and setting up your opponent's big guns for a trip to the Used pile thanks to Oola.  Traffic Control lets you draw for what you need and allows you to keep circulating Force and track some of these destinies in if necessary, and Tunnel Vision/The Signal let you get what you need when you need it.  All Wings can add another X-wing to your beatdown or, late in the game, give you some retrieval power.  Last but not least, Haven is a great card for use with the Yavin 4 system.  Try to suppress the urge to deploy it on Hoth, since your engineers, Mon Mothma, etc. will be pumping your forces up there already.  Between Hoth and a Havened Yavin 4, you'll be able to garrison two systems with great strength while deploying a minimal amount of ships, and despite the fact that most players are prepared for it, the Spiral can occaissionally provide a nasty surprise.  When this deck gets rolling, it can steamroll almost any other strategy thanks to shear speed, but you will have to deploy a fair amount most of the time.	Dark Side decks that don't pack a Resistance will get eaten alive by the drains in space, and the EPPs can handle any invasion of Hoth and can usually take the fight to your opponent's home planet.  Don't worry about losing your ground pounders...your main strength lies in space; the ground troops (while very powerful) are just there to disrupt your opponent's strategy and slow him down, all the while killing characters and inflicting losses that DO matter to him.  Besides, you can always pop a character in the Bacta Tank to fight again later.  There isn't a whole lot of retrieval in this deck.	Figrin and Tawss can work wonders if played well, and All Wings is great when it pops up, but most of the time you won't get a significant retrieval throughout the game (every little bit helps, though).  One final point be careful in your deployment.  Try to hold yourself to 3 X-wings per system once Incom comes out since there are only 10 in the deck and you don't want to get creamed early.	If you are confident that your opponent can't touch you anymore in space, it's fairly safe to spread out, but in the beginning you'll want to hold a couple ships to counterstrike if necessary.  This deck takes a fair amount of deployment to win, and although I have not yet lost with it (don't let this think it's unbeatable, I haven't tested against a ton of Dark Side strategies yet) I rarely win by more than 15-25 Force, so don't expect any massive differentials unless you totally lock down your opponent (Oola can sometimes do this if he doesn't pack non-uniques/females, but it's rare).  Above all, this is a competetive deck that is a lot of fun to play...that makes it a winner in my book already ;)  I'm still trying to make improvements, so feedback is very welcome.  Thanks for reading'