---
layout: post
author: ! Brian "bgkenobi" Garrison
title: ! "EBO Garrison"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-07-05
description: ! 'Holman Style EBO with some Western flava'.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (4)
The Signal
A New Secret Base
Hoth North Ridge
Hoth Main Power Generators

Characters (15)
EPP Luke x2
EPP Leia x2
EPP Obi Wan
EPP Han
Capt. Han Solo
Commander Willard
Biggs Darklighter
Wedge Antilles
Incom Engineer x2
General Carlist Rieekan
Commander Lajaie
Yoxit

Locations (7)
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Command Center
Hoth Echo Med Lab
Hoth Echo Corridor
Hoth
Kashyyk
Bespin

Starships (13)
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Gold Squadron Y-Wing x3
Red Leader in Red 1
Red Squadron X-Wing x3
Lando In Falcon
Millennium Falcon
Spiral
Tantive IV

Weapons (2)
X-Wing Laser Cannon x2

Effects (6)
Haven
Insurrection
Aim High
Echo Base Operations
Do, Or Do Not
Traffic Control

Interrupts (14)
Organized Attach x4
Rebel Barrier x2
Don't Forget The Droids
Effective repairs
The Signal
Houjix x2
Transmission Terminated x3


'

Strategy: '

This is a combo of TJ's beast of an EBO deck, one I played against this last weekend, and some extra stuff.

You start with the Main Power Generators and the North ridge and Signal for A New Secret Base.	ANSB lets you pull EBO and the War Room before you activate.

Set up EBO using the Incom Engineers and the other Rebels.  Use the Squadron Leaders to hold down the Hoth System and any other System that you use.  The other Squadron Starships deploy for 1 at systems, (with a Leader starship there) or free at Hoth, (with Haven and a Leader Starship).  Use the X-Wing Laser Cannons to smack Zuckess and his Bounty Hunter friends around in Space and use the EPPS to smack off any intruders to Hoth.

The Incom Engineers add 2 to any destiny draw done in a battle that is at a related system that has an X-Wing and makes them immune to attrition < 3.  This keeps your X-Wings alive at Hoth, as well as haven does.  You might be served best to throw a second one on the	Super Falcon and send it to Bespin of Kashyyk with an X-Wing, to lock down another drain of 3.

Yoxgit can retrive the X-Wing Laser Cannons if you end up losing the Starships that they are on, so they can keep shooting down starships.

Willard, Lajaie, and Rieekan support the conrtol of Hoth and the strength of EBO.  Willard adds one to the power of starships at related systems to a War Room you control.  Lajaie allows you to react to Hoth, which helps when you react with a Red Squdron X-Wing that is packin' fire power.  Rieekan adds to the number of Hoth sites required to cancel EBO, in the inlucky event that your opponent decides to drop down on Hoth for some snow action.

This deck has alot of high circulating destiny with the 4 Organized Attacks and the X-Wing Laser Cannons and the 3 Transmission Terminated.  Operatives might be a problem against this deck, so you should get Battle order out ASAP, but once you get EBO set up, you should be able to deal with them.  The EPPs on their planet would be your best bet.

This is a very fast deck, and it can do alot of damage.'