---
layout: post
author: steve "stevie B" baroni
title: 'Bring Him The Sevens'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-24
description: 'This deck uses the new objective to get out the emperor quik and convert luke even faster.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Bring Hin Before The Sevens.deck - Mon Jul 24 19:43:13 2000


Unknown Type:
Death Star II: Docking Bay
Death Star II: Throne Room
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay) - Foil
Spaceport Docking Bay

Characters (15)
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith  x5
Emperor Palatine  x2
Grand Moff Tarkin  x2
IG-88 With Riot Gun  x2
Janus Greejatus
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand	x2
Sim Aloo

Starships (4)
Death Squadron Star Destroyer  x2
Flagship Executor
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Interrupts (12)
Counter Assault  x4
Force Lightning  x3
Hunting Party
I Have You Now	x3
Prepared Defenses

Effects (20)
Come Here You Big Coward!
Crush The Rebellion
Imperial Arrest Order
Insignificant Rebellion
Mobilization Points
Mournful Roar  x2
Reactor Terminal  x2
Something Special Planned For Them
Visage Of The Emperor  x7
We're The Bait  x2
Your Destiny

Weapons (4)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber  x3

Unknown Type:
Bring Him Before Me/Take Your Father's Pla

Strategy: 

The main problem that i have seen in most of the new objective decks is the force generation. Instead of packing 5 or six twix sites and the deathstar i use mobilization points and imperial arrest order to genereate masive force. The start to this deck is to just get out the emperor first turn to one of the battleground doking bays. I have three docking bays total, the endor doking bay incase I play a version of my Local Uprising with a big twist, and a non unigue one so i can go to whatever planet my opponent goes,such as incase i play profit i still have a way to get back to the death star to convert luke.
   A lot of people say that the deck has too few charachters and the sevens are useless but you really need to see it in action to believe how well it works. The deck only lost one game during the Kashhyyk  Regionals and that was because i was unfmiliar with the light side objective deck and i deployed the emperor to the endor doking bay with out a vader in my hand and i had to loose 3 force a turn for about 4 turns becuase i could not find a vader.

    The sevens are in the deck mainly to win battles and convert luke. A couple of the games i played the opponent tried to jump the emperor with epp luke but found out he made a mistake when i deck dived for I have you know and drew three destiny atleast one consisting of a seven. That there was one battle that i already had won. You can pretty much dismember any hitsquad that comes down between Ig88, choke vader and Force Lightning. You only need to win 2 battles in order to pull of the objective and convert luke. THe only problem that i have had was loosing duels unless i traked two 1s. After that the odds were in my favor of crossing luke. If the opponent does not give me luke then he can loose three force for the rest of the game while i am drainign for a maxium of 4 at one location and counter assualting my opponents drains. Sense and alter has not been much of a problem since i have found only a couple of people play heavy sense and alter in my tourney enviorment and if it is big in your area then you can take out a force lighting for a do or do not or an oppresive enforcement.

  Let I remind you that this deck does need to convert luke to win. I have many means of winning from battles to counter assualting my opponents drains with sevens

Thanx for future constructive critism.

Steve Baroni 