---
layout: post
author: ! Sean "Kyle Katarn" Luhks
title: ! "Anti-Ralltiir Operations deck"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-07-28
description: ! 'This deck uses the fake-out Echo Base Operations start to totally surprise Ralltiir Operations players, who are accustomed to an easy victory.  A New Secret Base allows you to pull the cards you need to really pump up your T-47s for a cheap-deploy, high p'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (9)
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Endor Back Door
Hoth Echo Command Center
Hoth Echo Corridor
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Hoth Main Power Generators
Hoth North Ridge
Jabba's Palace Entrance Cavern
Tatooine Jundland Wastes

Vehicles (15)
Rebel Snowspeeder x7
Sandspeeder x4
Snowspeeder x4

Characters (7)
Boussh
Commander Wedge Antilles
Corporal Beezer
Romas 'Lock' Navander
TK-422
Yoxgit
Zev Senseca

Starships (2)
Red Leader In Red 1
Gold Leader In Gold 1

Devices (2)
Landing Claw x2

Effects (15)
A New Secret Base
Bacta Tank
Civil Disorder
Do, Or Do Not
Draw Their Fire
Echo Base Garrison
Frozen Assets x2
Honor Of The Jedi
Incom Corporation
Maneuvering Flaps
Mechanical Failure
Order To Engage
Projection Of A Skywalker x2
Your Insight Serves You Well

Interrupts (10)
Attack Pattern Delta x3
Effective Repairs
The Signal x6'

Strategy: '

The start for this deck is always Main Power Generators and North Ridge, with a Signal for A New Secret Base.	First turn, you pull out Echo Base Garrison and the Echo Command Center, and use Garrison to deploy Zev Senseca to the Command Center.	On your next turn, grab the Bacta Tank and the two other Echo sites to provide more activation put some room between Zev and the North Ridge. If the opponent tries to kill Zev, you can still beat them down at the Main Power Generators or Echo Docking Bay.  Now, you can deploy both Maneuvering Flaps and Incom Corporation without fear of either one being canceled.  You have an additional five signals and an Effective Repairs floating around in your deck, so pulling the effects you need to either neutralize the opponent's strategy or pump up your own should be no problem.  You should always deploy Incom Corporation and Maneuvering Flaps, because both are absolutely necessary to succeed.  T-47s are entirely unexpected and extremely powerful against a variety of decks, which I will discuss below.

Ralltiir Operations
I designed this deck to take out Ralltiir Operations with ease.  Your opponent certainly will not be accustomed to you deploying cards with power 5 and ability 2 to Ralltiir for a deploy cost of 1.  You can use Romas, Beezer, or Frozen Assets to stop the opponent's reacting on Ralltiir.  You can use Undercover spies or Projections to block their drains at a few sites, and then deploy a ton of speeders to the other two sites.  Do Or Do Not protects Projections from being canceled and Bacta Tank protects your spies from Bubo and Trample.	Commander Wedge can be pulled with Echo Base Garrison and is awesome tech against Search And Destroy.

Space
You can freely drain on the ground at your drain-2 locations and use Landing Claws and the Rebel Leaders to block drains in space.  Yoxgit can be protected under the Hoth shield and keeps retreiving those Landing Claws if the opponent cancels them during their move phase.

Hunt Down
Most Hunt Down decks use exterior sites anyway, so you should have a tremendous advantage already.  Simply beat down Vader at the dokcing bays or wherever with raw power.  Honor Of The Jedi deals with Visage quite nicely.  Civil Disorder is the real clincher against this deck.'