---
layout: post
author: Derek "UnknownGlyph" Tessier
title: 'I'll Bring Pain, You Bring Wine'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-02-04
description: ! 'Basically this deck is meant to go to the DS to annoy their strategy.  But if they screw if up themselves it has enough ( i think ) to win.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (8)
Kessel
Raithal
Tatooine
Tatooine Desert
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Tatooine Lars' Moisture Farm
Tatooine Tosche Station

Characters (17)
Beru Lars
Captain Han Solo  x2
Commander Wedge Antilles  x2
Derek 'Hobbie' Kilivan  x2
Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2
Master Luke  x2
Obi-Wan Kenobi	x2
Owen Lars
Theron Nett  x2
Wyron Serper

Vehicles (4)
Rogue 3  x2
Rogue 4  x2

Starships (4)
Millennium Falcon  x2
Red 10	x2

Interrupts (19)
Ambush
Careful Planning
Courage Of A Skywalker
Gift Of The Mentor
Glancing Blow
Harvest  x3
Moving To Attack Position
Nabrun Leids
Narrow Escape  x2
Out Of Nowhere	x2
Put That Down
Swing-And-A-Miss
Transmission Terminated
Warrior's Courage  x2

Effects (6)
Aim High
Hiding In The Garbage
Kessel Run  x2
Reflection
The Planet That It's Farthest From

Weapons (2)
Anakin's Lightsaber
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber
'

Strategy: '

Realized I made some errors on the card list. Junland waste isn't LS duh So put Tatooine Jabba's Palace there.  And Hiding In The Garbage should be No Disintegrations  sorry my bad	)






Now depending what the DS deploys for Objective.  If they play one decides how you start.  But normally just play a tat site and careful planning for the other.  Sometimes you may deploy planet the planning for site.

This deck has doubles for the reason of getting them when you need them.  Both spaceships can complete the kessel run.	Both have immunity to attrition.  So you can go to the air if you need to.  If the walkers come out...or AT-ST then go with the snow speeders for moving across the globe.  Then of course there are the big beat done characters.

There are 3 ways to retrieve force.  Kessel Run, harvest or reflection.  So usually one of these works without a hitch.

Before you go and deploy like crazy see what the DS is doing and figure out where to do the most damage.  If he's going heavy bounty hunting.	Sit a starship at ord-mandel, if he's going with hunt down make sure you have the few safety cards in your hand incase.  If DS hit the ground with the big machines.  You'll have to do a big ambush and force retrieve your losses.

There are cards in the deck that slow down or stop some popular decks but I know not all cards can be included.  I'm sure I forgot some but, I haven't found trouble as of yet.

Thanks for you time, and the review.

Glyph  '