---
layout: post
author: ! Chris "Grand Nagus" Hunter
title: ! "Ham Salad and the Get Fresh Crew"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-01-21
description: ! "This deck has some good beats along with some retrieval and a sting when the EJP Objective is flipped."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective
You Can Either Profit By This.../Or Be Destroyed

Locations (9)
Tatooine x2
Tatooine Anchorhead
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Obi's Hut
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber

Starships (4)
Redemption
Millenium Falcon
RL in R1
GL in G1

Characters (18)
Artoo
See-Threepio
Threepio
Harc Seff
Tamtel Skreej
Orimaarko
Boushh
Leia w/ Glock x2
Ben Kenobi x2
Han w/ Glock x2
General Solo (Starting)
Chewie w/ Glock x2
Master Luke x2

Green Cards (3)
Landing Claw
Anakin's Stick
Obi's Stick

Effects (7)
Traffic Contol
A Gift
Wise Advice
Bacta Tank
Tatooine Celebration
WAYTTPOU
Goo Nee Tay

Interrupts (18)
Sorry About the Mess
Shocking Info
Skywalkers
Gift of the Mentor
I Know
Life Debt
Glancing Blow
Courage of a Skywalker
Swing-and-a-Miss
Nabrun Leids
Captive Pursuit
Someone Who Loves You
Ambush
Don't Forget the Droids
The Signal
Transmission Terminated x2


'

Strategy: '

This deck is still in the development stages so any comments would be appreciated.

The idea is to use Captive Pursuit, Corellian Retort, Someone Who Loves You, Sorry About the Mess, Master Luke, and Ambush to release Han as soon as possible.	General Solo will cancel destiny with Chewie or Orimaarko so take care to cancel that destiny and battle battle battle.  Start with Goo Nee Tay against anything that doesn't look like SAC.  Setup Tat Celeb and retrieve when possible.

vs. Ops.- This deck could benefit from a Battle Plan here.  Although this is a meta decision for me since ops isn't big in my area.  Otherwise beat up people, retrieve with Celebration and you should stay ahead of the curve.

vs. Big Blue- Fight alot.  I've had tremendous succes against big blue decks so far so let me know if you've got some nit picks here.  Redemption/Bacta Tank will help alot.

vs. Manipulation- Again not really big in my area although it does pop up.  That's what the Shock and Grabber are for.  Adjust as with above if the meta is different for you.

vs. Hunt Down/Dueling- This is the big deck here right now thanks to Mara Jade.  That's why I play all the duel cards [Glancing, Courage, and Swing-although they do have other uses for this deck as well], Ben, and sabers.	You also have the Visage counters including Boushh if need be.

vs. ISB- Same as ops.  This isn't that big in my area either although the suggested remedy is a Battle Plan and lots of fighting.

Any other comments then please let me know. '