---
layout: post
author: ! Justin "hoostino" Warren
title: ! "Soul Reaver"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-05-18
description: ! 'This is Killeen-style Revo. He and I built this for the Texas State Championships, where it went undefeated with myself at the helm.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (7)
Yavin 4 Throne Room
Farm
Swamp
Rendevous Point
Dagobah Yodas Hut
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Jabbas Palace Entrance Cavern

Characters (14)
Obi-Wan Kenobi (3x)
Ben Kenobi
Master Luke (4x)
Captain Han Solo (2x)
Leia With Blaster Rifle (2x)
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa

Weapons (4)
Obi-Wans Lightsaber (2x)
Anakins Lightsaber (2x)

Starships (2)
Millenium Falcon (2x)

Creatures (2)
Nudj (2x)

Interrupts (19)
Sense (5x)
Alter (2x)
Smoke Screen (2x)
Nabrun Leids (2x)
The Signal (3x)
Effective Repairs (2x)
Glancing Blow
Courage Of A Skywalker
Careful Planning

Effects (12)
Revolution (7x)
Whatre You Tryin To Push On Us? (2x)
Mantellian Savrip
Order To Engage
Traffic Control '

Strategy: '

 
This is an updated version of Matt Lush’s You Ain’t Activating Jack deck. He and I rebuilt it for 2000 Texas States, and I took it, going 3-0 with only one close game. This deck is a plague that has no cure, as it rarely can be shut down completely. It is a machine, and is designed to choke the living crap out of the opponent. Crush and two Evaders just isn’t an adequate cure for this deck.

Here’s how it works 
If the opponent starts Crush, you need to find a grabber. With 3 Signals and two grabbers, it ain’t gonna be hard. Usually, you will have one of the other in your starting hand. First turn, deploy a Nudj and wait if they start Crush. If not, Revo any locations if possible. If they start Crush, wait. Next turn, activate and Revo what you can and save three Force and wait for them to play Evader and grab it. Sure they cancel your Revo(s), but you have 5 more. Plus, Effective Repairs retrieves the ones they cancel. If the opponent does not start Crush, they have little to no chance of winning, as you will choke them to hell. And in turn, you get huge activation, giving you a jump on everything. The SAC is for universal counters. Throw down your mains and regulate with SAC, Savrip, and Smoke Screen. Traffic Control is a kickass way to set up destinies, and I usually need it as this deck draws a lot. The two 1/1 Drain +1 sites are for Come Here You Big Coward. If the opponent is playing a space deck, the Super Falcon will wipe them out. Anything else should be self-explanatory.

Cards Considering 
Civil Disorder (couldn’t find room) 
Tunnel Vision (its nice, but only a luxury) 

Vs. ROps 
This is a tough contest if they start Crush, if not you will win. Revo Raltiir system and deploy the Super Falcon to stop their flip and they are screwed. If they do flip, your mains will be able to fight them off some sites and keep them unflipped.

Vs. ISB 
This is easy unless they get a bunch of sites in their starting hand. You Revo Coruscant quick and they will be forced to blow an Evader on that one Revo and after it is grabbed, they are assed out. If they get set up, chase them down and kill them with Smoke Screen and Savrip. A key advantage you will have if they start Crush is them not starting IAO, allowing you to do the Nabrun beatdown until they can find it.

Vs. Hunt Down 
No Crush, no chance. The Force jump you get will give you all the opportunities to kill them. I have the duel defense.

Vs. Court 
Center your mains in the chamber and drive them out. Once they start running away, kill them with OTE. Smoke Screen takes a lot of aliens to the lost pile...

Track Record'