---
layout: post
author: ! edmund "edmund" gray
title: ! "Court Occupation"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-09
description: ! 'Use court as a set up for occupation.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Start(8)

Court
AC
Dungeon
Pit
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Points
You Cannot Hid Forever
Oppressive or Resistance

Locations(5)

Tantooine x2
Executor DB
DSII DB
Tantooine DB

Characters(20)

Lord Vader x2
Tarkin
Mara
Igar
Aloo
Merrejk
Godhert
ECC 4-lom
U-3p0
Jabba the Hutt
Djas Puhr
Malar
Jodo Kast
Danz Borin
Dr. Evazen
Dannik Jerriko
Niado
EPP Boba
ECC Ig 88

Weapons(2)

Vader&#8217;s ls
Mara&#8217;s ls

Ships(6)

Bossk
Zuckuss
Dengar
Executor
Chimera
Dreadnaught

Vehicles(2)

Tempest 1
Blizzard 2

Effects(7)

Resistance
There&#8217;ll be hell to pay
Tantooine Occupation
Battle Order
Search and Destroy
Presence of the Force x2
Security Precautions


Interrupts(10)

Ghhhk
Sniper x2
Elis Helrot x2
Twileck x2
Alter x2


'

Strategy: '

Court lets you start with 2 tantooine battlegrounds and pull another, so it’s the perfect set up for occupation.

Start pulling DBs and plop scrubs to start activating tons.  About 2-3rd turn pull Mara and saber to AC.  From there you should be well on your way to dominating Tantooine with the massive activation and frightening amount of characters.  After you get Tantooine out (ideally via Merrejk) fortify it with a pulled executor (via MP) and the bounty hunter ships (via Court).

Do not forget about the court damage if your opponent is not on Tantooine, and do not forget that the bounty hunters are forfeit +2.

You cannot hide forever lets you pull security precautions, search and destroy, and battle order-pull whatever would help you most (duh).

Godhert destroys those pesky landing claws and is a great scrub.

v. EBO

Start resistance instead of oppressive and wait to deploy Tantooine until you can control it.  With resistance you can ignore EBO and set up Occupation and generally Battle order or search and destroy can be used to hurt the opponent bad. Pull Mara and saber first turn for a steady force drain of 2. when they come to Tantooine just Elis on their as s and they’ll be off really quick.  You will normally win this match up by about 10 because of all the direct damage and reduced drains (via resistance).	Dengar is key to keeping Tantooine don’t lose him

v. Profit

This deck will beat profit decks most of the time by 15+.  You have a wide variety of Aliens to choose, I generally choose Mara and Evazen then move to Jabba’s Palace once they start saving force.  Battle order/beatdowns/snipers/elis/dannik/evazen/4-lom should be able to tame most profit decks into submission, set up occupation and you should be able to out damage your opponent.

v. Hidden base

Ignore them, set up occupation, and pull Security precautions and the executor and probe Tantooine so you take no battle damage and if needed pull the bounty hunter ships and probe some more.  Battle Order/Search and Destroy/Dengar should prove to be game winners.

v. TIGIH

Capture Luke and laugh, as there is no way in hell they are taking Tantooine.  If its speeders put Mara in the AC with her saber and  Presence.  Move for free to the Hoth db via the Executor or DSII db and cancel Incom.  Sniper ASPs.  This game should be really easy especially when you consider all the alien power just incase you can’t find Vader don’t deploy any Imps.  Set up occupation and fortify.  This matchup shouldn’t prove to be too hard.

I can’t think of any other popular LS decks, but it should beet most.  This deck wins if you play it right, just set up Occupation and you should be well on your to victory.

edmund '