---
layout: post
author: ! Mike "Maddux" Patterson
title: ! "Rendili VSD Space"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-06-13
description: ! 'This decks focuses on draining in space and controlling the ground drains with undercovered probe droids. Hidden Base is quite popular in my area, and this deck does quite well against it. You might say I built it just for it.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Rendili Space

Starting (5)
Rendilli
Surface Defense
There is No Try
Resistance
Secret Plans

Locations (10)
D
Corsucant
Kashhykk
Endor x2
Kiffex x2
Corulag
Carida
Fondor

Characters (6)
Probe droid x5
U-3PO

Starships (19)
Executor
Avenger
Victory Class Star Destroyer x4
Devestator
Dreadnaught x3
Boba Fett in Slave I
Dengar in Punishing One
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Iggy in Ship
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Tie Defender Mark I x4

Weapons and Devices (3)
SFS Laser Cannons x2
Homing Beacon

Effects (9)
Oppressive Enforcement
Rendilli Star Drive
Undercover x4
Reactor Terminal
POTF x2

Interrupts (8)
Masterful Move
Twi’lek Advisor x2
I can’t shake him x2
Oh, Switch Off x2
Shut him up or shut him down

'

Strategy: '

I brought this deck to a tourney I won last weekend. I wanted to bust out a different style of DS space and I'd never seen Rendili played before...so I thought..what the heck.

Two big strategies in my area are Hidden Base and the super falcon. Who doesn't face those decks? Anyway, this deck deals with both nicely. I can fight a HB deck with the multitude of Big Blue I have at my disposal. Getting some retrieval with probing probe droids is a nice bonus as well. The cannons are for those ships that cause me problems and of course, the super falcon. There is nothing like shooting down the super falcon against an opponent who's not expecting it.

The biggest problem I have is against Profit. I can blanket their drains, but I can't stop the force loss due to their mains. I just have to spread a bit thin and drain at my key systems, adding presenseOTF where needed.

This deck should handle a M&T deck. Play Oh switch off to cancel their SATM's. If you do run up against R3P0, run away I did have a restraining bolt in here, but took it out recently. I might decide to put it back in in place of SHUOSHD.

Against Ops...just blanket their sites with Undercover spies.

Yavin Throne Jump. If they play revo -- you have to keep drawing for your systems, but with 10 systems..your bound to get enough force going. And if he does revo, you have some fat drains available to you.

This is another deck that's not "top" notch, but fun to play. Don't expect to crush people with this, but it should hold up on it's own.

Hope you like it.

Feel free to email me with questions. maddux@wt.net

=======
Someone pointed out to me that Homing Beacon won't work with this deck. I had it in there originally when I used more characters (specifically leaders). So I need to swap that card out for another Anti Landing claw. Probably Those rebels won't escape us OR I'd just as soon kiss a wookie.

Mike  '