---
author: Jamie "JEEBS" Giberti
title: The Ayatolla of Rock and Rolla
side: Dark
date: 2000-09-18
description: Or Darth vader, Dark Lord of The Sith to his friends
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting:

Hunt Down and Destroy The Jedi
Epic Duel
Visage of The Emperor
Executor: Holotheatre
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Prepared Defenses
Crush The Rebellion
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order (9)

Locations:

Rendelli
Executor: Docking Bay
Death Star 2: Docking Bay
Death Star 2: Throne Room
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Tusken Canyon (6)

Effects:

No Escape
Oppressive Enforcement
Emperor’s Power
Security Precautions
Image of The Dark Lord
2 x Visage Of The Emperor (7)

Weapons:

2 x Vader’s Lightsaber
Mara’s Lightsaber (3)

Starships:

Bossk In Bus
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Dominator
Chimaera (4)

Characters:

Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Lord Vader
2 x Darth Vader
2 x Grand Moff Tarkin
2 x Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Emperor Palpatine
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Iggy with Riot Gun
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle
Dr. Evazan (14)

Interrupts:

2 x Vader’s Obcession
2 x The Circle Is Now Complete
2 x Focused Attack
2 x I Have You Now
2 x Weapon Levitation
2 x Imperial Barrier
2 x Counter @#$%ault
Sniper
Evader
Masterful Move (17)


Strategy: 

NB: Pull the sniper for a reactor terminal, i had a brain fart

This is a fun Hunt Down dueling deck i came up with last night after getting back from a tourney being dis-satisfied with my court deck. Usual HD start, No Escape can be exchanged for Crush if you want, I prefer Crush, to get I have you Now out. Get Rendelli straight away, and get the ds2 docking bay for good early generation. Basically then go and battle the opponent wherever they are. The destiny is this deck is fantastic, so attrition will get the if the lightsabers dont. Weapon Lev is fantastic (Props to Peter Di Biasio for showing me that one), nicking Jedi Lukes saber is especially good, reducing his power, immunity and defense value, thats sweet!I have you now will lay the smack down, Evader is for keeping Vader Alive, or for any unlikely Revos that will show up. Emperors Power is a nice extra, though not necessary. Janus Greejatus is god, the man is the most tech card ever printed, makes reactor terminal almost unneccessary (but still worth having). There is a wide range of characters to avoid the OOC situation where in the event Vader dies, u have other characters to work with.

VS Profit

HD is Profits worst opponent, its nearly always kills it. Start Mara and Boba or Dr E, and U can bring vader First turn thanks to the 2 force they give you. Control the AC, beat down anything they send your way. Ancearly frustration might make them lose a crucial card (an extra han maybe). if they do flip, send the squad after Han, nick him with Iggy, or just kill him. Easy win

VS Tat Mains

they normally pack 3 Luke and 3 Ben, so if you can eliminate them with Epic Duels, then they wont have that much left to have a go with. Epic dueling Luke with Mara is probably safer, just in case you fear the worst (or do it with untracked destiny). Emperor, Sim, and Janus can lay some beats down too if neccessary. (if you fear this, pull boba and put dannik in)

VS TIGIH

Interesting. For God sake, dont let them win more than 2 battles, Keep your forces in groups or you will be asking for it big time. Epic dueling Luke will Obviously finish them ,so try to get it done, Track your destiny and play focused, to guarantee turning the boy (or losing him, if thats what they want). Then drain them out or beat down the remaining characters.

VS Throne Room Mains

See Tat Mains. Start No Escape so you deploy cheap on yavin and start draining there.

VS Dagobah

Spread out and drain. Occupy 3 Battlegrounds so Visage Hurts Them. By The Time they flip, it shou,d be nearly over. If this is big near you, pull Evader and put in CHYBC.

VS HB

Go about it as normal, then when they flip, probe them and do some damage. Will be tough, but is still there to be won, .... or lost. May come down to the draw.  