---
layout: post
author: ! Walter "Walter" Cowart
title: ! "Why you shouldnt use the new LS obj "
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-01-26
description: ! " This deck has performed amazing so farbeating just about every popular LSby alot(30+most of the time). DS Jabba'sPalace is pretty strong these days."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations(7)
Tatooine
TatooineJabba's Palace
JPEntrance Cavern
JPAudience Chamber
JPDungeon
JPDroid Workshop
JPRancor pit

Ships(5)
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter x2
Dengar in Punishing one
Bossk in bus
Jabba's Space Cruiser

Weapon(1)
Mara Jades Lightsaber

Creatures(1)
Bubo

Characters(17)
Mara Jade x2
Jabba the Hutt
Jabba
Boba Fett w/gun x2
Djas Puhr
Brangus Glee
Boelo
Chall Bekan
Outer Rim Scout x2
Galid
IG-88 w/gun x2
4-Lom w/gun x2

Effects(10)
There'll be Hell to pay
Resistance
Battle Order
No Bargain
Bad Feeling Have I
Scum and Villany x2
Tatooine Occupation
Presence of the Force
Secret Plans

Interrupts(19)
Twi'lek Advisor x3
None Shall Pass x2
Elis Helrot x2
Alter x2
Control x3
Masterful Move
Monnok
Hidden Weapons
Hutt Smooch
Imperial Barrier
Shocking Revelation
Conbat Rediness
'

Strategy: '

Always start Tatooine/Combat Rediness/Jabba's Palace as it sets up excellent activation that increases fairly quickly. You automatically have both theaters in which to battle(the deck's strength). Pull sites every turn and find needed
effects(not hard w/3 twi'lek). Deploy characters
and ships when appropriate(you can set up large
drains/occupation fairly quickly if facing something non-interactive). Battling becomes way more advantageous with Scum and Villany and is therefore encouraged(be it large or small you willalways benefit more.

Breakdown
 The characters are either selected for their high ability or specials skills that increase
battle destiny/force activation/force drains.
Being able to fire multiple weapons and draw more
destinies will turn almost any battle in your favor. I consider the Outer Rim Scout a sort
of 'filler' as they are a good addition to space as well as ground(with upwards of 6 forfeit).

The space array consists of only 5 ships but thats
enough w/the retrieval backing it. 2 Zuckuss in mist hunter simply because its the best ship in the game(even better w/ECC 4-Lom on it).

The effects are either crucial to how the deck works or are crucial to beating good decks.
Most are immune to alter and the ones that arent
are protected through interrupts.

Interrupts are pretty self-explanitory too.
Elis allows you to devote to the Audience Chamber while still having beatdown power through transport. None Shall Pass and Imperial Barrier for defense and control(great when constantly being retrieved)and alter for SAC defense/effect
elimination.

vs.Hidden Base
Set up a drain or two at JP and go to them. Jabba
in his cruiser along with the other ships and multiple destinies will win this one. If they have
a ground assault it will prove too weak in the end. I don't use Security Precautions due to the recent lack of 'good' Hidden Base in my area. If
this changes the card will be added.

vs.Mind What you Have Learned
Get Bad Feeling and No Bargain out quick. They will have to come to you if they hope to win and you can then proceed to murder them. Landing on Dagobah and killing Yoda/Leia to cancel Great Warrior is even possible(hehe)

vs.Throne Room/Nudj
Almost the same as above except this deck is a little faster. Shock will handle Oola and Revolution doesn't hurt at all. Again No Bargain
and Bad Feeling will be key.

vs.Ops
Battle Order helps alot but this could become a tough fight none the less. You'll have to go to them and battle as much as you can(and quickly).
Tatooine Occupation can't be modified by the flip
of their objective therefore increasing the damage
to 'above average'. In the end the retrieval will
let you come out on top.

vs.New EJP Objective
Convert the palace right off the bat and then 1st
turn convert the Audience Chamber. This decktype
is weak and is hurt even more by my decks start.
There should be no reason why you should lose to this deck.

If they start Obi-Hut and convert my JP I could have problems but It isn't popular and I still think I could pull off a win.

This deck is very flexible and can win every game if played right.

Enjoy
Walter

'