---
layout: post
author: Christopher "Thrawn" Hanudel
title: 'A Hunker Of A Bunker'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-26
description: 'This deck uses Perimeter Patrol, IAO, and Organa's Necklace to setup some fast, big, and safe drains on Endor.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Objective

Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost

Characters (15)

Darth Vader
Darth Vader Dark Lord Of The Sith
Grand Moff Tarkin
Mara Jade
Major Marquand
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Lieutenant Grond
Corporal Drelosyn
Admiral Ozzel
Sergeant Barich
Sergeant Elsek
Corporal Avarik
Lieutenat Arnet
Navy Trooper Fenson x2

Locations (8)

Endor
Endor: Bunker
Endor: Landing Platform
Endor: Dark Forest
Endor: Ewok Village
Endor: Forest Clearing
Endor: Back Door
Yavin IV: Docking Bay

Starships, Vehicles, and Weapons (14)

Zuckess In Mist Hunter
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Boba Fett In Slave One
Devastator
Dreadnaught
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 5
Vaders Lightsaber
Mara Jades Lightsaber

Effects (13)

Reactor Terminal
Oppressive Enforcement
Bad Feeling Have I
Imperial Arrest Order x2
Organas Ceremonial Necklace x2
There Is No Try
Perimeter Patrol
Ominous Rumors
Battle Order
Establish Secret Base
Security Precautions

Interrupts (9)

Twilek Advisor x5
Imperial Barrier x2
Ghhhk x2 

Strategy: 

This deck can be a lot of fun especially if you get out fast and then you can just sit back and drain.  Anyway on to the deck plan.  Against any deck I start Perimeter Patrol on Bunker with Twilek Advisor.  Then use the Twileks to get Imperial Arrest Order and Organas Necklace.  Then use IAO to pull the Yavin docking bay and then slap an Imp and the Necklace on him and send him over to Endor for some big drains.  This deck has great drain potential I once drained a kid for 16 in one turn!  The key to this deck is to get out and drain fast and early.   Here is what to do against certain decks:

Hidden Base:

Use Twilek to get Security Precautions out and make sure you get some ships in your hand.  Then try to get some drains going if he flips then probe his base if not then you crush him with drains.  You probably dont even need to flip.

Mains and Toys:

Try to get out There is No Try and Oppressive Enforcement also slap down Bad Feeling or Navy Trooper Fenson to slow then down.	If they start draining big get out Battle Plan and try to beat them down in their weak spots.  You should be able to win any drain race.

Opperatives:

Now you might think that this kind of deck might be its weakness, but dont worry as long as your get drains going then you should be fine.  Against this kind of deck get Battle Plan out soon and then get things ready to flip your objective.  Now what are you going to do when they flip their obj and they make all your drain 1?  This is when you flip your obj and then they cant make any of your drains 1 any more, too bad.  After that you should be able to win the drain race.

Profit:

Like I have been saying get out and drain, especially with this kind of deck cause they wont be able to drain ya until they flip.  When they do flip crush Han with Darth, IG-88, or something good.  By they flip you should have your drains all setup and then they stand no chance.

I should explain some cards:

Imperial Barrier and Ghhhk are to protect from alien attacks or if the Rebels somehow get though.  Now you ask why the speeder bike pilots?  Well, they are cheep to deploy, they are forfeit 5 with IAO, and they help you flip the objective.  You can still take some out to put in AT-STs, but I like the speeder pilots better.  Anyway, I think the rest is self-explanatory.  Have fun!
