---
author: drew "drew man1" scott
title: 'LS got no stick against walkers and vader'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-13
description: 'powerful hunt down ready against any type of deck.won me a couple local tournaments placed high in states.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

STARTING JUNK
HDADTJ
visage of the emperor
holotheatre
med. chamber
prepared defenses
imperial arrest order
mobilization points
Players choice, dependant on what opponent is playing

CHARACTERS
darth vaderX2
DLOTS X2
lord vader
cabbal evax
watts
marquand
ig-88 w/ gun
4-lom w/gun
sim aloo
janus greatus
ds-61-4
commander igar
mara jade
arnet
ds-61-2
ds-61-3
ozzle
emperor
BLUE CARDS
blizzard walker X2
tempest 1
blizzard 2
Flagship executer
avenger
devastater
bossk in ship
fett in ship
zuckuss in ship
dreadnaught

EFFECTS
oppresive enforcement
secret plans
come here you big coward
lateral damage
imperial decree
crush the rebellion
no escape
battle order
search and destroy
visage of the emporer
you cannot hide forever
security percautions

INTERRUPTS
i have you now X2
trample X2
operational as planned
evader

LOCATIONS
rendilli
death * docking bay
endor docking bay

WEAPONS
vader sabre


Strategy: 

OK the deck is self explanatory basically. but let me walk you through what i usually do. first i usually pull rendilli and a DB then i put a 2-2 guy down for extra activation early. then i draw for a vader unlessi have one. next pull the other DB and drop vaderwere the 2-2 guy is for protection. Then I slowly fortify the DB’s and see what my opponent does.
	 against HB search and destroy combined with visage and force drains is usually to much for hidden base. and you can pull security per. and search and destroy from the deck with you cannot hide forever so it should be and easy win most of the time.
	  against MWYHL hurt them with the most damage you can before they flip and retieve there 10. usually if you can stop thier retrieving you will win. (secret plans and CHYBC help alot)
	  against profit.... ewww this is a tough won. this is the deck i mostly have problems with but if you can just fight the mains and take over tatooine with walkers and vader and you are counting you should beable to find yourself victorious in the end.
	  Rescue the princess... HEh HEh HEh you will rip it to shreads. Secret plans hurts so you might want to start with it. also when you get vader move him into the waroom and drain for 2 for a few turns. Then back him up. Remember leia is a skywalker so she can not do jack. Very easy win, when theyflip who cares you should have been able yo do enough damage to them.
	 a lot of questions about this deck are why only 1 sabre, the answer to this is the destiny in this deck are very low so they are not real helpful thier, also the deck just doesnt have the space for it.
	 Also alot of people are wondering why the executer is in thier, well its thier if you need it and its destiny 4 (or 5 if oppresive is out.) I only use it if it is needed.
	 I hope you have enjoyed reading this deck and will give it a fair review.

