---
layout: post
author: ! Clint "GameMaster" Hays
title: ! "Denver GS Champion s LS  Grab My SAC "
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-04
description: ! "this is a pretty popular decktype but there's a reason for that.  its the best there is.  this one is very tough."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'yavin4mains.deck - Tue Apr 04 193332 2000


Unknown Type
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Endor Chief Chirpa's Hut
Farm
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Rendezvous Point
Swamp
Tatooine Obi-Wan's Hut
Yavin 4 Massassi Headquarters
Yavin 4 Massassi Throne Room

Characters (17)
Boussh
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2
Luke With Lightsaber  x3
Obi-Wan Kenobi	x3
Oola
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Wedge Antilles

Creatures (2)
Nudj  x2

Starships (3)
Millennium Falcon
Spiral
Tantive IV

Interrupts (19)
Alter  x2
Careful Planning
Clash Of Sabers
Nabrun Leids  x2
Out Of Commission  x2
Sense  x3
Shocking Information
Skywalkers
Smoke Screen
The Signal
Transmission Terminated  x2
Tunnel Vision  x2

Effects (7)
Bacta Tank
Battle Plan
Civil Disorder
Draw Their Fire
Mantellian Savrip
Order To Engage
Revolution

Weapons (2)
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber  x2
'

Strategy: '

note to all kangaroo @#$%ers  this deck bends rops over like a kid at kangaroo camp.  i beat 3 rops decks in denver.  they were played by steve brentson(2 time world finalist), another expert player who is #3 in tatooine, and a 1900+ player from tatooine.  the wins were by 17, 30, and 21 respectively.  so dont tell me it cant beat rops.


it seems i made a mistake and forgot to correct the deckmaker file.  the cloud city carbonite chamber should be the lower corridor


ok some card choices...

no odds defense...who's playing dark odds these days?	that's right.	nobody.

no duel defense...the deck is tight.  the was i see it...if dark is dueling and they really want to win the duel they will beat me regardless of my protection unless i wanna run 4 anti-duel cards and that's not happening

tunnel visions...this card is great...im activating a lot of force...i have cards that work well together...i'll get them during control phase instead of drawing.

skywalkers...3 leias and 3 lukes...why not...and its good for barriers.  picked it over dont get @#$%y and gift because han and luke already get destinies and obi and luke usually dont see each other.


now how to win


operatives- signal for battle order instead of careful planning for generics.  if you dont you lose.  boussh will help you drain on their planet.  battle them away and use order to engage and bacta tank as well as savrip.

isb- use draw their fire and order to engage to your advantage.  force advantage will give you the game.  just battle them to death.

court- get obi to the ac earlier.  use other characters to battle them to death and use civil disorder to take advantage of their lack of force.

hdadtj- cancel visage asap.  try to out of commission vader.  force advantage is key.  overwhelm them with battles

rops- if you see rops chalk up another win.  force advantage is huge.  obi on their planet early gives you the game.  save up characters to flip them back and use your ships to beat them out of space.


'