---
layout: post
author: ! Blake "Zurai" Senn
title: ! "Forest of the Night - RalOps"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-09
description: ! "DS2 enhanced Ral Ops. Wasn't going to post it at first b/c of Regionals soon, but I want to get some opinions."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start - 6
RalOps
Raltiir
Prepared Defenses
Oppressive Enforcement
Imperial Arrest Order
Battle Order

Locations - 8
Jungle
Forest
Swamp
Coruscant
Kaskyyyk
Dagobah Cave
Wampa Cave
Ice Plains

Characters - 20
Vader w/ Saber x2
Mara Jade
Lt. Commander Ardan
Officer Evax
Admiral Ozzel
DS-61-2
Iggy w/ gun
AT-ST Pilot x3
Colonel Davod Jon
Commander Merrejk
Commander Igar
General Veers
General Tagge
Sim Aloo
Dengar w/ gun
Bane Malar
Djas Puhr

Vehicles - 5
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 5
Blizzard Scout 1

Starships - 5
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Zuckuss in MH
Bossk in Bus
Chimaera
Devastator

Effects - 3
Reactor Terminal
Imperial Decree
Secret Plans

Interrupts - 9
Alter
Sense x2
Omni Box
Imperial Command x2
MMove x2
Trample

Weapons - 1
Mara's Stick

Admiral's Orders - 3
We're In Attack Position x2
Battle Deployment'

Strategy: '

First off, this deck is based somewhat on the Martin/Maarten RalOps deck, so I freely acknowledge the creator(s) of that deck here.

This deck works like most RalOps decks, with a couple little twists from DS2, which I'll explain below.

Admirals's Orders
Battle Deployment
lets you search for a walker each turn and keeps those EPP's from drawing multi destinies, but this is only for use at the early and early-mid game stages of the game. Once you've set up on Raltiir, switch to We're In Attack Position.

WIAP
Strengthens your space slightly, but the big reason for using this is the following "During each of your control phases, opponent loses 1 Force for each battleground site your general or commander controls that is related to a system you occupy." Can we say, Raltiir Occupation? I thought so. With 2 Generals and 3 commanders, you should be able to control those 3 raltiir sites (and maybe some offworld) for the occupation-like effect of the AO.

Interrupts
Imperial Command
Pure tech. Destiny 4 used interrupt that A) lets you grab an Admiral or general from Reserve (see above for applications of Generals), B) lets you add a destiny if you have an Admiral or General in their correct theatre (space and ground, respectively), or C) lets you prevent opponent from drawing mutliple destiny in a like situation. This can kill the Super Falcon if the opponent isn't ready for it. It also puts a damper on EPP hit-squads.

Starships
Chimaera
Ability 2, immune to less than 4. Enough said.

Characters
Colonel Davod Jon
He's the man for holding down a site. Power 3, ability 2, but when he's at an exterior planet site, he gets +2 power, a destiny draw, and immune to less than 3. Plus, he can cancel Surprise Assault in certain situations.

Commander Merrejk
He's a commander, so that's a plus right away. Also, he's a pilot and he can grab battleground systems from the deck (only Kashyyyk, but that's 1 less 0 and leaves you free to use your objective for something else).

Sim Aloo
Power 3, Ability 4, Immune to less than 4, and he can screw with the opponent's destiny tracking for 1 force. Sounds like a deal to me.

Other Misc. Info
Battle Order isn't set in stone as the third starting effect, that can be switched to Plans or Decree depending on the opponent's start. BO is default b/c it is likely to slow the opponent the most.

Omni Box screws up destiny tracking and Baragwins, plus it's a recycling 5.

I decided to go a little lower on AT-STs because I wanted lots of characters that could draw destiny solo. Plus, I can grab one each turn once I find Battle Deployment (ie, as soon as I flip).

Questions to readers
Should I use more space with DS2 seeming to boost space a lot?

Should I take out some characters for AT-STs? If so, which ones?

Would I be better off taking out the limited SAC for some other stuff, like catch cards or Monnoks?

What other effects might be good to include?

Do I have enough locations to be effective early on?



Thanks for reading this far (If you didn't read this far, well, you suck). Please respond to my questions, either in your reviews or by d-mail.
'