---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "MadSkills84" Pistone
title: ! "The Ultimate Profit Deck v  2 0"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-08
description: ! 'Here is a much improved profit deck that is basically the same but updated to be able to contend with more decks.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting
You Can Either Profit By This / Or Be Destroyed
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Tatooine Audience Chamber
Han
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Uh-Oh
Wise Advice
Your Insight Serves You Well

Locations
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Rendezvous Point
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Tatooine Cantina

Characters
Ben Kenobi x3
Master Luke x3
EPP Han x2
Chewbacca
Boushhh
EPP Leia
Tessek x2
Rennek
Yoxgit
Elom x7
H'nemthe x2

Starships
Gold Leader In Gold 1

Weapons and Devices
Luke's Lightsaber
Obi's Lightsaber
Landing Claw

Interrupts
The Signal x2
You Will Take Me To Jabba Now x2
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes x2
Someone Who Loves You x2
Sorry About The Mess
Courage Of A Skywalker
Glancing Blow

Effects
Bo Shuda
Yarna D'al Gargan
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us
Battle Plan
Order To Engage
Bargaining Table
Honor Of The Jedi
Bacta Tank



'

Strategy: '

Ok, you always start the exact same cards.	Once you realize there is no chance of numbers you can kick Your Insight for a better effect (which should be chose based on gameplay situation).  Try for quick flip whenever possible to increase damage, but if you don't have any mains or bad hand, you might as well wait until you can set it up right.  Always keep Han and the other aliens at the ac.  If Han dies, which does happen, put him somewhere else, preferably with Ben so he can keep coming back.

Here's how you play against some of the matchups

Vs. Ties
Speed drain.  Flip ASAP and drain drain drain.	Pull Out Battle Plan to slow their drains down, while continuing to drain and cause profit damage.  If they put out a capital ship, landing claw on to it.  Just drain basically.

Vs. HuntDown or other deck with dueling.

Dueling cards are in there for a reason, they should be used against dueling.  Pull Honor to stop visage damage, drain drain drain.

Vs. BHBM

Give them luke ASAP.  Pull Honor of the Jedi to reduce force loss from your destiny.  drain drain drain as usual.  Preferable keep your guys at one or two sites, preferably doing cantina shuffle to start causing more force loss.

Vs. Ral Ops

Let those little eloms go to work.  Overwhelm them with profit damage and battle with eloms.  Not that hard of a matchup.


Always

Remember to cancel drains with bargaining table.
Retrieve with nar shadda wind chimes.
Pull Honor Of The Jedi whenever needed.
Use duel cards when needed.
Use someone who loves you to free han if they stay parked at the ac, or use order to engage combined with bo shuda, and they'll move out fast.
If they put u-3po at a site, sorry about the mess him asap to keep your drain going.

LMK what you think.'