---
layout: post
author: ! michael "Deck" Gemme
title: ! 'PT Boat v2.0'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-07
description: ! 'I blow stuff up with this deck i blew up EPP Han, EPP leia and Ben kenobi witha Bomarr monk at 2 different times at the NYC grand slam and it was phateveryone screamed when i yelled program trap.. this deck will eat you.Another thing is alot of pe'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'
Starting
    OBj Imperial Occupation
    SL Fondor
    SL Forest
    SI The Signal
    SE Opressive Enforcement.

Locations (6)
    Endor
    Kashyyyk (my region)
    Nal Hutta
    Dagobah Cave
    Kessel
    Death Star

Characters (8)
    EPP Vader
    U3po
    4Lom w/ conc rifle
    R5A2 x3
    R4M9 x 2
    CZ4 x 2

Starships (12)
    Devastator
    Avenger
    Executer
    Dreadnaught x4
    DIp1
    Bossk in bus
    BFiS1
    ZiMH
    IGinIG2K

Interrupts (13)
    Twilek Adivisor x2 (not including start)
    Counter Assault x5
    Seld Destruct Mechanism
    Imperial Barrier x2
    Oh Switch off x2
    Monnok

Effects (14)
    Mournful Roar x2
    Secret Plans
    3720-1 x4
    There is no Try
    Program trap x5
    Security Precautions  '

Strategy: '


Me Jesse and OCF made this deck
it kicks ass
i get droids out then play numbers and that whoops your ass then i get a
program trap out where you have some dudes and play counter assaults so
when i cancel your drain i get mad destinies eventually you blow up.. say you
have four guys at the site, a 5 has to be drawn. i cancel your drain.. i draw
four... 7,7,6,5 bam we all die and you lose 7+7+6+5 that = 25 thats half the
game.. ha FUN
anyway otherwise i play space drain as much as i can. blowing stuff up is fun
too so beat that.

Vs OPS.  okay i admit this deck hurts against ops, but it stalls a bit cause you can equally drain them
	 in space.  most likely theyll be playing speeder ops which will hurt your program trapping, but
	 if theyre playing with op partners you can pull a little bit off otherwise play with numbers, they wont
	 lose much but its all youve got

Vs. Profit.  Mainly drain in space like always.  Plug some droids at the audience chamber as quick as you can, get a program
	     trap on one, play numbers, when they come get han deploy vader start a battle and kill everyone, or if they drain just chase em
	     try and get the PT on u3po so you can follow them so when they drain you counter assault and they blow.

vs. Hidden Base.  this is a prob but BH ships can hang with xwing swarm ESPECIALLY if you get the executer out, which is why i use fondor by the way
		  because as you can see there are no fondor ops.. although when i deploy the op objective with fondor people freak out .. well steve brentson did

Vs. Training.  get droids to dag in the bh ships.  blow up yoda & co. with training destinies, drain in space.

vs. EPP swarm.	drain in space when they put all their guys together to drain and protect you smack em with a program trap

vs. weather vane.  youll never play weather vane cause im the only retard that plays a complete vane deck

vs. Dantooine ops.  WHAT? Who plays dantooine ops?

vs. team albany.    GOOD LUCK YOURE GONNA LOSE '