---
layout: post
author: ! Shaun "Gen. Mills" Mills
title: ! "*There is Another*"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-17
description: ! 'This is a cool mind what you have learned deck. uses dos to train,good beatdown.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Mwyhl/syic
Dagobah
hftmf
battle plan
the way of things
wise advice

Locations
Dagobah
Yodas hutt
swamp
bog clearing
jungle
training area
ccCarbonite chamber
Couruscant

Characters
Dos
Liea w/b x2
Han w/b
Captian han solo
Luke w/L x2
Obi w/l x2
cal fal cndros
melas
lando W/b
Chewie w/b

Innterrupt
It could be worse x2
Rebel barrier
On the edge x3
Sense x2
hftmf
Gift of the Mentor
Transmission Terminated x2
Anakin Skywalker
Glancing Blow
The Signal
Alter

Jedi Tests
   {1-6}

Effects
Yodas Hope
What are you trying to push on us?
Wise advice
The way of things
Projection of a Skywalker x2
Traffic Control
I feal the conflict
Honor of the Jedi

Starships
Millenium Falcon
Spiral
Gold leader in gold I
Red Leader in Red I
R2 in red 5

Weapons/devices
Intruder Missle x2
Liea’s blaster rifle
Luke’s backpack
Disruptor Pistol
'

Strategy: '

The is a fun deck to play with. The only stressful part is when it gets close to test 5.
But every one knows what to do then.

Anyway first turn activate get Yoda and Yoda’s hope out, Deploy yoda’s Hutt.	I did it this way so you can have a minimum of 6 foce activation.
Next turn get Dos and the packpack, plus the Traning area, and the first jedi test.  Deploy test #1 to Yodas hutt.  And you can handle it form there.

- Some tips
Make sure to enforce battle plan, It will save you force
-Limit the opponets force drains to a minimum of 2-3
-use your advantage in destiny and "immediatly lost weapons to beatdown the opponent.

You may be asking why I put some cards In here,I disscus some below

1. Liea’s blaster
   This gun is so awesome with a 7 on test 5  Once you get Leia of Dagobah you can shoot even the Emperor "Immediatly Lost" That’s way better than anikins saber.  With this gun will realy Jack them up.

2. Disruptor Pistol
Same as above

3.Glancing blow
Seriously this card is a pain In the A**. What It basically does Is this If you have a character armed with a litsaber loose 1 foce to reduce vaders power to zero OR If your char. has a litsaver in a duel cancel one opponets destiny.
This is a punk card Not only does It reduce vaders power to zero, It can cancel a duel destiny. This Is perfect for ANti- Huntdown of Bring him before me

4.Why Anakin Skywalker and I feal the conflict.
I truly don’t see why people arn’t using these cards too often.  These are killers for the dark side.  First, your going to win battles most of the time with this deck. Might as well make them loose a extra force to I feal...  Second, Almost all decks have Vader. You only, need to win 2 battles to be able to cross vader.  And when you do OH MY *^)&()^ It’s like sticking a neadle through your foot Not only is vader crossed but they loose 6 foce, and If the emperor present he is lost also

5.Honor of the Jedi
i know it is usless now that No escape is out.	But I my experience about 50 -60% of the time dark decks don’t have it.  Even If they have It loose it to a force drain.

Well that’s mainly it. I hope you Like my deck design.  I know I’, not a pro but I hope I’ll be up there some day.

If you have any suggestions of comments about my deck please send me a message.

-Gen. Mills (Shaun Mills)   - Thanks1 '