---
layout: post
author: ! Carson "tarkinsaide" Swanek
title: ! 'Hoth Incom Speeders'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-05-13
description: ! 'A new spin on an old-skool deck'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting3
Hoth Main Power Generators
The Signal
Insurrection

Locations8
Hoth Echo Corridor
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Hoth Snow Trench (2nd Marker)
Hoth Defensive Perimeter (3rd Marker)
Hoth North Ridge (4th Marker)
Spaceport Docking Bay
Dagobah Yodas Hut

Characters18
Captain Han Solo
Jeroen Webb
Orrimaarko
Derek Hobbie Klivan
Cal Alder
Boushh
Obi-Wan w/ lightsaber
Luke w/ lightsaber
Commander Luke Skywalker
Zev Senesca
Elom x3
Incom Engineer x2
Sic-Six
Bron Burs

Vehicles10
Rebel Snowspeeder x7
Rogue 1
Rogue 2
Rogue 4

Effects13
Revolution
Wise Advice
Incom Corporation
Yarna dal Gargan
Crash Site Memorial
Mantellian Savrip
Maneuvering Flaps
Scramble
Bacta Tank
Hoth Sentry
Battle Plan
Whatre You Tryin To Push On Us
Traffic Control

Interrupts8
The Signal x4
Attack Pattern Delta
Transmission Terminated
Glancing Blow
Quite A Mercenary
Sense
'

Strategy: '

Ive decided to do a new spin on an old-skool deck.
I start with the shield generators so the opponent has trouble deploying.  If they dont start a Hoth site with a high marker #, you take the 4th marker into hand.  This deck is very dependent on its effects, which is why I have the rather high number of 4 signals and Alter protection such as sense and wise advice.  My plan is to make it very difficult for them to come to you.  Put Sic-six and Hoth sentry on the 4th marker so they cant elis and their deploy is +1.  Incom corporation is the key to this deck.  pull the Echo Base Docking Bay on the first turn w/ insurrection, then get out Incom Corporation ASAP.  Its also nice to have and Incom Engineer there.  With this combo, your measly little Rebel Snowspeeders are power 3, ability 2, immune to attrition <3, and you can add 2 to your battle destiny draws.  Not bad for only 1 deploy.  Add in Maneuvering Flaps for more fun.  Crash Site Memorial keeps your speeders alive.  Put Cal Alder in a speeder and you only use one force to move all your speeders to any site of your choice.  Bacta Tank is for your key characters.  Revolution is for revolving their key location.  Battle Plan is against decks w/ Battle Order.

vs. HDADTJ  Put Luke/Obi-wan in a speeder @ the 4th marker.  Use Jeroen, Boussh, or Trannie Terminated for Visage.  Try to kick ass.

vs. ROps  This is what the Spaceport Docking Bay is for.  Use it to get your speeders to raltiir and kick ass.  Use the eloms as well.

vs. COTVG Get the speeders to Tatooine with the <>Docking Bay again.  Theyll have trouble capturing you while youre inside.

Well, thats about it.  When you tell me what to put in, tell me what to take out in its place.	They dont allow >60 cards per deck in tourneys around here.
Thanx '