---
layout: post
author: Cat "CatLoneRogue" Ceder
title: 'Giant Flying Purole Kubaz'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-02
description: ! 'Its a fun deck around the new Obj, not necessarily flipping it but non the less its fun.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting Stuff
My Kind Of Scum, Fearless And Inventive
Desert Heart
Jabbas Palace
Prepared Defense
Imperial Arrest Order
There Is No Try
Power Of The Hutt

Sites
Audience Chamber
Tat. Docking Bay
Cantina
Jabbas Sail Barge Passanger Deck
Clouds x2
Tatooine

Characters
Mara Jade, The Emperors Hand
Mighty Jabba
Bib Fortuna
Boelo
Ephant Mon
Boba Fett W/Blaster
Bane Malar
Djas Puhr
Zuckuss
Weequay Skiff Master
Dannik Jerriko
Dengar W/Blaster Carbine
Outer Rim Scout
Mercanry Pilot x2
4-LOM W/Concussion Rifle
Garindan x4 (2 Purple (thus the name), 1 Japanese, 1 color scheme missing)

Weapons/Devices
Dark Jedi Lightsaber x2
Mandalorian Armor x2

Ships/Vehicles
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Jabbas Space Cruiser
Cloud Car x2
Jabbas Sail Barge
Racing Skiff

Interrupts/Effects
Ghhhk x2
Vaders Cape x2
Scum And Villainy
Lone Warrior x3
Ket Malis x2
You Over Estimate Their Chances
Moment Of Triumph x2
Undercover
Twilex Advisor
Abyssin Ornament '

Strategy: '

--- STUPID FAT FINGERS ----- It’s supposed to be called GIANT FLYING PURPLE KUBAZ


This is a re-vamp of one of my favorite decks, including my favorite character, Garindan.

This is the set up
Garindan + Ket Malis + Dark Jedi Lightsaber + Mandalorian Armor + Vaders Cape = Power 3, Armor 5, Immune To Attrition >5 Matched w/Lone Warrior and Moment Of Triumph and You Overestimate Their Chances =s a nice beating.

This is only a fun deck however I took it to a tournament to see how it would do and it went undefeated. It beat a Hidden Base deck that wasnt all that good and it beat a mains and toys. (I deployed the monster Garindan and they deployes Obi-Wan W/Lightsaber and battles. I played my three cards and got a power of 16 x3 = 48 and that pretty much wiped him out. )

Essentially you want to get Garindan to a site and just Force Drain with him as much as you can. If your opponent comes to battle let him then you can use your cards and upset him. The Ghhhks are for the mains beat down so that you dont loose alot and the other characters are there for the initiating of battles and retrieving of force via S&V. I put some clouds in there and the Merc. Pilots to make use of the for an additional destiny if I can pull it off.

Like I said its a fun deck so please dont rate me bad because its not that detailed w/how to beat certain decks its only played against 2 and the FDs are good.

Thanks for looking...

Oh, and in case your wondering the backs of all the cards, instead of the Imperial Symbol its a WB Garindan. ) The other reason for the name of the deck.


Cat ”The Garindan Collector” Ceder
'