---
layout: post
author: Mike "Thunder" Rebman
title: 'X-treme ISB- 'It's Not Dead Yet...''
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-20
description: 'This deck just won me a tournament yesterday with a record of 3-0. Beating Hidden Base by 32, MWYHL by 41 and a profit deck by 23 (tourney report coming soon). Drop drain and retrieve.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective: 1
ISB Operations/Empire's Sinister Agents

Locations: 14
Coruscant
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
Tatooine
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94
Tatooine: Great Pit Of Carkoon
Tatooine: Jabba's Palace
Tatooine: Jawa Camp
Tatooine: Jawa Canyon
Tatooine: Jundland Wastes
Tatooine: Krayt Dragon Pass
Tatooine: Lars' Moisture farm
Tatooine: Mos Eisely
Tatooine: Tusken Canyon

Characters: 24
Outer Rim Scout x24

Vehicles/Starships: 3
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Executor

Interrupts: 10
Abyssin Ornament x2
Ghhhk x5
Twi'lek Advisor x3

Effects: 8
A Bright Center To The Universe
Broken Concentration
Den Of Thieves
Reactor Terminal
Resistance
Secret Plans
There Is No Try
Well Guarded


Strategy: 

This deck has extremely high drains, along with extremely high retrieval and extremly high activation. X-treme ISB...

First off for all of those who think 24 ORS is too many, it isn't, as long as you use them right.

Start with the ISB Objective. From there get out the Tatooine sites ASAP, as you spread out your ORS and drain. With every location out with an agent at every one, you can drain for 29+. Usual starting effect is Well Guarded, to protect your duplicates from grimtaash which could hurt this deck. If you're not worried about Grimtaash or just plan on using the objective's flipped side to retrieve the ORS later, start a different effect, to fight the opponent's strategy. Security Precautions isn't necessary in this deck, and does perfectly fine without it. Resistance fights numbers, and God knows that there are enough battlegrounds in this deck to keep it out. Broken Concentration delays jedi testing, so you can drain as much as possible before test 1. Without Ghhhks in this deck, you'd die a horrible, horrible death at the mercy of an EPP beatdown deck. Abyssin Ornament= up to 25 force retrieved, nuff' said. Den Of Thieves/ABCTTU haults drains. Moderate space protection, Executor, Dengar In Punishing One, and Bossk In Hound's Tooth= power 23 + 2 battle destiny + destiny +1 for each opponent's starships present. Not too shabby.

Overall this isn't a bad deck. It's based around , basically, killing your opponent before he kills you, and when your both hurt, regenerate yourself with Abyssin Ornament.	