---
layout: post
author: Blake "Zurai" Senn
title: 'Imperial Intelligence Operations'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-09
description: 'ISB on Yavin 4; large drain potential with mains support'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Start (4):
ISB Operations
Coruscant: Imperial Square
Twi'lek Advisor
Imperial Arrest Order

Locations (9)
Executor: Docking Bay
Coruscant: Docking Bay
Yavin 4: Docking Bay
Jungle
Forest
Desert
Swamp
Yavin 4 x2

Characters (20)
Darth Vader, DLOTS
Darth Vader
Grand Moff Tarkin
Mara Jade
Dengar w/ gun
IG-88 w/ gun
4-LOM w/ gun
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
U-3PO
*ISBs*
Corporal Derdram
Lieutenant Renz
Sergeant Torrent
Corporal Vandolay
Officer Evax
Colonel Wullf Yularen
Lt. Pol Treidum
Admiral Ozzel
Navy Trooper Vesden
5D6-RA-7

Starships (5):
Dreadnaught x2
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Bossk in Hound's Tooth

Weapons (2):
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Darth Vader's Lightsaber

Interrupts (14):
Masterful Move x2
Twi'lek Advisor x2
Imperial Barrier x3
Evader
Sense x2
Alter x2
Ghhhk x2

Effects (6):
Organa's Ceremonial Necklace
Reactor Terminal
Secret Plans
Oppressive Enforcement
Crush the Rebellion
Imperial Decree 

Strategy: 

BEFORE THE GAME:

I pulled this deck from one of my old designs, but with a new purpose and with upgraded weaponry. The purpose for this deck is to be a thorn in the side of all those throne room mains / revolution decks, but to also be viable against a wide variaty of other decks.

The standard start, against any deck other than TR Mains, is IAO, which lets you take the 3 docking bays out of the deck, serving 4 purposes: a), it eliminates 3 zeroes from the deck, b), it gives early activation, c), the Y4 docking bay allows you to deploy generic sites to Yavin, your main objective, and d), it boosts the forfeit of all but 1 of your ISB agents and a couple other characters, allowing you to lose less in the inevitable battles. It also provides limited protection from Nabrun Leids.

Against Throne Room, start with Crush, since you don't need the Y4 bay for your sites, and it allows you to pull your Evader and cancel Clash.

CONCEPTS IN THE DECK:

	The big thing to remember with this deck is to take it slow. You can generally flip on the second or third turn, but doing so may not be wise. Wait until you can be sure that your objective will stay flipped and that you will not be vulnerable to battles. Third or fourth turn is usually the earliest that you should flip, unless your opponent has zero ground in his deck, in which case you've already won.

	Besides taking it slow, there are a few other important things to remember. One is to always retrieve an ISB agent every draw phase; added up over the course of the game, it usually amounts to 15 or 20 force retrieved. This is one major, but subtle, factor of ISB Ops that is often ignored. Another thing to remember is that Imperial Decree is both incredibly easy to pull off and incredibly powerful against a large number of decks. It screws over Pucumir Thryss, it reduces the effectiveness of sabers, it can even help against Hidden Base by reducing 2 key drain systems.

	The choice of Yavin may not be obvious to some, so I'll explain it. Point One: ISB flips if you control 4 sites OR 2 rebel base sites. Yavin is a rebel base. Point Two: Imperial Decree operates if you control 2 systems and a planet site OR 2 rebel base locations. Again, Yavin is a rebel base. Point Three: One of the best drain enhancers in the game, Organa's Ceremonial Necklace, works only on Yavin.

PLAYING THE DECK:

	Pretty much play it like a normal ISB deck, with an emphasis on Yavin. Get out Decree as soon as you can; combined with a few free agents, your opponent will soon be draining for nil. Decree also ruins Revolutions, once the opponent grabs the single Evader. Don't forget that Alter can also remove the Revos (usually only temporarily, but it's better than not at all).

	When you are losing force, try your best to lose ISB agents that you can retrieve later on. Don't do so at the risk of becoming understaffed, but any excess ISB's should do their duty by being recycled. When choosing which ISB's to retrieve, I generally go for higher ability and higer destiny, then for forfeit, deploy, and finally power. As such, Officer Evax, Lieutenant Renz, and Lt. Pol Treidum are usually at the top of the list.

	Don't worry too much if you only find 1 or 2 generic sites to deploy to Yavin; that's usually all you need. Just 3 turns of full drains at 3 Yavin sites (3 at each site due to agents and the Necklace) is nearly half the opponent's deck. Add in saber bonuses and you've got a very strong position. An exception would be against Hidden Base, where you need all the drains you can get. Do your absolute best to keep high forfeit and 4 ability at all sites, but don't be afraid to spread a little thin once you have a Ghhk in hand (just save that 1 force for Draw Their Fire). Also, it becomes much more difficult to hold sites once you have 4 or 5 out.

	Once the opponent invades Yavin (and it will happen), just forfeit out the battle, and avoid them. With Decree and your agents going, they will be unable to drain you, whereas you will be able to deploy lone wolf agents to your opponent's unoccupied sites to drain them. For you, Twix sites are just a ticket for a free drain; even if they kill the agent there, they will have a character stuck at a useless site for the rest of the game, and you will be able to retrieve your agent back into your deck next turn.

DECK SPECIFIC STRATEGIES:

Against Throne Room Mains:
	Start Crush and hold the Evader until they have 2 or 3 revo's out. They'll grab it, but by that time you should have had an opportunity to clean out Yavin of those pesky Nudj's and to set up for Decree. When the mains come calling, show them a Ghhhk and spread out to their sites. You should have the upper hand if you refrain from killing the biggies (so that they stay on Yavin).

Against Hidden Base:
	Decree will hurt some, the drains will hurt lots until they flip. Try to avoid deploying the system unless you desperately need the force. Essentially, just spread and drain everywhere you can.

Against MWYHL:
	This could be a toughie, because you won't be draining for much. Just consolidate your forces and use the ISB retrieval to your best advantage. Will likely be a long game.

Against Numbers:
	If you see it early, just use your ISBs. All but Ozzel have somewhat decent destiny. Even 3 2's will leave you much better off than 3 1's. Spread and drain; the system is in there so you can get free drains from Battle Plan, so you won't have to activate those nasty inserts.

Against RTP:
	Not sure how this would go; removing ISB's from play could really hurt your retrieval. Although, they do give you the ability to flip first turn, with some nice drains and an opportunity to ambush Leia with your spies.

Against Profit:
		Don't start any aliens. The good news is that the mains usually play on Tatooine (5D6 can be a godsend); bad news is that the 4 or 5 a turn from the objective REALLY smarts. Just do your best to drain them hard and fast. 