---
layout: post
author: ! brad "swccguy" eier
title: ! "the most broken deck....ever"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-21
description: ! 'well mabey its not broken, but its a good deck.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Ralltiir Operations

Dagobah Cave
Death Star II Throne Room
Desert
Executor Meditation Chamber
Forest
Hoth Defensive Perimeter
Hoth Ice Plains
Hoth Wampa Cave
Jungle
Kashyyyk
Ralltiir
Spaceport Docking Bay

Admiral Ozzel
At-St Pilot x 3
Captain Sarkli
Commander Igar
Ds-61-2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Ig-88 With Riot Gun
Lieutenant Arnet
Lieutenant Cabbel
Lieutenant Watts
Lord Vader
Major Marquand
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
Officer Evax

Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber

Blizzard 2
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 3

Boba Fett In Slave 1
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Devastator
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Alter x 2
Masterful Move
Monnok
Prepared Defenses
Trample

Come Here You Big Coward
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Leave Them To Me
Oppressive Enforcement
Reactor Terminal
Search And Destroy
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay x 2
You Cannot Hide Forever




'

Strategy: '

ok its everyones fave netdeck, rops. basically this is a ds2 version (ds2 versionmeans it has even better cards than before)

first letme explain card choices
blizzard 2-i picked it over tempest scout 5, because of its raw power. i have some atst's that can react around, and 2 atats to apply beatdown.

the hoth sites-easy decree. also better than coruscant/death star where various decks will drop a ship late game and drain the crap out of you.

captain sarkli-ok, umm, he rules. he flips back ls ops objective, and also cancels opponents force generation at non-bg's. good vs trm and such.

lord vader-immune to fury and is a monster with his saber (the primere one)

marquand/watts- ok chances are you wont get it set up, so what they are good IAO pilots. and if you do it is awesome.

igar/tempest 1-same as marquand /watts.

no emperor- ive tried this deck w/him and he just isnt worth it.

no ghhk-i got power, i dont need ghhk

no sandwhirl-no one will deploy to the desert anyway so sandwhirl wwont be as effective, so i dropped it.

notes honor of the jedi does ass to this deck. i'll occupy my 3 battlegrounds and get around it. also i can alter it if they hide from me.

battle deployment may go in, its a good card.


ok play tips
start prepared defenses. there are 6 effects you can chose with it, pick the 3 best sutied based on what your opponent plays.

vs ebo-start decree,iao and oppressive.
flip your objective and go to hoth to enforce decree. you may have to eat a drain for a turn or 2 to do this, but thats ok. once decree is up and rops is flipped all they can do is drain for 1 at kiffex. smack around the obiwan and luke they will use to try to battle u off hoth. it should not be that tough of a game.(i like using hoth sites instead of 2 system/1 site for decree, its easier and usually they wont fight much on ground)

profit-iao/decree/secret plans. its the toughest matchup for this deck. flip your objective and search for the cards u need. enforce decree as much as you can. pick and chose battles. watch for fallen portal, its evil. close game, but if you get set up early you can win.

mains-the deploy +2 at ralltiir slows mains decks.
battle wherever they go. try to flip your objective. grapple thier sense, so you can pull off stuff like trample and masterful move. most mains decks are dying out so you shouldnt worry that much about it.

odds-the anti odds effect

ops-anti ops effect + convert their db (if its yop) + sarkli will kill them.

training-grapple visored vision. get out chybc, it will help.

hb-security precautions + search and destroy

ds2 obj-not sure, havent played vs it. i'd prolly just play it the same as most decks , tho.

ok there u got it. nothing new, but it still rules. dont give me a @#$%ty rating because its rops, or there will be hell to pay.


dmail question or comments

have a nice day
'