---
layout: post
author: Michael "choker" Sorrell
title: 'Hidden Base, Retrieval, and Beat Downs....Oh My!'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-29
description: 'The title says it all!'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

STARTING (7)
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Insurrection
Do, Or Do Not
Squadron Assignments
Rendevous Point
Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip Through...
Aquaris (Hidden Base)

CHARACTERS (17)
Tycho Celchu
Derek Hobbie Klivian
ASP-707 x3
General Calrissian
Luke w/ Lightsaber (Jedi Luke works too)
Luke Skywalker
Admiral Ackbar
First Officer Thaneepsi
Major Haash'n
Booush
Obi w/ lightsaber
Tk-422
Wege Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Colonel Craken
Lt. Blount

STARSHIPS (12)
Spiral
Home One
Artoo in Red 5
Independence
Tantive IV
Tala 2
Tala 1
Red Squadron 1
Green Squadron 3
Liberty
Red Squadron 4
Gold Squadron 1

LOCATIONS (7)
Aquaris
Corulag
Sullust
Endor
Kiffex
Kessel
Endor: Landing PLatform (DB)

ADMIRAL'S ORDERS (1)
I'll Take the Leader

INTERRUPTS (11)
The Signal
It COuld Be Worse x4
Rebel Barrier
A Few Manuevers x2
On the Edge x3

EFFECTS (2)
Wise Advice
Order to Engage

WEAPONS (3)
Ewok Catapult x3

Strategy: 

O.K.  I'm going to keep this strategy short cause I always write real long, in-depth strats, and my decks never get reviewed.  That's a waste of my time!  Anyway, if you have questions about anything I don't cover, post them on the reviews, and I'll answer them!

This deck is simply a monster when in the right hands.	I built it originally as kinda a fun deck, but with its success, I've decided to post here for all to see.

First turn, use your objective to deploy a system (Endor is your first choice, Sullust your second) to the table.  While your looking through the deck make sure Endor: Landing PLatform is in your reserve.  If it is, pull it using insurrection.  Usually you'll have something you can deploy to Rendevous Point for a couple of force with the help of Squadron Assignments, so deploy something cheap then move over to Endor for free (using its text).  Now you got a drain of one first turn without much risk, judging by the fact that the DS will be hardpressed to come down on you with something that can break your immunity second turn!

In the following turns continue to deploy a system every deploy phase until you deploy kessel, which should be the last system you deploy (since it only is good when you flip).  On these turns, make sure to deploy a ship to Rendevous Point everyturn and then move to endor.  Once you have two ships at endor (usually your third turn) move those ships to Sullust (where your opponents ships are deploy +1) or to Aquaris (where your activation is +3 if you control with a starfighter).  Then continue deploying ships to Rendevous Point and moving them to Endor for free until you have two ships at either two or three systems.  NOTE:  Try to stay in groups of two ships to protect against lateral damage.

Each turn you should have a couple force left over, so draw those up to try to get your ewok catapults and ASP-707 droid into hand.  Once you get them, deploy the catapult to the Endor: Landing PLatform (exterior endor site) with the ASP-707s.  Know you can stick seven destinies on top of your reserve during every control phase!  Why is this important you ask?  Well....it has two awesome ramafications!  One, if you see your opponent saving force to start coming to battle you, just stick that 7 on top of your reserve and dare them to come at you with your automatic seven destiny draw.	Two, if your opponent does not come down on you in space, just retrieve six force with your On the Edges!  The great thing is...you can target people like First Officer Thaneespi, TK-422, and Boushh with On the Edge and not have the risk of losing great mains like Luke, Ben, and Wedge.	Speaking of TK-422 and Boushh, use these guys (or guy and a disguised gal) to stop the opponent's force drains combined with the It Could Be Worses.

This deck offer three different ways to stop force drains.  One...spies.  Two...It Could Be Worse.  Three...your flip side of the hidden base objective.  That should allow you to shut down your opponent just enough to get your retieval going, especially against decks like BHBM, which don't have many battleground sites to force drain at to begin with.  It Could Be Worse is also really handy against Security Precautions to cut down on a game-ending force loss.

I recommend flipping late game...either once your retrieval is set up or when your opponents drains become too much to bear.  Save your rebel barrier in your hand until your opponent starts to deploy because DS likes to probed and then move together.  Sometimes the don't allow themselves enough hyperspeed to get to a starship in distress.  Therefore, if you barrier somethiong at kessel, another ship they deployed that turn might not be able to make the jump to kessel to provide the barriered ship with support.  This equals a beat down for the light side upon their next turn!

This deck also tends to fare well against BHBM decks cause they use bounty hunters in their matching ships.  These guys have nice ability, but extremely low forfeit, which allows you to clear a system with a seven destiny!

One last thing...Order to Engage is a must have in this deck.  When your opponent tries to probe a system where your have presence and then move away, he or she will have to lose three force.  This will occur almost everytime if you stick your seven destiny on top of your reserve during the right time, that is right before your opponent deploys.  No one in their right mind is going to battle you when you draw a system-clearing seven for destiny!

If you have any more questions, feel free to ask in the review section.  Oh...if you want to see an incredibly solid (and undefeated)BHBM deck go to my member page, and CHECK OUT THE DECK CALLED "BHBM: BRING IT ALL DAY LONG!"  I wrote a long strat for it, but it never got reviewed.  If you would review that deck, it would atleast make all the time I spent on it well worth the trouble. 