---
layout: post
author: Andy "Solo337" McClure
title: 'Outer Rim Scouts with a death wish'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-06
description: ! 'This is a deck that I built for fun, but it's actually very good in the hands of a good player.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'
Locations (8)
JP Dungeon
JP Audience Chamber
Tatooine Great Pit of Carkoon
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Death Star
Coruscant
CC Port District
Endor

Characters (20)
Shiny Jabba The Hutt
Shiny Jabba
Mara Jade x2
Boelo
Cloud City Engineer
Chall Bekan
Outer Rim Scout x5
Shiny Bane Malar
EPP Boba Fett
Brangus Glee
4-LOM w/ Stunner
ECC Iggy
EJP Dengar
Dr. Evazan
Djas Puhr

Starships (5)
Bossk in Bus
Zuckess in MH
Fett in his Ship
Shiny IG-2000
Jabba's Space Cruiser (of course)

Interuppts (13)
Ghhhk x4
Masterful Move x2
Imperial Barrier
Abyssin Ornament
Sniper
Twi-lek Advisor x2
Monnok
Alter

Effects (12)
Scum and Villainy x2
Bad Feeling Have I
Security Precautions
Den of Thieves
First Strike
Imperial Arrest Order
Lateral Damage
Grabber
Battle Order
There is no try
Secret Plans

Weapon (1)
Mara's Saber

Objective (1)
Court of the Vile Gangster
'

Strategy: '

Well, before you review this deck, keep in mind that it is a FUN deck. I won State (sorry, had to brag a little bit), and then I wanted to build some fun decks. This was my favorite. It's not built to win every game, but if you play it well, it's very strong.

In case you can't tell by the card list, the point of the deck is to get out Scum and Villany, and First Strike, and send your characters to initiate battles. Then, if they get killed by EPPs or whatever, you Ghhk the damage. It works especially well if your opponent has Draw Their Fire (which a lot of LS decks use).

Here's the scenario
Your opponent has EPP Obi and ECC Chewie at one location, EPP Luke and EPP Han at another, and some starships at a system. They've deployed Draw Thier Fire, and you've deployed Scum and First Strike (using Twi-leks as needed). You deploy a Outer Rim Scout to the location with EPP Luke and Han, Djas Puhr to the location with Obi and Chewie, and Fett in ship from reserve deck to the system. You then initiate a battle in space, you retrieve 4 cards, they lose 2 cards, you have 7 power + destiny, and if you have extra damage, Ghhhk it. You then battle with Djas Puhr, you retrieve Fett, the Ghhhk you used, and 2 more cards, they lose 2 force. You kill Chewie with attrition, and Ghhhk the extra damage. You then battle with the Outer Rim Scout, retrieve Djas, and your other Ghhhk and 2 more, they lose 2 force. You Ghhhk the damage. Overall, for those 3 battles, you lost 1 Scout and 1 Ghhhk, they lost Chewie, something in space for attrition, 6 force for the battles, AND you retrieved 8 cards Pretty sweet, huh?

Here's a few reasons I picked some cards
Masterful Move x2- 6 destiny, and it gets rid of Savrip, and best of all, it pulls Ghhhks (1 destinies) out of your deck.

Outer Rim Scouts are picked for their cheap deploy, high forfeit (5 with Jabba at Audience Chamber), and great piloting skills (adds 3 to power and gets a destiny no matter).

Alter is there to get rid of several bothersome effects. Bacta Tank, Order To Engage, and anything else. Mara and Jabba can Alter stuff, along with Bane and Djas Puhr. Against MWYHL, I sometimes track a 0 to the top, but generally I just lose the Alter. If you don't like playing with just 1 alter, add a Point Man instead.

The Port Town District is in for the big drain, and the cheap aliens, but I mainly only use it against, say, a space deck.

I love generation, and that's why I have so much. You probably can drop one of the generators.....

Lateral Damage to beat up some people in space. If the super falcon saves no force, you can drop Lateral Damage and First strike and beat the Falcon with BH ships....

Endor is just too sweet. 2 drain, 2 activation, +1 deploy for them

Well, I think that's about it Thanks ahead of time for the reviews, and keep in mind that this is a fun deck-

Andy

'