---
layout: post
author: ! Jodo "Jodo Kast17" Kast
title: ! "Matching Mayhem"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-07-22
description: ! 'Using the new effect from DII, matching ships/pilots drain away with powerful abilities.  Undercover spies keep the drains on the ground to a minimum.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (9)
Anoat
Aquaris
Bothawui
Corellia
Dantooine
Kessel
Ralltiir
Roche
Yavin 4

Characters (14)
Boshek
Boushh
Chewie of Kashyyk
Cmdr Vanden Willard
Cmdr Wedge
Dutch
Elyhek Rue
Lieutenant Lepira
Jek Porkins
Jeroen Webb
Orrimaarko
Luke Skywalker
Ryle Torsyn
TK-422

Starships (11)
Artoo in Red 5
Gold 1
Gold 3
Gold 4
Independence
Lando in Falcon
Masanya
Redemption
Red 6
Red 7
Tantive IV

Interrupts (10)
Direct Assault
Houjix
Grimtaash
Organized Attack x2
Power Pivot
Stay Sharp
The Signal x2
Transmission Terminated

Effects (12)
Bacta Tank
Corellian Engineering Corporation
Draw Their Fire
Haven
Insurrection
Koensayr Manufacturing
Mantellian Savrip
Slayn & Korpil Facilities
Squadron Assignments
Traffic Control
Undercover x2

Weapons (4)
Quad Laser Cannons x2
X-Wing Laser Cannons x2
'

Strategy: '

	This deck might seem strange at first glance, but I quickly displays its power.  I start with Yavin and pull Squadron Assignments.  From that point on I can quickly get out my ships.	I can deploy my fighters with matching pilots directly if I only have one of them in my hand.
	The three manufacturers that I have each serve their own, interlocking purpose.  The Corellian engineering is very useful.  I already wanted Corellia in this deck, as it is great to deploy the falcon or a corvette as a surprise react.  The engineering was just one more card, and it gave the falcon a cheaper deploy.  The main purpose was for the quads.  They become destiny plus 3 on starfighters, very handy on BH ships, plus deploy for free.
	Slayn & Korpil came right along with Corellian engineering.  The quads deploy for free, add 2 to destiny, and I retrieve 2 force when I hit something.  Very useful.
	Koensayr has very obvious uses.  Elyhek Rue adds to drains at Ralltiir, and the ability to retrieve Y-Wings, which are plentiful in this deck, I very nice.  I can use the y-wings at forfeit fodder without any worries.  They are nice to toss down for little force to rescue my capitals or an x-wing with cannons.
	The fighters in the deck were selected for the systems in the deck.  They each add drains at particular systems, which will hurt my opponent.  The X-Wings not only drain, but use the cannons to make quick kills and retrieve force.
	The interrupts from special edition have been ignored too much.  Power pivot and direct assault are an ultimate combination.  The starship loses immunity to attrition, and gets power 0  Stay sharp is the sniper for the LS space.  It allows an x-wing cannon or quads to kill a ship during the control phase.
	The undercover spies are great at driving my opponent crazy.  With 4 spies in there, it is difficult to keep them from damaging the drains set up.  While I control Bothawui, two of my spies at least are immune to hutt smooch, which is becoming more popular.  This deck has very limited ground capability.  Don&#8217;t go on the ground, the only suicide person I tossed in was Orrimaarko, and he should only be used when the power is not too great.  Spies are used to beat my opponent on the ground.
	Transmission terminated is to slow hunt down.  It will kill visage quickly.  If my opponent doesn&#8217;t put Ephont in the holotheater, then I can toss in my spies to cancel it that way.
	This deck can not only defeat the DS in space, even with the new starships, but is also very fun to play.  Enjoy using those matching pilots and starships that were too difficult to pull before.
'