---
layout: post
author: ! Joshua "Stormcrow" Grace
title: ! "Grace’s GS-winning  undefeated PILE"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-28
description: ! 'This is a repost of my Hidden Base deck. Just wanted people to get to see it before Clint drops it into obscurity again with another unduly low rating.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'(always starting)
Hidden Base
Rendez-Vous Point
YAVIN IV
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Insurrection

(locations 5)
Home 1 DB
Echo DB
Endor
Dagobah
Yodas Hut

(characters 14)
Farmboy Luke
JK Luke
Luke w/Saber
Obi w/Saber x2
Boushh
Leia w/Blaster
TK-422
Capn Han
General Calrissian
Nien Numb
Wedge Leader
Tycho Celchu
Lt. Blount

(weapons 2)
Anakins Saber
X-Wing Laser

(ships 5)
Tala 2
Red 6
R2-D2 in R5
Red Squadron 1
Gold Squadron 1

(red 27)
Whatre You Pushin? X2
Signal x2
Projection x2
The Force is Strong w/This One x2
Frozen Assets x2
A Few Maneuvers
Legendary Starfighter
Advantage
Order to Engage
Courage of a Skywalker
Squadron Assignments
Wise Advice
Bacta Tank
Shocking Info
HotJedi
Out of Nowhere
Aim High
Weapon Levitation
Insight
Strike Planning
Traffic Control
Punch It

(admirals orders 2)
Ill Take the Leader x2 '

Strategy: '

Strategy... right... Strategy doesn’t seem to be much of a concern when people review decks, here, does it? If you’re really interested in the match-ups against various (pre-Jabba’s Sealed) Dark Decks, then go check out my "You’ll Never Find My Hidden Base" deck which is the same deck with an absurdly low rating.

However, a brief synopsis Check the destiny in this deck again before you go further. They are very high. An average destiny over 3. You’ll pull all your locations by the second turn (decent activation) and start drawing your characters and recycling used interrupts and using Traffic Control. Soon, all your battle destiny will be big. If you can track, they will all be 6’s and 5’s. You will block force drains with undercover spies and Projection. You will cause damage with Legendary Starfighter (if they go to space), Advantage (if they go to the ground) and Order to Engage (if they go somewhere). You will amass forces they don’t want to fight or are foolish to fight.

Starting start Insurrection always. Strike Planning and Squassin are the usual. But use Wise Advice against BHBM or any SAC heavy deck. Use Insight to get Honor (pre-Jabba’s Sealed, remember?) against Hunt Down.

It’s a PILE, right, Clint? Leave your critique alone until other people see the deck. Thanks for the one word review, by the way. I now know that it must be my skill as a player that saw this deck go 16-0 (and to the kid who gave it a cruddy rating, saying "I don’t know if it could go 14-0," it did--but on its way to 16-0; 14-0 was a brief moment passing), and it was my skill as a player that saw a PILE like this win the MN Grand Slam. And it was a fairly original PILE not built for me by somebody else, too...

I don’t care about reviews, people, except that I’d like for the players on DeckTech to be able to see a new idea before it gets absolutely panned by worthless (as in not one suggestion or critique was made) reviews.

End rant. Enjoy deck. '