---
layout: post
author: ! Evan "Lorax" Fitzgerald
title: ! "MBO can work..."
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-29
description: ! 'Everyone said MBO sucks...just like first impression of ROps (then with Endor things changed, but it took a while to notice).  But there are some great things about it...'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'mbo.deck - Fri Sep 29 074745 2000


Starships (13)
Tantive IV
Home One
Independence
Liberty
Blue Squadron B-wing  x3
Gold Squadron Y-wing  x3
Red Squadron X-wing  x3

Characters (15)
Harc Seff
WED-9-M1 ’Bantha’ Droid
Admiral Ackbar
Boushh
Colonel Cracken
Colonel Salm
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Lieutenant Blount
Lieutenant Tarn Mison
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Luke With Lightsaber
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x2

Weapons (9)
Enhanced Proton Torpedoes  x3
Intruder Missile  x2
Proton Torpedoes  x2
X-wing Laser Cannon  x2

Effects (9)
Aim High
Concentrate All Fire - Admiral’s Order  x2
Honor Of The Jedi
Projection Of A Skywalker  x2
Strikeforce
Superficial Damage
Your Insight Serves You Well

Interrupts (3)
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Rebel Barrier  x2

Locations (10)
Aquaris
Coruscant
Kessel
Kiffex
Yavin 4
Yavin 4 Docking Bay
Yavin 4 Jungle
Yavin 4 Massassi Headquarters
Yavin 4 Massassi Ruins
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room

Unknown Type
Massassi Base Operations/One In A Million
'

Strategy: '

***Drop Strikeforce add launching the assualt.

MBO 0 Side - flip when you control 3 yavin IV sites and DS controls less than 3 Yavin sites.  This should be fairly easy, since you have the EPP mains and 4 deploy 2 scrubs.  Also, you can deploy the squadron ships to the DB and take off for free.  Imperials deploy +2 - and LS can never drain...so why would the DS even bother to keep you from flipping?  To stop the ultimate power of MBO - that everyone think sucks? I am not counting on that.

Once you flip - power +3 at all systems, proton torpedoes deploy from reserve deck (that is all I am interested in)  YOU CAN NEVER BE FLIPPED BACK...

Lets go card by card...
4 capitals? may be too many, but with launching the assualt it is awesome.  I would consider changing tantive for spiral or defiance.

The starfighters? ability two pilots. gold/red deploy cheap to yavin.  and red deploy and use proton torpedoes for free.  The blue ones mean you can actually hit things with your weapons.

Harc Seff - so good I don’t need to explain, plus a alien pilot.

Bantha Droid? no lateral damage, can’t be battled, sensed, altered, plus starfighters at Yavin will be immune less than 3.  Not bad for 2 deploy 4 destiny.  This card is way to good not to use with the prolification of docking bays now.  You can move it around where you need it too.

Ackbar - iffy choice here - but pulling the AO is critical.

bousch/EPP leia - both very good
Mains - well they are always good
4 deploy 2 scrubs/pilots - help to flip and generally good
Salm - when piloting a ywing you can get you a new battle destiny draw.
Cracken/Blount - you know these guys
Tarn Mison - makes all the characters on a ship I shoot at forfeit =0.	Load up some ship to keep going after me...and this would be sweet.  And a destiny 3

Aim High = power +5 if I fire two weapons. and retrieval damage - I start this.

Superficial Damage - forfeit the protons and deploy them next turn.  This effectively makes all ship immune less than 3.

Insight - need it to grab honor, and honor protects your yavin sites from getting drained at.

launching the assualt isn’t needed right away so find it later or pull it if you draw honor.

the two AOs give you power plus +3 for each starship firing a weapon.  That means if I have two ships with two weapons and they both fire...I am power +14.  I shouldn’t lose any battles, in space.

projection? gotta stop the ground drains...

only two interupts and they both are rebel barriers.  all the starship weapons will lead my opponent to think I have the great starship weapon interupts, and the may avoid.  barriers are needed for ROps - they plan to deploy to the system and move, but I hope to spoil that idea.

locations...any of the three good space drains will win the game.  and you should have plenty of activation and enough yavin sites to flip fast.

'