---
layout: post
author: Eric "bounty22" Hunter
title: 'Fake ebo, designer- hunter'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-06-10
description: ! 'this uses the efect to get sites out fast, then it uses tunels to get the mains you need. speed is the reason this deck excels.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'
Unknown Type
Endor Chief Chirpa's Hut
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Hoth Echo Med Lab
Hoth Main Power Generators
Hoth North Ridge
Rendezvous Point
Tatooine Obi-Wan's Hut
Yavin 4 Massassi Headquarters
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room

Characters (18)
Captain Han Solo  x2
Harc Seff
Jeroen Webb
Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2
Master Luke  x3
Melas
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x3
Oola  x2
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Wedge Antilles

Starships (6)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Millennium Falcon  x2
Red Leader In Red 1
Spiral
Tantive IV

Interrupts (16)
Clash Of Sabers  x2
Courage Of A Skywalker
Don't Forget The Droids  x2
Gift Of The Mentor
Glancing Blow  x2
Grimtaash  x2
Shocking Information
The Signal
Tunnel Vision  x4

Effects (9)
A New Secret Base
Bacta Tank
Goo Nee Tay
Projection Of A Skywalker  x2
Revolution  x2
Uncontrollable Fury
Wise Advice

Weapons (2)
Anakin's Lightsaber  x2
'

Strategy: '

#edit# take out both projections and put wise advice and do or do not. also take out obi-wans hut and put in a kiffex, the starting efect will let you take it out so ou can drain in space with the super falcon.

ok this deck starts the power genterators and a new secret base. i exspect you will get a twix in starting hand wo second turn you be 8 for you 1 for them. so you've got your self a nice start. then with the tunnels you'll get master and saber or what ever you need to reck havok.

against operatives- do the normal start. get out and crush what ever he puts out, this will be a quick victory cause your fast start will be tooooo much.

aginst rops- again you will stop them before the set up. even though they will have bad feeling and/or the objective you still will stop them from flipping. if this is big in your area, put in some mechanical failures and romas lock navender.

against huntdown- quick start will lay the beats on a second turn flip. the only way this will be close is if theey activate for a couple turns and wait. but they won't do that, you cn win.

against sfs- super falcon and tank, drain at 4th marker and what not. this will be the toughest of matches, it just comes down to how well your super falcon can keep up with them ties

ami forgetting something? well i consider these the most potent decks,	anything else, if it is more powerful then these or more popular in your area just put in a few counters for it. remember this deck is metad for my area.

keep it cool folks

eric hunter, mass state champion   '