---
layout: post
author: ! Todd "ChessMaster" Vandewalker
title: ! "DS C hoke  Beatdown  Win   simple"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-17
description: ! 'A good mixture of 2/0 sites and 2/2 sites gives this deck a good choke aspect, but also a serious drain machine. Very versatile.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Dagobah Cave
Death Star
Endor
Endor Back Door
Executer Meditation Chamber
Hoth Defensive Perimiter
Hoth Ice Plains
Kiffex

Characters
Admiral Motti
Admiral Ozzel
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Commander Igar
Darth Vader
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Mara Jade x2
Officer Evax

Weapons
Vader's Lightsaber
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Vehicles
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Starships
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Dreadnaught x2
Executer
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Interrupts
Alter x3
Evader x2
Sense x3
Sniper
Twi'Lek Advisor x3

Effects
A Bright Center To The Universe
Bad Feeling Have I
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward
Crush The Rebellion
Imperial Arrest Order
Lateral Damage
Oppresive Enforcement
Resistance
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay x2

'

Strategy: '

This has a very good mixture of sites. Having 2/0 sites and 2/2 sites make the deck very versatile in what I want to accomplish with it. I usually start with the Death Star which gives me good activation and gives them no force. It also allows me to start ABCTTU if I need to.

My character selection I feel is very powerful. The characters are pretty powerful and have high forfeit value, so you should be able to control most of the sites you want to.

My choice in interrupts is also good. A little mixture of Sense/Alter (3 apiece) allows me to cancel certain cards that might cause problems. Twi'Lek for needed effects.

As you can see, I have a lot of effects and all of them serve a purpose. I have many choices as a starting effect depending on what your opponent is playing. Here are some of the OPTIONS (you can always start something else depending on your style)

Against HB You can start Security Precautions. With all the ships in here, you should have no problem probing. Lateral Damage will also help.

Against OPS Start ABCTTU. You have the power to beat up the little aliens. I don't see them being much of a problem.

Against Retrieval Decks Sense/Alter/Hell2Pay/Secret Plans/Come Here You Big Coward will all do their part in totally shutting down retrieval decks.

Against Mains Many options to choose from. Bad Feeling Have I is one.

Against Revolution Start Crush The Rebellion and play Evader when needed. It's pretty cool to send Mara Jade down and beat up a lone little Oola hanging out at the Throne Room

Come Here You Big Coward is a huge effect in this deck and is worth considering starting with. This will make it so they can't drain at your 2/0 sites and you have the power to take them out from wherever they are trying to drain from.

I overall feel this is a great deck, but as always, I would like advice on making it better. Please give me any suggestions or comments. Thanks for reviewing '