---
layout: post
author: ! Eddie "ISBop" Brown
title: ! "ISB/IAO drain v3.0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-10
description: ! 'This is yet another version of my ISB/IAO deck.  I added in some EJP, and hightened some of my counters of popular decks.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (13)
Raithal
Kiffex
Kashyyyk
Endor Back Door
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Spaceport Docking Bay x3
Yavin 4 Docking bay
Endor Landing Platform
Cloud City East Platform (Docking Bay)

Characters (21)
Grand Moff Tarkin
IG-88 with Riot Gun
DVDLOTS
EPP Fett
Mara Jade
DS-61-3
Sargeant Tarl
Snowtrooper Officer
Navy Trooper Vesden
Corporal Derdram
Colonel Wullf Yularen
Admiral Ozzel
Lieutenant Pol Treidum
Officer Evax
Outer Rim Scout x3
Chyler
Chall Bekan
Sargeant Torent

Starships (9)
Executor
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser x2
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Devestator
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Dengar in Punishing One
Vader's Personal Shuttle

Weapons (2)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Saber

Interrrupts (6)
Sneak Attack x3
Twi'lek Advisor x3

Effects (9)
Lateral Damage
Imperial Arrest Order
Undercover x3
Broken Concentration
There Is No Try
Security Precautions
Imperial Decree

Objective ISB Operations/Empire's Sinister Agents
'

Strategy: '

This deck is very easy to play. Just start with ISB, Coruscant and Imperial Arrest Order. Pull either Yavin 4 or Hoth docking bays first. Just save up force. Put a couple cheap ISBs there, and by turn 3, you can flip the objective. Keep pulling docking bays with IAO and dropping ISBs like mad. Play some mains and high-stats guys to back up your relatively weak ISBs. Stick Mara and her glowstick at Back Door or Cantina for a drain of 3, 4 with an ISB there. Use the Undercovers for blocking a big drain. There Is No Try keeps your red cards safe. The bounty hunter ships will keep space pretty well covered for additional drains. Make sure to leave a couple sites with only spies that look pretty 'weak' to your opponent. When the beatdown comes, drop Sneak Attack. Boom, instant power or battle destiny at least +3 or +4 Stick Chall at Cantina or Docking Bay 94, and pull the one ORS if it's not already out. There's only one for fear of Grimmy, and plus I only have one. Watch out for MWYHL, though, it can hurt you. Broken Concentration should be a great help, though. Good Luck, and May The Force Be With You.

UPDATE I added in Imperial Decree to slow LS drains. An extra Spaceport Docking bay helps to counter Hidden Base. I needed some power to hold down systems, so the mighty Executor took the place of the ICSD. The Snowtrooper Officer was too expensive, so I took one out. The average deploy is very low because if you don't get out the sites other than docking bays, you wont be acitvating all that much. Also, I was having trouble getting out Undercovers to block heavy drains, so I added an extra.

UPDATE 2
I took out the probe droids in favor of 2 more ORSs.  Gravity Shadow gave way to Vader's Saber for cutting up stuff and to enhance the relatively small drains.  DVDLOTS replaced EPP, and ECC IG-88 replaced EJP IG-88 to up my ground power.  Vader's Personal Shuttle was put in to lower the average deploy for my starships, it was really high.  Security Precautions went in for Reactor Terminal; I needed better HB counters.  Overall, this deck is now much more balanced deck. '