---
author: edmund "edmund" gray
title: 'BHBM w/ SAC and bombers'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-14
description: 'blends bhbm, sac, and tie bombers into a fun as hell deck to play that can win.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting(8)
BHBM
DSII TR
Your Destiny
Insignificant Rebellion
Prepared Defenses
IAO
MP
Planetary Subjugation

Locations(7)
CC DB
Endor DB
DSII DB
Kiffex
Sullust
Endor
Wakeelmui

Charcters(6)
Emperor
EPP Vader x3
Mara Jade x2

Weapons(1)
Mara Jade&#8217;s LS

Starships(15)
Scimitar Squadron TIE x2
Emperor&#8217;s Sword
Emperor&#8217;s Shield
Tie Bomber x8
Dreadnaught x3

Interrupts(17)
Sense x5
Alter x2
Operational As Planned
Overload x2
Twileck x3
All Power To Weapons x4

Effects(6)
Oppressive Enforcement
Sienar Fleet Systems
Emperor&#8217;s Power
Lateral Damage
Imperial Decree
Secret Plans 

Strategy: 

This deck is different and fun.

Planetary Subjugation allows one to add 5 to weapon and battle destinies whenever you draw a tie bomber(so instead of being 0 or 2 they would be 5 or 7). Over load is a lost interrupt that allows you to kill any starship or character with a weapon(even epps) if you draw a zero for a destiny.

Pull Emperor slap him at the DSII DB, activate a lot, set up the tie engine, get the systems and force drain.  Move Emperor to Throne Room and use The Emperor’s Power to make devastating suicide Vaders and Maras, as well as hold space.  The early SAC is devastating, lose the 2 force to Do or Do Not and just retrieve it back.  The SAC can buy you a few critical turns, especially against EBO.  With the first Twileck you get pull Sienar Fleet Systems.  The second get either Oppressive or whatever you need.  Try to make sure you always have an all power to weapons, cause the bombers suck without them.  Be careful not to leave mara alone if lukes not captured.  try to use vader as a suicide unless needed. UF sucks. Operational as Planned is so perfect in this deck to help track the tie bomber, or set up other destinies(not to mention weaken FA).

This deck blends many themes together to form a better deck.  With all the low destinies one can still SAC against MWYHL.  The high battle and weapon destinies with Emperors Power is almost abusive.	Winning 3-4 battles is easy, and it’s even easier to lose and duel to luke with all the zeros in you deck.  The retrieval gets over otherwise costly effects such as Emperors Power and Do or Do Not.  The overloads can roast any pesky epp, and vader and mara can take of the rest as well as fulfill decree or battle plan.  the early activation of this deck is great with out giving much, which helps get a jump-start on your opponent.

v. ebo

get decree out, it’s easy to fulfill. vader and mara at Endor DB, tie at Wakeelmui and now you only need one other planet system.  Sense organized attack, draw an extra destiny and watch your opponent lose 3 x-wings in one battle.  You should be able to beat them at most battles, hold the ground, and sense or alter anything critical. 2 alters and operational as planned is pretty decent Frozen Asset protection.

v. profit

should be easy. just keep killing han, either with overload or vader.

v. hb

just be careful, the high destinies and power should be able to let you win space.

v. mwhyhl

you can still sac which is awesome, you should be able to beet falcon or anything else in space.

potential problems:
grimtassh-try to always keep a sense handy. I found that playing with well guarded was pointless because you will never have a hand below 13 cards.
landing claw-only deploy dreadnaughts for beetdown or to move the ties
revolutions-alters
super falcon-overload leia, sense punch it, hyper escape etc.

cards I’d like to fit in:
sense
operational as planned
pride of the empire
executor
presence of the force x2
ghhhk
but I just can’t find the room.

if you tell me cards to put in please tell me what to take out, there is very little if any room.  this deck may not be the best but is certainly fun and non-normal…so if your looking for something different to play that can win, here it is.

edmund	