---
layout: post
author: ! Dan "Mystikal" Christy
title: ! "Mystikal Endor Ops V1 1"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-26
description: ! 'Endor Ops with the new JPOTSD card, Power Of The Hutt for a secured Bunker.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost
Endor
Bunker
Endor Docking Bay
Prepared Defenses
Power Of The Hutt
Oppressive Enforcement


Effects
Hell 2 Pay
Broken Concentration
Lateral Damage
First Strike
He Is Not Ready
Imperial Decree
Ominous Rumors
Something Special Planned For Them
Combat Response
IAO
Secret Plans

Interrupts
Monnok
Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us
3x Imperial Command
Masterful Move

Starfighters
Saber 1
Saber 2
Saber 4
2x Scythe Squadron TIE
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Dengar In Punishing 1

Capital Ships
Executor (original)
Chimaera
Visage
2x Death Squadron Star Destroyer
2x Dreadnaught
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth

Admiral’s Orders
2x Battle Deployment

Systems
Kessel
Sullust
Tattooine
Kashyyyk

Characters
Ephant Mon
U-3P0
2x EPP Vader
Baron Soontir Fel
Major Turr Phennir
DS-181-4
DS-61-2
Captain Godherdt
Commander Merrejk
Admiral Chiraneau
Admiral Piett
Admiral Ozzel
Grand Moff Tarkin
'

Strategy: '

FIRST OFF I do not try to flip. I don’t need more Endor Sites, Biker Scouts, or Walkers for the sake of flipping.

>>> ChessMaster, I’m afraid Ephant Mon doesn’t have to worry about a spy beatdown. Check his text one more time.<<<

The *** on the starting is for the effect that best suits your situation. I have chosen Battle Deployment as My Admiral’s Order because most of the light decks I see rely on Home 1  with pilots alone at a system, and the Falcon alone at a system. This way, they suffer the power -2 unless they team up their capital ships with their starfighters. Broken Con. and He Is Not Ready are my training defense, but might get switched out for the Cave and Failure. Your first move on every game should be to get Ephant Mon to the Bunker. Godherdt and Rebels Won’t Escape stop the Landing Claw. Use Imperial Command to get Piett and Piett to get Merrejk. Then pull systems. I chose Saber 4, because DS-181-4 can pull the unique interceptors. Then I can use Combat Response to get the pilot with it. DS-181-3 can’t do that. Now for deeper strategy

Vs. TIGIH
Get Vader to Luke FAST. Then send them up to a destroyer as to prevent Luke’s Liberation. Your high power should keep you from losing battles. If they focus on Endor gorund, you will probably lose Ominous Rumors, but Chiraneau will keep your drains up. Drain fast and you shouldn’t have a problem.

Vs. MWYHL
Start Secret Plans as your 3rd effect. Abuse your ability to look for Ominous Rumors, and when you see that Broken Con. or He’s Not Ready isn’t there, then draw to get it. Play fast, but not like a fool. Imperial Command will keep SuperFalcon in line. Make sure to grab It Could Be Worse, and SSPFT will handle On The Edge.

Vs. Profit
You won’t have to worry about Boushh getting in the bunker anymore. Start Secret Plans. Setup fast, but not too lightly as General Cal. and Gold Squadron 1 could pop up at anytime. Should not be that difficult a match as your drains with Ominous and Chiraneau get out of line.

Vs. EBO
Expect lots of action in space. You’ll be setup quicker more often that not, so drain quick. You should probably start SSPFT so that when they need to run they will have to pay through the nose, Decree can come out later since you should be able to out battle them. Your Admiral’s Order will shred most of their ships as most EBO I’ve seen focus on either Starfighters or Corvettes.

Vs. QMC
Take Bespin. Start Decree. Should be all.

Well that should do it. Any questions then feel free to leave me a message. I’ll be happy to hear your suggestions.
'