---
author: John "Parn12" Digiovanni
title: 'DBO: More Dangerous Than YOU Realize'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-23
description: 'DBO?  I thought only EBO could do that!  Show the dark side what happens when they think its "too remote."'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective (1)
Dantooine Base Operations

Locations (9)
Dantooine (S)
Farm
Forest
Spaceport Docking Bay
Coruscant
Mon Calamari
Kessel
Aquaris
Kiffex

Characters (16)
General Calrissian
Lieutenant Blount
Major Panno
Corporal Kensaric
Corporal Beezer
Kin Kian
Luke With Lightsaber
Leia With Blaster Rifle
General Crix Madine
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
First Officer Thaneespi
Admiral Ackbar
Derek ’Hobbie’ Klivian
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Colonel Cracken

Starships (19)
B-Wing Attack Squadron x3
X-Wing Assault Squadron x3
Defiance
Liberty
Home One
Mon Calamari Star Cruiser x3
Independence
Tala 1
Tala 2
Gray Squadron 1
Gold Squadron 1
Red Squadron 1
Red Squadron 4

Interrupts (3)
Heading For The Medical Frigate
The Signal x2

Effects (11)
Staging Areas (S)
Insurrection (S)
Strike Planning (S)
Your Insight Serves You Well
Goo Nee Tay
Squadron Assignments
S-Foils
Close Air Support
Menace Fades
Traffic Control
Launching The Assault

Admiral’s Orders (1)
Capital Support 

Strategy: 

Well, to start things off, all the starting effects are for going up against a generic deck.  Staging Areas helps generation (+2) maybe if you can get down to the Spaceport Docking Bay quick.  Also Insurrection helps a lot of the rebels in the deck, beefing their forfeit a good bit, then you can play a typical ROPs opener (grab a generic site with DBO, grab the Spaceport Docking Bay with Insurrection), gets you two Dantooine sites right there.  Hopefully you’ll be able to get the Farm and Docking Bay, that way you’ll be giving him 2 icons and doubling up with 4 for yourself (possibly 6 force if you can get to the DB).  And then the ever present Strike Planning, gets Crix and Calrissian into your hand, they can accellerate things a good bit.  Anyways, get to the ground, some epps to help hold the sites, some other smaller people to back them up, nothing too too much, just enough to get the job done.

Two key effects you need to get out quick: Squadron Assignments and Close Air Support.	You can pull Colonel Cracken and Lieutanant Blount from reserve deck with Crix, get Tala 1 and Tala 2 with Squadron Assignments, deploy them both to the Spaceport Docking Bay for 2 each (-1 for each starship).  Also, General Calrissian can fetch Gold Squadron 1 with Squadron Assignments (deploys for 3 total to the SP DB -2 for freighters).  And then they can all take off to Dantooine for free from the docking bay.  Close Air Support turns a skeletal force on the ground into a possible power house, considering his pilots deploy +1 to the DB, imperials are +2 to Dantooine, and Goo Nee Tay can be a pain all in its own (another +2 for anything to where Corporal Kensaric is).  Then with Tala 1 or Tala 2 at Dantooine you get to add 1 destiny, and 1 destiny to power... enough said.

If you want to play safely (and make sure close air support and kensaric are both in effect) you can probably only hold down 2 Dantooine sites, but that should be enough... especially considering you should have a huge force on Dantooine after your objective flips (non-unique cruisers deploy -3 there, uniques deploy -2, all starfighters deploy -1), plus he has no icons... I think Tala 1, Tala 2, a Mon Cal, and a X-Wing Squad could probably hold down Dantooine pretty well, they’re power 20 (26 if you play foils...).

Anyways, here’s the plan for space, you have to be a little sneaky.  Launching the Assault calls for piloted cruisers (what a pain)... and the permanent pilot just won’t do at all.	And we all want the force drain +1 from it... so what do you do?  More pilots?	Nah, too much trouble.	Have the cruiser hold one of your unique starfighters, there’s enough to go around.  Have that starfighter’s pilot start piloting the cruiser... your opponent comes to poke fun at you react off the cruiser with the starfighter, problem solved.  Okay, now here’s the painfully obvious part... cruisers gotta be out and about with your things too (they give you force drain +1 too with DBO flipped).  So, if you do it right, you’re practically playing EBO on Dantooine, only with squadrons and cruisers instead of little squad assigned fighters.  Also, keep in mind the fact that Search And Destroy won’t hurt you like it would EBO, your opponent’s deploy is pretty costly (god forbid you control Coruscant too...), and you get the nifty -1 to all his drains too.  You should be able to kick Menace Fades in fairly easily, so not only is he -1, but all his mods are canceled first, so in all essence, he’s been shut down.

Another thing to keep in mind is Capital Support, to make the second half of the game text really useful you’d have to land Calrissian and Wedge (yes, Wedge is a commander still) down on Dantooine, which means Red Squad 1 and Gold Squad 1 are just forfeit for battle.  Otherwise Captial Support is still very useful.  Get Taneespi and Ackbar onto a pair of cruisers and that gives them immunity to >4, all the squadrons have the same immunity, and all of the starfighters have immunity to at least >4... this may be crucial against a low drawing deck.  And one final note about drawing what you need fast.  With 2 Signals, the actual Effects you need, and Your Insight Serves you Well, you should be able to get the ones you REALLY need out in a respectible amount of time.  Anyways, this is a rough draft, a first attempt at a DBO deck... I’ve been wanting to for some time now.  Any help on what needs to stay in, or be taken out, is more the appreciated.  Thanks again! 