---
author: Cat "CatLoneRogue" Ceder
title: 'The Emperor goes on a trip!!!'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-05
description: 'This deck is set up for massive force loss, and force drains'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting Stuff:
Tatooine
Prepared Defense
Oppressive Enforcement
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order

Locations:
Tatooine: Judland Waste
Tatooine: Lars Moisture Farm
Tatooine: Mos Eisley
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94
Tatooine: Cantina
Sullust

Characters:
Admiral Ozzel
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Darth Vader
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
Admiral Piett
Admiral Motti
General Tagge
General Veers
Commander Igar
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Commander Brandei
Commander Merrejk
Admiral Chiraneau
Commander Gherant
Commander Desanne
Commander Nemet
Emperor Palpatine x2

Weapons:
Vader's Lightsaber
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Ships/Vehicles:
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Chimera
Devastator
Executor
Tempest 1
Blizard 1

Interrupts/Effects:
Control x3
Sense x3
Sniper
Search And Destroy
Reactor Control
Overseeing It Personally
Tatooine Occupation
Imperial Decree
Imperial Command x2
Imperial Barrier x2
Twi'lek Advisor x2
Force Lightning

Admirals Orders
We're In Attack Position Now x2



Strategy: 

Please be sure to read everything before you pass judgment. Thanks in advance.

Alternate Starting - Imperial Decree for EBO deck - removing Opressive Enforcement (but play it ASAP)

Your probably looking over this deck and saying to yourself why would anyone use those characters, well if you read Imperial Command and We're In Attack Position you'll see why. If you don't know what they do then I will tell you. Even if you do I will tell you. :)

Imperial Command:
Take one Admiral or General into hand from Reserve Deck; reshuffle. Or If your admiral is in battle at a system (or your General is in a battle at a site), you may either add one battle destiny or prevent opponent from drawing more than one battle destiny.
(basically that means that you can pull one of 4 Admirals from your deck (ie: Adm. Piett) or 1 of 2 Generals to get yourself set up. That way you'll get them again later and it's a recirculated 4 which is nice, also it allows you to look through your deck and see what's coming up if need be)

We're In Attack Position Now:
Each pilot deploys -1 (or -2 if an admiral (again the Admiral from Imp. Command) aboard a capital starship. Each capital starship with a pilt character aboard is immune to attrition <4 (or adds 2 to immunity if starship already has immunity). During each of your control phases, opponent loses 1 Force for each battleground site your general or commander controls that is related to a system you occupy.
(All most all the characters are either Admirals, Generals or Commanders so you should get a healthy force loss going, these can be backed up w/walkers and Vader)


This is a deck that I designed when D*II first came out everyone was playing the new Objectives and I wanted to re-do the good old fashion beat down on everyone's favorite planet, Tatooine. The deck has gone 8-0 in tournaments and 13-1 in non-tournaments (the one being when I first made the deck and was teching it out). It originally had 2 Lord Vaders, but I opted to take them out because I like my signed Darth Vader (by David Prowes) and my signed Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith, signed by James Earl Jones, either one's work in this deck.

Against most decks, they really don't stand a chance, even Hidden Base, you set up on Tatooine and get Tatooine Occupation out that, along with We're In Attack Position makes your opponent loose on the average of 8 force a turn, not counting force drains. Again on average a force loss w/draining and key potentials is an astronomical (based on only 4 locations out) 1 for Tatooine (the planet) 2 FD + 2FL (for the DB) 3 FD + 2 FL (for Judland Waste) and the same for Lar's Moisture for a total of = 9 Force Drain and 6 Force Loss - due to draining and Overseeing It Personally, Tatooine Occupation and We're In Attack Position Now.
This deck is very easy to set up, on your first turn you grab the Executor, that way you can start saving for Tatooine, also if it's there grab the docking bay (after you activate of course) pick up a 1 or 2 to see what you can get. If you get the Emperor quick enough deploy him and a scrub or two on the ground, usually at the Docking Bay for the extra Activation, now you can draw on average of about 2 a turn into your hand. Don't worry about Grimtaash because you don't have that many doubles to really worry about. When you get enough force drop the Executor, look for Piett w/Imperial Command and then get We're In Attack Position Now using Pietts ability. You should be able to do all this by the 6th turn (without assistance from your opponent providing your force) If he is then you can do it quicker which is always nice in the game. :)

Once you have it set up just back up your characters w/ Commanders and Generals on the Ground and Admirals on the three different ships so that you can move some of the Sullust along w/BFiS1. Your keep is to NOT let them control Tatooine the planet, with the Executor, Chimera, Devastator, ZiMH and BFiS1 there really shouldn't be any problem. With Chinerau you can add another to the FD @ Tatooine and 1 more at Sullust if your opponent is playing heavy space. The reason I chose Sullust is because the local meta here still plays Haven so I want to cancel that if I can. Also it's a nice FD of 2 (or 3 again if Chinerau is out)

AGAINST CERTAIN DECKS!

Profit - This is the most difficult to stand up against because they also sworm over Tatooine, but w/walkers and Vader/Emperor you shouldn't have to much of a problem. Use your Sniper and Force Lightning wisely to maximize your drains and keep an ability of at least 5 around that way you can back up your scrubs if you need be, and remember that if you control the system you can add the power bonus of at least 3 usually. Don't forget to make them loose force from Occupation

Hidden Base - Believe it or not this is an easy match up most HB decks don't support alot of characters, while they can cacel two of your drains they can't cancel your Force Loss to them so that will still get them. Probe smart using the BH's to do that or a Ship if you can make sure to fly back to Tatooine to back it up. Remember only probe when they flip and only at one time and MAKE SURE YOU CAN MAKE IT TO TATOOINE or else you'll get the beat down in space and you don't want that.

There Is Good... - This is a nasty little deck as well, but still easily dispatched, granted your opponent start's w/a Luke and his stick and that's nice and all but what's he going to do against a huge loss like you can generate, and remember that you have ships in space so if you need to you can bring Vader and the escorted Luke there that way you can't loose Vader to a battle and then have Luke captured by some scrub and make you loose 2 a turn. (I made that mistake, needless to say I still one the game but only by 7)

M&T - same as profit pretty much, just set up w/ enough ability to draw destiny then back up where needed. Just watch out for the Super Falcon, this where you dominate w/enough power in space you can keep the Falcon away and DONT deploy Sullust unless it's absolutely necessary. Other wise the FL and FD's should do him in quite nicely.

TRM - same as above.

Mind What You Have Learned... - This deck is almost to easy to beat, not that I am saying that MWYHL is easy but it can't handle a force drain and a force loss (which Jedi Test one doesn't suspend) that much and eventually they loose to many key cards. This deck has gone up against 2 MWYHL decks and usually by the time they finish the 5th test they're loosing the next turn because of the Loss and Drains. (Warning tho. If they have test 3 completed remember to have 6 ability around to draw destiny...again I made that mistake and it cost me some cards)


Well this is designed for the local meta in my area. Of course things can be changed for other peoples playing style but I will continue to play this deck and making changes along the way to make it even better but I believe that at this point in the decks life it's at the best...right now. Of course I could always make changes and critique is always welcomed as I will try and respond to everyone and if you have questions or want some information about a certain card then let me know and I will tell you why that's there or why I don't have that in my deck. So good luck and May The Force Be.... Well you know the rest.

Cat "The Garindan Collector" Ceder