---
layout: post
author: ! Mike "Mackie" Nash
title: ! "MWYHL Mains and Toys"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-15
description: ! "Test Daughter to 3 and beat the opponent with endless mains."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'STARTING (6)
MWYHL/SYIC
Dagobah
Heading for the Medical Frigate
The Way of Things
Wise Advice
Your Insight Serves You Well

LOCATIONS (6)
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Dagobah Training Area
Dagobah Jungle
Cloud City Lower Corridor
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber
Kessel

CHARACTERS (16)
Yoda
Daughter Of Skywalker
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
2x EPP Luke
Obi-Wan Kenobi
2x EPP Obi
2x Captain Han Solo
General Calrissian
Chewbacca
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Melas
BoShek

STARSHIPS (6)
2x Millenium Falcon
Home One
Spiral
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Red Leader in Red 1

EFFECTS (9)
Order To Engage
Yoda's Hope
Traffic Control
Honor Of The Jedi
2x Push On Us?
Draw Their Fire
Battle Plan
Mantellian Savrip

INTERUPTS (14)
3x The Signal
2x Our Only Hope
2x Sense
2x Alter
Smoke Screen
Rebel Barrier
Gift Of The Mentor
Clash Of Sabers
Quite A Mercenary

JEDI TESTS (3)
Great Warrior
A Jedi's Strenght
Domain Of Evil
'

Strategy: '

This deck is a combination of an old strategy with new cards. Test to 2 decks used to rule the tourny scene. This deck is bascially the same thing, except they give you three so you might as well take it. The basic strategy is to get set up on dagobah with Yoda and Daughter. Test using the conventional method (you all know it by now). You should have test 3 done by the 4th turn. Once this is done get yoda to the hut and for the remainder of the game the opponents destiny draws are minus 1 and the total attrition is minus 2. Pretty sweet if you ask me. EPP characters stay around longer this way. The cloud city sites and kessel are in there for good drain locations. I threw in a little sense alter as a surprise (all draws are plus 4 because of the objective) and if you can track a 2 you can get rid of pesky effects. The best part about this deck is that it is good against whatever it sees. Space, ground, battle, drain it can do it all. The strategy is simple now for the individual matchups.

Against BHBM-Start the regulars occupy a battle ground (usually kessel) and sac Insight to pull up honor. I love playing against this deck because you can deploy luke for minus 2 whenever. Use him to beatdown with obi if they try to spread out. Both their destiny draws (one for emporers power) are minus 1 and attrition is minus 2 so your guys should stay around awile. You also have Our Only Hope to either subtract 2 from destiny draws or pull back cards on insignifigant rebellion. You shouldn't be scared about luke getting converted because you can pull off 2 cards. You should beat this deck 9/10 because your space smacks them up and all the minus stuff on their draws combined w/ savrip keep your boys around longer.

Against Endor Ops- Jedi test 1 hurts them right off the bat. Once you test go right to them in space while setting up on cloud city to drain. Savrip along with the tests will outlast them in space. Remeber it takes 6 ability for them to draw battle destiny (jedi test 2) and most of those ships only add 1 or 2. Should be an easy win.

Against Court- Get honor to stop the force loss from the objective. Depending on your hand try and outdrain them or go fight them. Space might be tough with all of those bounty hunters. If they play scum you will be in for a fun one in space. Get out savrip and keep the falcon alive (with all of the attrition minus 2 and destiny draws minus 1) Should be a good fun game, but you should win most of the time.

Against RalOps- Tough matchup. You are going to have to go to them. Test to 3 and just go all out with battles. Keep the attack on. Screw draining just battle. You shouldn't have a problem taking over ralltiir system. Get the boys down and try and flip the objective back. Once you do that the game should be a good one. If you let them sit and drain you will lose. I am thinking about adding Projections if it gets to be a problem.

Well thats about it. Hope you liked it'