---
layout: post
author: ! Brian "Red 81" Guthrie
title: ! 'Court of the Vile Gangster v1.0'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-01-10
description: ! 'This is my first cut at the new objective.  Primarily a ground pounder withcapturing and Scum and Villany.  Be brutal, but constructive'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations/Objective (11)
Court of the Vile Gangster
JP Audience Chamber (s)
JP Dungeon (s)
Tatooine Great Pit of Carkoon (s)
JP Rancor Pit
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Hoth Docking Bay
Yavin IV Docking Bay

Ships, Vehicles, Weapons, Devices (7)
Jabba's Space Cruiser
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Blizzard 1
Dengar's Riot Gun
Mara's Saber

Characters (25)
Darth Vader, DLOTS
Vader with Saber
Mara Jade (x2)
Dengar with Blaster Carbine
Bossk with Mortar Gun
Jodo Kast
IG-88 with Gun
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle
Boba Fett (x2)
Bane Malar
Djas Puhr
Ree-Yees
Zuckuss
Outer Rim Scout (x3)
Dr. Evazan
Jabba the Hutt
Jabba
Gailid
Mosep
Rancor
Bubo

Effects/Interrupts (17)
Twi-lek Advisor (x2)
All Wrapped Up (s)
Imperial Decree
Security Precautions
Hell to Pay
Bounty (x2)
Scum and Villany (x2)
Trap Door (x2)
Hidden Weapons (x2)
Oota-Goota Solo
Masterful Move
Elis Helrot '

Strategy: '

There are so many ways to play this objective, but I opted for the direct approach Concentrate on Tatooine, and make the LS come to you.
Obviously, the objective allows you to travel the space line via docking bays, but I opted to only include Yavin IV and Hoth for Imperial Decree.  That way, if LS decides to ignore you, you can at least cancel their drain bonuses.
Gailid and particularly Mosep are included to really make the LS feel the pain if they stay away from Tatooine.  There is nothing worse than being forced to lose force from the force pile.  I did not include Expand the Empire because I lack SAC protection, but it also deserves consideration.
Scum and Villany really makes this deck hum, and should allow you to set up quickly on the ground.  Mara is the perfect compliment to this strategy, and gives the deck a big gun.  Despite this, I added 2 Vaders 'just in case'.  I suppose old habits die hard

Once the LS decides to engage you on Tatooine, let the games begin  All Wrapped Up is the usual start for this deck, though Imperial Decree (for Operatives) and Security Precautions (for HB) can also be used.  In addition to AWU, the deck has multiple ways to capture LS characters.
Bountys allow for some cheap force regeneration, and of course the Rancor and Trap Door allow you to neatly (and painfully for the LS) dispose of your prisoners.  Of course, the Sarlacc is the other option, and could be easily incorporated with the addition of 2 Skiffs (to protect your aliens from the creature attack).
The Sarlacc is worthy of consideration, but I opted for the Rancor and Trap Door (2 recycling 5's are always a plus)

One thing I've struggled with is the choice of ships for this deck.  Obviously, the Bus and Boba in Slave I are the natural choices; however, since Bossk and Boba are also needed on the ground, what is the DS to do?
To address this problem, I have added 3 ORS and Jabba's Space Cruiser.  The ORS are nice because they get the S&V bonus and can draw destiny on independent starships.  To this end, I may eventually replace some of my other ships with 'EMPTY' bounty hunter ships for the added flexibility they offer.
Thoughts, comments, and criticisms of this approach are welcomed.
'