---
layout: post
author: Alex "aljex" Helmke
title: 'Hunt Down and KILL v1.0'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-15
description: ! 'KILL'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations [7]
Rendili
ExecutorDocking Bay
ExecutorMeditation Chamber
Executor Holotheater
Coruscant Docking Bay
Cloud City Docking Bay
Death Star Docking Bay

Characters [17]
Lord Vaderx2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sithx2
EPP Vader
Mara Jade, The Emporers hand x2
Emperor Palpatine
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Dr. Evanzan
Admiral Ozzel
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Captain Sarkli
Ephant Mon
r2-Q2

Starships [4]
Chimaera
Executor
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Boba Fett in Slave 1

Vehicles [1]
Blizzard 2

Weapons [3]
Vaders Saber x2
Mara Jades Lightsaber

Effects [16]
There’ll be hell to pay
Power of the Hutt
Oppresive Enforcement
Secret Plans
You Cannot Hide Forever
Visage Of the Emperorx2
Bad Felling Have I
Lateral Damage
Search and Destroy
Disarmed
No Escape
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
Battle Order

Interrupts [10]
Twi’lek Advisor
Focused Attack
Alter
Masterful Move
Monnok
The Circle is Now Complete
Vaders Obsession
You Are Beaten
Prepared Defences
Sniper

Epic Event[1]
Epic Duel

Objective [1]
Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi/There fire has Gone Out of the Universe

Starting [9]
HDADTJ/TFHGOOTU
Epic Duel
Executor Holotheater
Visage of the Emporer
Executor Meditation Chamber
Prepared Defences
Mob. Points
Imperial Arrest Order
-depends on deck-

'

Strategy: '


this is my first Deck post so be easy on me

    I  start the regualar HD stuff, Prepared Defences, mobilization Points, Imperial Arrest order, and the third on depends on the deck I’m playing. This deck is basically designed to get vader to a battleground site so you can flip, so the opponant can lose force to visage, and/or force drains. I usually duel near the end of the game, and if i am confident enough to. I’ve had some pretty exiting duels, where i draw a 6 and a 7, plus Focused Attack (;-) Matt Ward). So do your duels near the end of the game, or if you are going to lose and you want to be suicidal ;-). Oh yeah watch out for the stupid Jedi Luke, subtracting from your duel destiny.grrrrrrrrrrrrrr,Nick
  This deck has won several games, and I’m not doubting it will win more.
     All right, enough of my nonsense gibberish, now time for the matchups
EBO I would start Battle Plan, or Imperial Decree, if you want to risk Ice Storms. You could also start Hide and Seek, to grab S&D, but its your choice. Get Vader out as fast as you can to a battle ground sites, i dont think youll have trouble aganst land, becase in all the EBO’s I’[ve played against, they dont have much land. I usually dont go into space, unless they have 1 starship or something that you could beatdown on. This can be an easy win, but you have to concentrrraaaaaatttteee.
MWYHL I start Secret Plans, so they have hard retrieval, they sometimes dont have any battle ground sites, so trhey rely on yours. I would try to find power of the Hutt, because they sometimes have spys to deploy caceling your Visage, but that rarely happens. I would but characters at yuor DB’s so that you can start generating early. get vader out fast, so you can flip. This should be an easy game if you play your cards right.
RST This might cause you problems, but not that many. Id either start Battle order or Power of the Hutt cuz you know they will have spys with that cheap Close Air support, so Id suggest starting that. You could go hunting on Endor, or just stick with your sites. Go after the Jedis so you can flip back. This should be an easy win, but still watch your guard for those little annoying scouts, that do good things to bad people. make sure to beat down and their lone ewok, right matt ;-).
Agents in the Court Hmmmm.....I guess I’d start Battle Order, this deck dosnt really focus on space. My brother has this deck, and i beat it regularly, so its not that hard to beat for me ;-). But you could watch out for some mains they will have and palace raiders too, but other then that, youll do fine if you stick to your strategy and not go insane.
QMC uh, ok you are pretty insane if you play this deck this should be an easy win, just take over CC with yuor Vader and thats game, WHO PLAYS THIS DECK ANYWAY?
DBO read above stated paragraph.
ahh yes and ProfitStart Mara and Dr e at the chamber, so get her weopon and start some operation. Get vader out also, so you can flip cant forget that now. After they let Han out if they get han out, nnew strategy Hunt Down and Destroy Annoying Mains named Han Solo. After that, thell be crying so automatic win right there for you sport.
Well I think thats all the decks Ive seen out there, this is my 1st deck post so be easy on me, I would like some constructive criticism, but not pointless bashing just to make fun of me. so thats the deck i have alot of fun with it i think you will too, My thanks to Brian Hunter for this deck design, thanks to everyone who made this deck possible, and finally, i thanks myself for not getting last in a tourney with this deck.
    Well thanks for looking, reviewing and correcting my decks.
    Good Hunting
				    -Alex ’aljex’ Helmke '