---
layout: post
author: ! Andrew "Gadget" Ledwith
title: ! "Snub Fighters"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-09
description: ! 'Hidden Base w/o Squadron Assignments. Very well balanced deck. Uses a few post-DS2 HB tricks.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (8)
Dantooine
Endor
Kiffex
Mon Calamari
Rendezvous Point
Sullust
Yavin 4
[Hidden Base Marker]

Characters (15)
Boussh
Chewbacca
Colonel Cracken
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Harc Seff
Lieutenant Blount
Luke With Lightsaber  x2
Melas
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x2
Romas '

Strategy: '

Characters (cont.)
Tawss Khaa
Wedge Antilles

Starships (12)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Gold Squadron Y-wing  x2
Lando In Millennium Falcon
Liberty
Nebulon-B Frigate  x2
Red Leader In Red 1
Red Squadron X-wing  x2
Spiral
Tantive IV

Interrupts (11)
Clash Of Sabers  x2
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Hyper Escape  x2
Rebel Barrier  x2
Shocking Information  x2
The Signal  x2

Effects (12)
Battle Plan
Demotion
Do, Or Do Not
Haven
Honor Of The Jedi
Order To Engage
Traffic Control
Uncontrollable Fury
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?  x2
Wise Advice
Your Insight Serves You Well

Devices (1)
Landing Claw

Objective (1)
Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip Through Your Fingers




Sorry for the confusion people. My submission must have been cut off somehow.

Okay, first of all, when you review this, DON'T TELL ME TO ADD SQUADRON ASSIGNMENTS I will not do it. That's not a suggestion to improve this deck, that's a suggestion to build a completely different deck.

Start out with Hidden Base, RPoint, Heading For The Medical Frigate, Battle Plan, Wise Advice, and Your Insight Serves You Well. If you're opponent is making you lose force in a way that HotJedi can cure, kill off YISYW to get HotJedi. It's the only card that it can pull in this deck, but if you don't need it, don't get it right away, since being able to slash Dark Jedi easier is cool.

Pull out all your systems normally, Endor should come first because of it's movement -1 from RPoint. That brings me to my next point Movement -1. RPoint, Sullust, Mon Cal, Endor and Yavin 4 (when Haven is on it), DS2, and the system DS2 orbits all have movement -1 text in this deck. I keep playing all these SD decks that play Something Special Planned For Them, and it's impossible to move everything away. It's such a pain. But with movement -1 it becomes a little bit easier. Kiffex is my drain-2 system. Dantooine gives me RPoint/Haven-like deployment bonuses, and my opponent can't deploy there.

The st'ship mix in this deck is designed such that you shouldn't have to have you pilots in space to make them work. They're all ability 2-3 (except the Frigates), so destiny drawing should be a snap. The Frigates are in the deck for 3 reasons
1) cheaper than Mon Cals
2) Higher destiny than Mon Cals/non-unique Corvettes
3) Can hold 2 starfighters, helping out with Something Special Planned For Them

The characters. EPP Luke, Han and Obi. Standard stuff. Boussh? Well, yeah. I'm sick of 1 drain on the ground killing me. She saved me vs a RalOps deck that was draining me for 2-2-2 at the 3 sites. I couldn't cancel the last 2 with HB, and it was near the end of the game and I didn't have enough to contend with him on the ground. So I dropped Boussh and UFury on Vader. That won the game for me. Harc Seff, Melas, and Tawss Khaa are my 3 aliens, for stuff like RalOps, Perimeter Patrol, and ISB (the kind that controls Coruscant system with an iron fist so my Rebels can't deploy to the sites). Two spies - Cracken and Blount. Good stuff. The last 3 characters Chewbacca's got high power and adds a destiny with Han. Romas cancels reacts, which are still prominent. ANH Wedge adds 3 to power, deploys for 2 and has a 4 in destiny.

The one device Landing Claw. This card wins games. Sure, this is a space deck. But I'm not going up against the Executor with the entire Saber Squadron at their side. I'm not crazy. So I go undercover. They don't drain me, and I can drain them elsewhere. Even though there's a new way to cancel it - Godhert - they still have to get him there, which could be tricky.

The interrupts are pretty standard for an HB deck. The one standout is Clash. Great card. I've got 4 characters with built-in sabers, plus it cancels PotF, so it's good in my deck. Plus, in a pinch, I could always use it to pull UFury. I discussed the movement -1 stuff above, and Hyper Escape is just a natural for that. In some cases you can play it for free. There's 2 Signals for pulling effects, 2 shocks to cycle and to kill off Miyoon, and 2 barriers to protect yourself with.

Effects are the backbone of any deck. The grapplers play for free because of Wise Advice. Play Demotion on crazy destiny-adding or otherwise annoying Imperials, like Igar, Baron, Mara, Chiraneau, Merrejk, or whoever. Haven should be played on Y4, not on Sullust or RPoint. I'm packing Do Or Do Not in addition to Wise Advice because of BHBM heavy SAC decks which just make me angry. Order to Engage is for putting a lockdown on anyone who thought they could mess with you and found out they couldn't.

That's it. Just get flipped ASAP, and battle the opponent where ever they may be. Your destiny average is good, so slashing and shooting people should be pretty easy. And don't worry, Sqassins doesn't have to be in every HB deck. If you have any questions, just D-mail me.

Andrew Ledwith
"Gadget" '