---
author: Andy "RexBanner7" Klema
title: 'SYCFA High Destiny Tech'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-10
description: 'Very high destinies, mixed with some nice meta-tech make this deck a killer.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations: 10
Alderaan
Cloud City: Downtown Plaza
Coruscant
Dagobah: Cave
Death Star
Death Star: Docking Bay 327
Death Star: War Room
Endor: Forest Clearing
Kashyyyk
Tatooine: Cantina

Starships: 4
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Death Squadron Star Destroyer
Executor
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Characters: 14
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle
Dannik Jerriko
Darth Vader
Darth Vader with Lightsaber
Dengar with Blaster Carbine x2
Dr. Evazan
Grand Moff Tarkin
IG-88 with Riot Gun x2
Jabba
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand x2

Effects: 10
Battle Order
Blast Door Controls
Come Here You Big Coward
Disarmed
Lateral Damage
Oppressive Enforcement
Security Precautions
There Is No Try
There'll Be Hell To Pay x2

Interrupts: 20
Boring Conversation Anyway
Elis Helrot x2
Imperial Barrier x2
Jabba's Through With You
Masterful Move x2
Monnok x2
Oo-ta Goo-ta Solo?
Shocking Revelation x2
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
Sniper x2
Torture x2
Twi'lek Advisor x2

Weapons: 1
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Objective: 1
Set Your Course For Alderaan


Strategy: 

First of all, this is a pre-DS2 deck, so remember that. The Torture's instead of the numbers canceling effect should help to remind you. Basically, this is a high destiny deck, based on SYCFA. Why that particular objective? To be honest, I don't know. HuntDown required to many extra cards, and this seemed like the next best choice. I'm immune to Revo, and I pull a 2/0 site first turn. Pretty good starting activation too. Anyway, you're probably wondering why I can call this tech. I'll show you a few examples. Shocking Revelation is great in this deck. Why you might ask? Because this deck revolves so much around characters that Oola is a big problem. Plus, it's a recyclable 5 and since I start with a Scomp Link on the table, I can always recycle it. Blast Door Controls is huge. Barrier is a problem for this deck because of the limited amount of characters and starships. BDC cancels it, and also cancels Narrow Escape for some anti-Profit tech. Now Boring Conversation Anyway is pure tech. Let's say I don't get out BDC, or it gets Altered. I Barrier someone, they Skywalkers my Barrier. So I BCA that Skywalkers. This card is huge. A used 5 that cancels 3 of the best destiny adders in the game, as well as Surprise Assault. Great Card. Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down is a meta card. Rescue the Princess is coming back, and this cancels HDWGITM?, Death Star Plans, and Bacta Tank, the latter of which is often used anyway. Anti EBO is Masterful Move x2 and Monnok x2, as well as ships that are, for the most part, immune to some amount of attrition, and a Lateral Damage for beatdown purposes. This is a great deck, with great tech, so try it out.