---
author: Christopher "Czar011" Zdarsky
title: 'MWYHL With Some Elom Help'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-14
description: 'This deck trains Daughter of Skywalker while your other Mains and Eloms have fun going after the opponent, wherever they are.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective (1):
Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can

Locations (8):
Dagobah
Dagobah: Yoda's Hut
Dagobah: Bog Clearing
Dagobah: Jungle
Dagobah: Training Area
Kessel
Endor: Back Door
Endor: Dense Forest

Jedi Tests (6):
Great Warrior
A Jedi's Strength
Domain of Evil
Size Matters Not
It Is The Future You See
You Must Confront Vader

Starships (5):
Millennium Falcon
Home One
Red Leader In Red 1
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Artoo-Detoo In Red 5

Weapons (5):
Luke's Lightsaber
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber
Ewok Catapault x3

Devices (3):
Luke's Backpack
Electrobinoculars x2

Characters (16):
Yoda
Luke Skywalker
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Daughter of Skywalker
General Solo
Captain Han Solo
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk
Lando Calrissian
Luke Skywalker
Elom x6

Interrupts (8):
Heading To The Medical Frigate
The Signal
Grimtaash x2
On The Edge x3
Clash Of Sabers

Effects (8):
The Way Of Things
Wise Advice
Your Insight Serves You Well
Honor Of The Jedi
Battle Plan
Yoda's Hope
Traffic Control
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?



Strategy: 

*** Quick Note *** One of "Luke Skywalker's" in the deck lis is actually a "Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight." I caught the mistake after I submitted the deck.

This is my first attempt at building a MWYHL deck since the release of Death Star II.  With the help of The Way Of Things, this deck is super-fast.  The three effects I usually start with are: Wise Advice, The Way Of Things and Your Insight Serves You Well.  I train Daughter of Skywalker so that I can have Jedi Luke and Obi-Wan with the rest of the gang duke it out on the ground.	I chose the Endor sites because General Solo, CoK and Luke all deploy fairly cheap there.  Also, it gives me some battlegrounds to occupy to satisfy Come Here You Big Coward to insure that I can retrieve my force after I finish Jedi Test #5.  The Eloms are huge, as they are power 4 with an Imperial.  Thus they give Hunt Down, Bring Him Before Me, and Ralltiir Decks fits.  The deck is pretty self-explanitory other than that.  There are 4 destiny 7's in the deck, and I've never had a problem pulling one for Jedi Test #5.	Thanks in advance to everyone who takes the time to review this.
