---
layout: post
author: Chris "Artwo" Fanchi
title: 'Imperial Tyranny/Dark Jedi Dominance'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-12
description: ! 'The ULTIMATE BHBM deck.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
Bring Him Before Me/ take Your Father's Place
DSII Throne Room
Your Destiny
Insignifigant Rebellion
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
Combat Response

Locations (6)
Endor
Sullust
DSII Docking Bay
Endor Back Door
Endor Landing Platform
Spaceport Docking Bay

Characters (20)
Emperor Palpatine
Admiral Piett
Baron Soontir Fel
Captain Yorr
Colonel Davod Jon
Colonel Jendon
Commander Merrejk
Darth Vader x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
DS-181-4
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Janus Greejatus
Leiutenant Commander Ardan
Lord Vader
Major Mianda
Major Turr Phennir
Myn Kyneugh
Sim Aloo

Weapons (2)
Vader's Lightsaber x2

Vehicles/Starships (11)
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 4
Tempest Scout 5
Executor
Onyx 1
Onyx 2
Saber 1
Saber 2
Saber 4
Scythe 1

Effects (6)
Emperor's Power
Empire's New Order
I Am Your Father
Oppressive Enforcement
Overseeing It Personally
Reactor Terminal

Interrupts (7)
All Power To Weapons x2
Force Field
Force Lightning
I Have You Now
The Circle Is Now Complete x2
'

Strategy: '

This is possibly the best way to go with this particular objective. Not only are you incredibly powerful on the ground (with the ability to jump from planet to planet) but you also have a very formidable space fleet.
First, what you want to do is get the DSII DB with Insurrection and sit Palpatine there. This gives you a solid 7 force on your next turn. Then you want to start getting out the docking bays (the Spaceport one is in there for a Dan Ops, Tatooine, etc. based deck that you can't get to) and prepare Vader to start beating down your opponent.
If your opponent is playing ground, you can use the Executor (which you can grab with Mob Pts.) and have it patrol space, maybe with an escort TIE or 2. Then you use the remaining pilots to control your AT-STs (all of the pilots add 3 to what they pilot) and send Vader and Tarkin out to slaughter the opponent.
If they're playing a Training deck, you need to spread and drain quickly. With Endor and Sullust, you have a drain 2 without bonuses, so Test 1 doesn't effect them. Just be prepared with Vader out so if they Test 6 you, you can beatdown the apprentice and, I can't stress this enough, don't forget that JTs are suspended while the apprentice is not on table. That means NO 7 destiny, NO extra destiny, NO FD bonus cancellation, etc.
Finally, if they're playing space, just try to get out your pilot/ship combos quickly to defend against drain. If you're afraid of big attrition, then just put you're pilots on the Executor; your power will be lower but you may avoid losing to attrition. Also, try to get your TIEs going with All Power... in order to really devastate them. And probe (for their HB) every opportunity you get. All that plus ground drains and Your Destiny should kill 'em pretty fast.
If you don't want to capture Luke and face the force loss early, just put Vader on an AT-ST or Executor so he's not present with Luke.'