---
layout: post
author: ! Bryan "DMX" Prittie
title: ! "The PowerHouse"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-22
description: ! "This is the Hunt Down deck I used at my last tourny.  It went unbeaten at 3-0, and has the STUFF."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'[STARTING CARDS - 8]
x1 Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi
x1 Epic Duel
x1 Executor Meditation Chamber
x1 Executor Holotheatre
x1 Visage of the Emperor
x1 Prepared Defenses
x1 Imperial Arrest Order
x1 Mobilization Points
x1 Crush the Rebellion

[ADDITIONAL LOCATIONS - 4]
x1 Endor Dark Forest
x1 Endor Forest Clearing
x1 Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
x1 Executor Docking Bay

[CHARACTERS - 13]
x1 Darth Vader
x2 Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith
x2 Lord Vader
x2 Grand Moff Tarkin
x2 Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
x2 Emperor Palpatine
x1 Sim Aloo
x1 Janus Greejatus

[STARSHIPS - 4]
x1 Boba Fett in Slave One
x1 Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
x1 Dengar in Punishing One
x1 Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

[WEAPONS - 3]
x2 Vader’s Lightsaber
x1 Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

[EFFECTS - 9]
x1 Come Here You Big Coward
x1 No Escape
x1 Search and Destroy
x1 Disarmed
x2 Presence of the Force
x1 Secret Plans
x1 Visage of the Emperor
x1 Reactor Terminal

[INTERRUPTS - 19]
x2 I Have You Now
x1 Evader
x1 Sniper
x1 You Are Beaten
x1 Force Lightning
x3 Sense
x3 Alter
x1 Unexpected Interruption
x1 Vader’s Obsession
x1 Focused Attack
x1 The Circle is Now Complete
x2 Twi’Lek Advisor
x1 Masterful Move '

Strategy: '

Rendili was not needed for me.  You can add it if you wish, but if I pull both docking bays, by turn 3, I activate 6 force, which is enough to stick Vader out to a DB and use Mob. Points, that is if they give me NO force, but if they do, than it works out even better.  I have had no problem with FORCE CHOKE decks.

This deck has all the component’s to win in today’s SWCCG tournament circuit.  I went a perfect 3-0 for me in my last tournament.  Here are the match-ups it faced

Game 1
vs. HB w/ Matching Pilots
My opponent’s rating 1390
FW+16

Game 2
vs. Rend. Point start w/ Signal for Squassin
My opponent’s rating 1500
FW+28

Game 3
vs. New Age Throne Room (Scouts)
My Opponent’s Rating 1889
FW+8


All these games, the game was clearly in my control.  With Crusht the Rebellion, Vader is clearly a ONE-MAN army, but with Tarkin, his duels are unstoppable, or better yet, unbeatable.  If you get out Palpy w/ Sim Aloo at one site, and Vader + Tarkin at another, and you duel with Focused Attack in your hand, you will NEVER LOSE A SINGLE DUEL.  I never had to duel in the tournament, but here was a scenario which occured in playesting  My opponent deploys Jedi Luke + Stick and EPP Leia to where I have Tarkin and Vader.  He doesn’t have enough force to initiate, so I go.  I disarm Luke, Sniper Leia, initiate battle, play Vader’s Obsession (Lord Vader + stick) and use Sim Aloo’s game text, to find he has a 2 stacked on top, I leave it.  Now I know I have a tracked 7, which will already win me the duel.  I proceed to flip over a 7, 6, 1 (Focused Attack).  He flips over a 2, and a 5....but Tarkin cancels the 5.  Now, he didn’t want to lose 18 force, so he lost 6 and gave me Jedi Luke, which makes 3 Jedi on my side of the table.	He was too scared to deploy Obi, and I won by the high 20s.

Vader can hold his own.  Here was a cool scenario that happended at the tournament.  It was my last game, I was playing a high rated player (he was 1889) and he deploys Corporal Kensaric and moves over Madine to the EndorDB where Vader is.  I go, give Vader his stick, initiate battle, and choke Kensaric....miss, but YAB him (you’ll see why)....and swing at Madine (hit) and play I Have You Now (that’s why) and flip over a tracked 7 and a 1.  He gets no destiny and he loses like 12 force.  Then I await to beatdown Kensaric when ready.  I could’ve won by more that game, but CHYBC came out late.

If your opponent goes to the Executor sites early, DO NOT DEPLOY THE EXECUTORDB, Twi’Lek for CHYBC and that is game.  This worked flawlessly in my last game.  Once this came out, my opponent knew it was game.

This by far, is one of my favorite DS decks to play.  Some ppl prefer BHBM, but I don’t like losing 1 a turn to my objective, and I will USUALLY ALWAYS BE FLIPPED with this deck.

This deck is fun, it wins under the right hands, and DEFINITELY has beatdown potential.  I built this deck the night before the tournament at 2am (not good, I am a bad exampe)....(read my latest TR for more details) and ONLY PLAYTESTED ONCE  That is proof right there that the deck is not hard to play, so give it a try

Bryan ’DMX’ P

This deck was my savior, cuz my LS was a BIG FAT A$$	  '