---
layout: post
author: Andy "RexBanner7" Klema
title: 'Muhahahahahahaha! (Harvest)'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-03-22
description: 'The title doesn't really mean anything. Basically, this is a version of the Harvest Choke deck (not the deck with that name, just the concept), tweaked to my play style.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations (9)
Dagobah: Yoda's Hut
Endor: Chief Chirpa's Hut
Hoth: Echo Command Center
Rendezvous Point
Tatooine: Lars Moisture Farm
Tatooine: Obi-Wan's Hut
Yavin 4: Massassi Headquarters
Yavin 4: Massassi Ruins
Yavin 4: Massassi War Room

Starships (5)
Gold Leader
Lando in Millenium Falcon
Red Leader
Spiral
Tantive IV

Characters (23)
Ben Kenobi x2
Beru Lars x2
B'omarr Monk
Bothan Spy x2
Boushh
Chewbacca
Han with Gun x2
Leia with Gun
Luke with Lightsaber
Master Luke x2
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Oola x2
Orrimaarko
Owen Lars x2
Tawss Khaa
Wedge Antilles

Effects (7)
Bacta Tank
Civil Disorder
Do Or Do Not
Insurrection
Mechanical Failure
Order to Engage
Wise Advice

Interrupts (16)
Careful Planning
Don't Forget the Droids x2
Harvest x5
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes
Shocking Information x2
Tunnel Vision x5 

Strategy: 

Simply put, Harvest is a great deck. This is probably the best way to play it. I don't play Revo's in this deck for 3 reasons: 1. I play more mains, so I don't rely on Force Choke. 2. There is a lot of anti-revo going on. 3. I didn't want to have to make the room. The deck works pretty simple. The twix sites hampers your opponents activation, and greatly enhances yours. Drain at your opponents sites while retrieving every so often with Harvest. Let me stress this part: Grabbers do NOT kill Harvest. Yes the limit the retrieval, but if you pull off every Harvest in your deck, you still retrieve 20 force in the game. That wins games for you. The only way people are going to stop the Harvesting is with a whole mess of characters, or Trample. Trample isn't in every deck, so when it happens, it happens. That's why there are multiple Owens and Berus. But if a whole lot of characters come down, they're trapped there. Slap down Insurrection, and spread out on their sites. If they spread out, hammer them. You have the technology. Mains still make any game close, even if Harvest is stopped. Little bits of extra tech. CHYBC is no problem. B'omarr makes Obi's Hut a battleground. Extra drain and problem solved. Oola and Civil Disorder creates a virtual lock on opponent. Use it to spread out, and cause force loss. Vs certain decks:

HuntDown: Good matchup. Nar Shadda + 2 Bothans as		well as Boushh = no Visage. I don't see			dueling around here. It's a meta decision not		to put the interrupts in. If you need them,		use them. Vader can be taken out easily,			spread to drain.

Raltiir Ops: Tawss Khaa and non main characters 		(Orrimaarko, etc) can invade Raltiir.Get			the Oola lock going for extra damage.

Ops: Order to Engage is in here for generic Ops.		Shockers are for manipulator version, or any		other manipulator, and Don't Forget the Droids
	are for Raithal #s.

Big Blue: Necessary Ships to hold a system, or at		least cause a problem in space. Mech Failure		for a nasty walker beatdown. High desinies			help to take out people.

Any questions, e-mail me BEFORE you review. Thanks. 