---
layout: post
author: Chris "LittleTwigg" Terwilliger
title: 'LittleTwiggs Bring Him Before Me'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-23
description: ! 'This deck has served me well for the last few months.  Simple strategy.  Get luke, and destroy the opponent.  If they choose other wise theyll loose 3 a turn.  Its fast, furious, and what else can I say, it wins.  Record since (and during) decipherc'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations(7)
Death Star II Throne Room
Death Star II Docking Bay
Endor Docking Bay
Cloud City Docking Bay
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Endor
Carida

Characters(19)
Emperor Plapatine
Lord Vader x4
Mara Jade x2
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Danik "Sup Nazi" Jerrico
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle
Commnder Igar
Grand Moff Tarkin
Danger with Balter Carbine
Ozzel
Captain Sarkli
Admiral Chiraneau
Dr.E
IG-88 with Riot Gun

Starships(5)
Executor
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Chimaera
Devastator

Vechicle(2)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Interrupts(15)
Sence x5
Alter x2
Twi’lek Advisor x2
Weapon Levitation
Force Lightning
Shocking Revelation
Sniper
The Circle Is Now Complete
Prepared Defenses

Effects(8)
Insignificant Rebellion
Your Destiny
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
Security Precations
Secret Plans
Search and Destroy
Resistance

Weapons(3)
Mara Jade’s Lightaber
Vader’s Lightsaber x2

Objective
Bring Him Before Me/Take Your Father’s Place

'

Strategy: '

***
(from above...) record since D-Con 32-5
***
This is the start

Obj
Death Star II Throne Room
Insignificant Rebellion
Your Destiny
Prepared DEfenses
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
Secret Plans-u can get a recycleable 5 at any time u need it

This deck is very strong. It has many charachters(19) and good air support. This deck has it all to stand up to most of the decks out there.

Pull Caridia and a DB and the Emperor 1st trun. This is what u do for every deck.

Mains
Fight them and drain. Obi u can take out with circle and use your walkers and men to fight your opponent off the sites.  With all the Sence-Alter i play its hard for them to get combo cards off. A so so hard match but u should be fine in the end.

Dag
I start with restance aggenest this because they usually play Anger fear Aggression so it lowers the damage. Pull all your DB’s and get Search and Destroy out fast. Just sit and drain them , wait for them to deploy some were and fight them. You have Endor the system so u can get a good air drain with Chiraneau. Also Secret Plans huts there force retreval and with your S/A u should be fine.

EBO
Insted of pulling the system u pull the Exacutor, now u have a BIG ship when ever u need to fight in space. When u start to activate enought to deploy it your opponent will be cautious not to leave lone ships so they will not spread out....thus helping u. Also again i start restance because cuts the air drains to two. Just about the same as Dag, get search and desty out if u see them not playing manins and fight them and drain.

Profit
Start with Mara and Danik. Put the Emperor there for more back up. Get luke and try to weapon lev Obi stick so u can circle him and from then on thay will have not that many mains left to fight. Against this deck i say fight them and drain on their sites. This should not be that hard to win.

Hidden Base
Same as EBO pull Exector and drain fight when need to and uses search and destroy. Also get Security Precations out so fighting in space is easyier.

New Age Throne Room Mains
Same as mains. Also u have 3 spys in the deck so u can give them a beat down when thay leave a man in the DB to get force. Fight and drain.

Against any other deck that i have not said i would just do what you can. This deck can handle all that i can see while fighting with all your guys and draining usually wins for me.  This deck can handle all surprises and usually does


'