---
author: Josh "posh_josh" Kohman
title: 'Kohman&&s Captains!'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-04
description: 'This deck sets up kessel run potential on third turn.  It has incredible destiny, and massive generation.  Retrieving ten force in the process... what more do you want???'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting-7
Hidden Base
Rendevous Point
Aquaris
Heading Towards the Medical Frigate
Wise Advice
Squadron Assignments
Strike Planning

Locations-5
Endor
Aquaris
Ralltiir
Tibrin
Kessel

Characters- 16
Luke With Lightsaber  x2
Obi With Lightsaber  x2
TK-422
Boussh
General Calrissian
General Crix Madine
Wedge Antilles, RSL
Kin Kian
Colonel Cracken
Lt. Blount
Tycho Celchu
Elyhek Rue
Ralltiir Frieghter Captains  x2

Starships- 8
Gold Squadron 1
Red Squadron 1
Grey Squadron 1
Tala 1
Tala 2
Green Squadron 3
Red 7
Spiral

Admiral&&s Orders- 2
I&&ll Take The Leader

Effects- 9
Honor Of The Jedi
Do Or Do Not
Undercover  x2
WAYTTPOU
Draw Their Fire
Kessel Run  x3


Strategy: 


****Essential That This Be Read BEFORE Review****

*Starting Rant*
First off, if your not going to give me 5 stars, please tell me why, dont just screw me out of 5 stars because this isnt Steven Lewiss deck.
*End Starting Rant*

So Heres the strategy, and why this deck can wreck stuff.  Most all your games start out like this.  First turn pull Lando, Crix, and Endor.  Lay Lando in GS1 to endor second turn for 3 force.  Third turn lay out Aquaris, lay Crix on the Falcon, search for a Freighter Captain, and put him in the co-pilot seat, and move the Falcon to Aquaris (if you dont have enough force for this, then dont bother laying Crix, and hold off a turn on the Freighter Captain).  This sets the deck up for Kessel Runs from Ralltiir that retrieve 10 force, which is always good.  Now the what the hell was he thinking commentary on the cards...

A Few Manuevers-  This is a recyclable destiny 6 that can be anti-weapon tech, or add 2 to your battle destiny if used in conjunction with Darklighter Spin.  After you use it, track it for assistance in an EPP beatdown.  Amazing tech!

Darklighter Spin-  You can realistically get a battle destiny of 9 with this card.  Heres how... Falcon = manuver 5 + 1 (lando) + 1 (Freighter Captain) + 2 (A Few Manuevers).	9 battle destiny is good, if used in conjunction with Out Of Nowhere, you can give the Executor the blowing of its life.

Hyper Escape-  Lets you make Kessel Runs even when Kessel is guarded hardcore.	It also gets you out of really tight places.  Dont depend on this card if your opponents playing Senses (naturally).

Rebel Barrier-	Stops any starship your opponent can try to jump you with.  Nuff said.	Again, dont depend on this when Senses are looming.

General Crix Madine-  Ahhh, the beauty of Crix!  This allows you to pull out your Captains along with Blount and Cracken (who can go undercover!).  Its like Strike Planning pulls out Crix, Ralltiir Freighter Captains, Blount, Cracken, and Lando.  Damn Strike Planning is broken (well, not really, but almost).


The matchups are pretty simple... retrieve lost force, battle when its profitable, and work around your opponent.  This deck is reactive, no matchup will be the same.	This deck is only really as good as its player, though in the right hands this decks can be freakishly lethal.	Plz review it if you get a chance.
-Kohman

And Now for the attacks!:
OK DUMBASSES... YOU DONT NEED THREE FUCl(ING FREIGHTER CAPTAINS BECAUSE CRIX PULLS THEM OUT.  ONE FOR THE RUN, AND ONE FOR BACKUP.  YOU DONT NEED YTS EITHER, A TWO TURN KESSEL RUN ISNT THE WORSE THING IN THE WORLD (and YTs are pretty inefficiant)




WAKKAWAKKA IS AN INGNORANT (insert an expletive here) IDIOT. 