---
layout: post
author: Brian "Armus" Sykes
title: 'How to build a happy fun ball'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-10
description: ! 'This deck uses that OTHER starting Interrupt from DSII to set up and build the death star II for activation and Direct Damage, while at the same time ruling the space lanes with Big Blue.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(5)

Endor Operations
Endor
Endor Bunker
Endor Landing Platform
Overseeing it Personally

Starting Hand(3)
Moff Jerjerrod
Death Star II
Imperial Arrest Order

Locations(7)

Death Star II Coolant Shaft
Death Star II Capacitors
Death Star II Reactor Core
Death Star II Docking Bay
Kashyyyk
Sullust
Tatooine

Characters(14)

Darth Vader x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Mara Jade
Admiral Chiraneau
Admiral Piett
Captain Godherdt
Commander Merrejk
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
4-Lom w/Gun
U-3PO
Dengar w/Gun

Starships(15)
Flagship Executor
Devastator
Conquest
Thunderflare
Vengeance
Accuser
Death Squadron Star Destroyer
Dreadnaught
The Emperors Shield
Scythe Squadorn Tie x2
Bossk in Bus
Zuckuss in Party Wagon
Boba Fett in Bubble
IG-88 in IG2K

Epic Event(1)

That Thing’s Operational

Weapons(2)

Vader’s Lightsaber
Mara’s Lightsaber

Interrupts(3)

Twi’lek Advisor x3

Effects(9)
Something Special Planned for them
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
Lateral Damage
Reactor Terminal
Battle Order
Imperial Decree
Opressive Enforcement
You Cannot Hide Forever

Admiral’s Order(1)

We’re in Attack Position Now '

Strategy: '

For you Statisticians out there
Avg. Destiny (not including Starting stuff) 2.02
Mode Destiny 1 (16 cards)
Median Destiny 2

Strategy

Early-Game 1st Turn deploy DSII and IAO, and go and get DSIIDB.  Deploy Jerjerrod to DSIIDB and get a DSII sector.(coolant shaft if possible, otherwise either of the other 2.) If there is anything cool in your force pile, draw up.  The death Star should be operational by turn 3 or 4.  Try to get another system out and a fleet down there (preferably Sullust) so you can move the DSII and start causing Damage.

Mid-Game By now you should be holding 2 systems and making opponent lose at least 5 a turn between drains and DSII Damage.  Try to get Battle Order out and secure a site with some of your Power characters.	This should be where the game starts to turn in your favor.  Try to use your Bounty Hunter ships together to control a system, since they rock together.  Overall you should own space in general.  Use U-3PO to stop a big ground drain.

End Game Just keep doing what you’re doing and you should be able to out damage him.  If you need to beat him down, you have the characters for it so go ahead

Against certain deck types

Hidden Base (flip)

Don’t deploy That thing’s operational until you’re sure you wont get your DSII blown away.  Twilek for Security Precautions and Battle Order ASAP.  After they flip, probe like mad and beat them down wherever they go.   Yes, they probably have the power to hold Kessel or some other system, but you should still be able to out damage them, because they die if they divide their forces.

Hidden Base M&T

If they’re not flipping then they probably dont have enough space to confront you.  Go to town in space and stay off the ground unless you know you can inflict serious damage, as a ground beatdown could swing the game.  (This deck’s one loss was the result of Mara + 2 Scrubs getting beat down in the cantina by Eloms. The Space Stuff still caused a lot of damage)

Numbers

As soon as they insert, or if you can see it coming, get YCHF ASAP.  Numbers will hurt you a lot if they work, so try to stop it by any means possible.  Aside from that, just follow your game plan.

Profit

This is actually a pretty easy match up. Lock down a site (Tatooine site if possible, otherwise EDB) drop battle order, and sit back, because there isnt much they can do to stop a drain of 7 in space + 2 (or 3 if you have a Tat site) from TTO.  Almost a guaranteed auto-win.  Just get decree out to kill the FD bonuses.  If they are playing profit/Menace fades (which I actually did see once) beat the @#$% out of whatever motley fleet they have.

Agents in the court

If it’s Eloms or Speeders stay the hell away and set up in the Bunker for Decree and try to out drain them.

EBO

Try to get some early space drains in before they set up.  After they do, make sure to get Decree into effect, and BO helps too.  This will be	a very battle-intense game, so try to get a lot of power down fast.  Your BH ships can be life savers for the destinies they add.  A tough game, but winnable

MWYHL

This could be another tough matchup.  Try to get Bossk in Bus, all your big baddies and head for a show down on Dagobah.  Losing your drain bonuses will hurt but you should still be able to drain for a steady 4-5 in space as well as TTO Damage.  Just dont spread too thin and look out for surprise assault.


ok, now to answer a few questions you might be asking

Q Why Start Endor Operations?
A Two Words Strike Planning.	If this is started against me I still get full activation on my first turn as opposed to starting the Endor system alone.  Plus, the EDB gives me a battleground system for Battle Order against HB and EBO.

Q Why the Scythe Squadron Ties?
A Destiny 4, Ability 2 pilots that deploy to Endor for 2 force.  Thats the same reason I have the Emperor’s Shield in there.  This deck should Own Endor the whole game.

I also should point out that I would love to add an Imperial Command or 2 to this deck, but alas I do not own them.  Same goes for the Vaders. I use Prem b/c I dont own Lord Vader and think WB Vader is better than DLOTS in this type of deck.

Other Cards I wouldnt mind finding room for
Dr. E
Disarmed (I love this combo)
Ephant Mon
Boba Fett w/Gun (I own this but cant decide if its better than Boba in ship with this deck)
Emperor (Alas, I dont own this one either)
Grabber

Any choices for removal to make room for these cards is appreciated.

So what do you think? D-Mail me with any questions.

Brian "Armus" Sykes

STCCG World runner up... Tryin to get good at the OTHER Decipher game. '