---
author: Matt "Phobos" Berta
title: 'Hunt for Numbers'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-25
description: 'Everyone tosses their number killer for Honor against Hunt Down, right? Well if they do, they'll be SORRY! Have Hunt Down flipped and number crunch the Light Side? Yes, it's possible!'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

OBJ:
Hunt The Muthafookin Jedi Down/Wipe Your Ass With Their Sissy Capes

Starting:
Executor: Holotheatre (lets go to the movies!)
Visage of the Emperor (Scary Movie!)
Executor: Meditation Chamber (get yer popcorn and soda here, and relax after the scary movie)

Prepared Defenses
Imperial Arrest Order (for dock bays)
Mobilization Points (for money at dock bays)
You Cannot Hide Forever (junk this for Sec. Pre. for more money)

Now for the Meat of the deck.

Characters (14):
Lord Vader x3 (damn he RULES!)
Darth Vader w/ Lightsaber x2
Mara Jade x2 (she be the babe!)
Grand Moff T (Old Dude #1)
Sim Aloo (Old Dude #2)
Janus Greejatus (Old Dude #3)
Emperor Palpatine x2 (Oldest, Wrinkliest Dude)
Tech Mo'r x2 (completely useless in 99% of all dark decks, destiny 6)

Weapons (3):
Vader's Lightsaber x2
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Starships (5):
Zucky in Mist Hunter
Dengar in Pun. One
Dominator (can be retrieved w/Rendili)
Chimaera (cuz I can't wait for Thrawn to come kick some ass)
Death Squadron Star Destroyer (cuz some immunity is better than none)

Interrupts (14):
You Are Beaten (it's all in the title)
Sniper (my only Undercover spy protection)
Sense (because the Emperor can do it better than anyone -f**k Yoda-)
Always Thinking With Your Stomach (for Jedi Luke if he moves to the Endor Dock bay)
Imperial Barrier
Alter x2 (DAMN I hate Honor of the Jedi!)
I Have You Now x2 (one for dark master, one for dark lord)
Force Lightning (can be cycled and tracked if the Emp. is with ANY character)
Shocking Information (cuz Oola will fuck with me, trackable and yankable w/Secret Plans)
Twi'lek Advisor
Masterful Move
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down

Effects (10):
3,720 To 1 x2 (yep, it's the shit!)
Broken Concentration (always fun)
Reactor Terminal
There'll Be Hell To Pay
Oppressive Enforcement
First Strike
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
Blast Door Controls (no barrier for you!)

Locations (6):
Executor: Docking Bay
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Endor: Forest Clearing
Endor: Back Door
Endor
Rendili

Strategy: 

Okay, I know what you're saying. Numbers in a Hunt Down deck, that actually USES Vader? Well, yeah. Every light deck I've played this against dumps Your Insight Serves You Well for Honor Of The Jedi, so I thought I'd throw in a couple inserts to f**k with people. And it works.

Your first goal, like with any HD deck is to get Vader to a battleground site. Easy: Endor Docking Bay. Have him there, and Rendili and Sec. Pre. out, and you activate 11 just with stuff you can pull from Reserve. That's BETTER than Bring Him Before Me. And with that much activation, you can probably pull an Alter for that fetching Honor OTJ before they have a battleground occupied.

Your secondary goal is to get the Emperor (2 MORE activation) and Tech Mo'r out, so you can insert. Don't play Tech Mo'r until you have the insert in hand. When you deploy him, watch your opponents face. You'll get a wierd look. No wierd look means they don't really care and you could be in trouble. But I digress. In case you can't add, you've got a total of thirteen (13). That is pretty decent, and can cause some early annoyance damage.

Your third goal is to get the 3 battlegrounds occupied so Visage starts hurting them again. All you need to do is draw one of the other battleground locations, or use theirs. Keep the ships together if at all possible. If HD is on the 7 side, Super Falcon isn't all that super, so the small space fleet could stick around for awhile. Alter Order to Engage at all costs.

Now for ye olde matchups:
vs. Hidden Base
I once made the mistake of going to space before they flipped. Ow. Never doing that again. You've already pulled Sec. Pre. Stay cool, drain, insert, spread on the ground and Visage burn if it's a full on space HB, wait for the flip to pounce and probe.

vs. Profit
Go ahead and start with Mara, she's tuff. If you don't want to surprise your opponent with the insert, throw down Tech Mo'r as well, but I wouldn't recommend it. Get Vader to the Audience Chamber to keep her company. When you have the Emperor, try to put him in there, and move Vader out to drain. This deck is the reason I will be putting Crush The Rebellion back in, because Clash Of Sabers can f**k you at the Audience Chamber. The only time I would consider changing my starting stuff. Start Crush instead of You Cannot Hide Forever. This might be a long game since your drains will be low. Play Twi'lek for Blast Door Controls ASAP.

vs. There Is Good In Him
Smile because you've probly already won. If your starting hand has Vader and any other Imperial(Tarkin, Mara, Janus, Sim or Emperor) in it, first turn drop the Imp at the docking bay to stop their activation bonus. If they don't move Luke over right away, (which is near impossible) they're dumb, or they've got a trick. If they do, your Imp captures him, and the Vader you'll be deploying next turn will take his sorry ass. But that's not totally likely. They'll move Luke over first thing, and you know where to put Vader now, don't you? Converting their docking bay is fun too. If for some dum reason they have Luke with one other character that isn't ability 4 or more, grab him with anyone and then battle the dum scrub. DO NOT try to cover more territory than you can, as their deck is made to WIN battles which takes cards AWAY from you. If you can't get around Honor, so be it. You've got Luke and that's that. Oh, if you have Always Thinking With Your Stomach in hand when Luke drains at an exterior site, there you go. Sucks when you draw a 1, tho.

vs. MWYHL
Hoboy, the ultimate counterpart to Hunt Down. Cool thing is you can have a first turn flip if Vader's in your opening draw! Also, your inserts should be pretty effective with the muppet training a kid. If you're up against Yannick's GenCon winner, you're in for a nice battling game. Blast Door Controls will be useful, if you haven't grabbed the damn barriers.

vs. Others... can't think of anything major that really needs a specific strategy... Ops isn't too hard... if you don't know how to play Hunt Down, then F**K OFF! This is a deck that can probably only be used at one tournament in your area since people will know what's up if they see it again. So if you have a HD deck and two Emperors, try this! Switch out minor scrub characters or effects for the Techs and 3720s, and have some FUN! You'll get a couple of wierd looks, enjoy them! I would never take this to a MAJOR tourney, so I'm not expecting any 5 star reviews, it's really just a fun gimmick thing I did for a couple tournaments. I'll post a HD without the numbers junk next time. And I'll update with replies to your suggestions.
UPDATE________________________________________ 8/25/00, 1 pm
Okay, I didn't see dawi's deck that uses numbers until today. And they aren't THAT similar!! We have a total of 20 cards in common. It's just a similar idea, and he posted it first.
If you're going to review this, take the time to tell me SOMETHING about your doubts for the deck. I don't mind so-so ratings, just give me a fetching EXPLANATION! Thanx.  