---
layout: post
author: ! Christopher "Czar011" Zdarsky
title: ! "Post DSII EBO v1 0"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-07-20
description: ! "After finally getting my hands on some Death Star II cards yesterday, I feel I was able to enhance the older X-Wing beat down deck.  This is my first attempt at submitting anything, so if you respond, it would be much appreciated.  If you find you don't l"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (4)
Hoth Main Power Generators
Hoth North Ridge
A New Secret Base (SE)
The Signal

Admiral's Orders (2)
I'll Take The Leader x2

Locations (7)
Hoth
Mon Calamari
Kashyyyk
Kiffex
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Corridor
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)

Starships (9)
Home One
Milennium Falcon
Artoo-Detto in Red 5
Red Squadron 4
Gray Sqadron 1
Red 7
Red 8
Red 10
Gold 6

Characters (16)
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Luke Skywalker
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Captain Han Solo
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Admiral Ackbar
General Calrissian
Derek 'Hobbie' Klivian
Colonel Salm
Kin Kian
Elyhek Rue
Bren Quersey
Theron Nett
Hol Okand
Commander Evram Lajaie

Weapons (4)
Luke's Lightsaber
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber
X-Wing Laser Cannon x2

Interrupts (3)
The Signal x2
Transmission Terminated

Effects (14)
Squadron Assignments
Menace Fades
Honor Of The Jedi
Your Insight Serves You Well
Strikeforce x2
Haven
Docking And Repair Facilities
Bacta Tank
Echo Base Operations
Battle Plan
Do, Or Do Not
Insurrection
Traffic Control
'

Strategy: '

Well, it's pretty much your basic EBO start.  After finding Squadron Assignments, and the new Admiral's Orders, I figured going with pilots and their matching ship would be better than the regular X-Wings.  I'm not 100% sure about all of the rules concerning the new Admiral's Orders, so I'm not sure if it is legal to put down a second I'll Take The Leader after the first one has left the table.  But anyway, I usually get EBO set up by turn 2 or 3.  Then I just go up and drain in space while getting the Rebel Fleet out with Squadron Assignments.  If I have the ship with the matching pilot out, everything is at least immune to attrition <4 (<6 with "I'll Take The Leader" on the table).  If you're not sure why some guys are in here, Colonel Salm keeps Imperial Control flipped while he is at the renegade system, while Kin Kian adds 1 to force drains while aboard a unique Gray Squadron Y-Wing.  Elyhek Rue adds one to force drains at Ralltiir if opponent is play ROps, and Hol Okand adds 1 to force drains while at Kashyyk.  Lajaie lets me react to Hoth while he is at a Hoth site.  Luke with his saber and Obi-Wan with his saber are in there to help deal with Menace Fades or Battle Plan if I need it.	Insurrection lets me throw out the Endor Landing Platform so they have somewhere to go.  The other Signals are in there for pulling the effects that I need.  Strike Force is going to help out a ton, as my force drains won't be able to be modified unless they come up to space and win a battle.  And finally, I only have one Transmission Terminated in the deck because Hunt Down is not popular around here (or at least the people I have come across).  So I know that in some areas, you may need to add one or two more.  Well, that's pretty much it.	If anybody has any questions, feel free to contact me.	Thanks to everyone who takes the time to review this for me.'