---
layout: post
author: ! Karl "Faust" Schultz
title: ! "Blowin  Stuff Up (v 4 0)"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-06-16
description: ! 'Blow up Alderaan.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(4)
Set Your Course For Alderaan /The Ultimate Power In The Universe
Death Star
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Alderaan

Locations(13)
Death Star Central Core
Death Star Conference Room
Death Star War Room
Death Star Detention Block Corridor
Death Star Level 4 Military Corridor
Death Star Detention Block Control Room
Yavin 4
Endor
Hoth
Kiffex
Kuat x2

Characters(15)
Darth Vader With Lightsaber x2
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Death Star Gunner x3
Imperial Pilot x8

Starships(8)
Avenger
Devastator
Stalker
Thunderflare
Tyrant
Vengeance
Dengar In Punishing One
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Interrupts(5)
Abyssin Ornament
Twi'lek Advisor x3
This Is Some Rescue

Effects(8)
Secret Plans
Come Here You Big Coward
A Day Long Remembered
Kuat Drive Yards
Strategic Reserves
A Bright Center To The Universe
Broken Concentration
Security Precautions

Devices(2)
Restraining Bolt x2

Weapons(2)
Superlaser x2

Epic Events(3)
Commence Primary Ignition x3

'

Strategy: '

You can get this off in a couple of turns with a little luck. You can pull Death Star sites and gunners from reserve (throw down 1 gunner for a superlaser, then get him back next turn). Use your Vader, and Tarkin on the Death Star (i take no battle damage, but attrition in this case is just as worse). Assuming you've got 3 gunners and all your Death Star sites (and your opponent occupies none), blowing up Alderaan will be pretty much automatic.

Once flipped, you can pull all your systems (except Kuat) from your reserve deck. I have 2 Kuats to make sure, you pull it soon. Get KDY down, and you can deploy Star Destroyers (most of them for 6) to Death Star from reserve deck. Then move them wherever you need them and drain for tons.

If they battle you, all of your SDs are immune to attrition <4.

Ok, the imperial pilots are for stopping drains (Strategic Reserves) and later for retreiving force (Abyssin Ornament). They are also useful as pilots on the Star Destroyers. I've also got DS-61-2, to pilot. I've even got the 2 most useful BH ships (ZiMH and DiPO).

Tech on certain decks

MWYHL
MWYHL will screw this deck, so start Broken Concentration. This way they should have a little more trouble completing Test 1. Also, load up a Star Destroyer, and move to Dagobah.  Shuttle your Vader, and Tarkin down, and kill Yoda and the apprentice, then just stay at the Dagobah sites and drain.  Assuming you can't do this, CHYBC and Secret Plans will defintely slow down their retreival.

Hidden Base
Well, they're screwed, cuz of Security Precautions. Then i take no battle damage, and your SDs are immune to attrition <4. Should be a fun game -)

Numbers
Numbers aren't too much of concern to me (Imperial Pilots are destiny 3). But just in case, i've got one Resistance (occupying 3 battlegrounds shouldn't be a problem).

Profit
Instead of blowing up alderaan blow up Yavin 4 first and deploy A Day Long Remembered. Their mains are totally screwed -) Unfortunately though, most of their mains will already be out before ADLR is set up, so send Vader, Tarkin, and Ig-88 and get rid of them. Then it should take them quite a while to get some more characters on table -) Then you can go ahead and go back and blow up Alderaan. Drain for all you can.

Rescue The Princess (Prisoner 2187)
This deck might as well be an anti-RTP deck. I've got 2 Restraining Bolts to stop 8D8, and then This Is Some Rescue to cancel Cell 2187. It should take them quite a while to get Leia free without those means to free her (it is also possible they will never free her). But you'll have plenty of time to blow up Yavin 4 first. Instead of blowing up Alderaan, destroy Yavin 4 first, then Alderaan. With Yavin 4 sites gone, they can't retreive and they can never flip the objective. Then, go ahead blow up Alderaan, and drain away

Now assuming they flip the objective, don't deploy any unqiue cards, until you blow up Yavin 4. By the way, if you want instead of blowing Yavin 4 first, you can flip the objective then blow it up, and they will lose 14 force

Revo
Laugh in their face

Echo Base Ops/A New Secret Base
Go blow up Hoth first. If it is an x-wing swarm, use DiPO. Drain away (once you flip).

Massassi Base Operations
Well, simple. Blow up Yavin 4 ASAP. They will still lose a ton, and it's not worth the risk of flipping the objective and wasting a few turns just to make them lose more. Once there objective is OOP, you shouldn't have too much trouble of mopping it up.

Well, i've finally run out of stuff to say.

Good Luck




'