---
layout: post
author: Tom "Gand" Culpepper
title: 'BHBM, and kill his friends'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-30
description: ! 'Not your typical BHBM deck.  Uses ground pounders to win battles and holds its own in drains.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
Bring Him Before Me/Take Your Father’s Place
Your Destiny
Insigniffigant Rebellion
DSII Throne Room
Prepered Defenses
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
You Cannot Hide Forever

Locations (6)
DSII Docking Bay
Endor Back Door
Endor Landing Platform
Endor Forest Clearing
Endor Dark Forest
Imperial Holotable

Characters (15)
Emperor Palpatine
Lord Vader x3
Commander Igar
General Veers
Admiral Piett
Mara Jade
Boba Fett w/Blaster
Marquand
Arnet
Watts
Colnen Davod Jon
Janus Greejatus x2


Vehicles (11)
Tempest 1 x2
Blizzard 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 4
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6
Tempest Scout x2

Weapons (4)
Vader’s Saber x2
Darth Vader’s Lightsaber
Mara Jade’s Saber

Effects (8)
Reactor Terminal
Visage of the Emperor x5
Well Earned Command
Overseeing It Personally

Interupts (8)
Imperial Command x2
Rise My Friend x2
Masterfull Move x4

'

Strategy: '

This is a deck designed to control the ground at ENDOR.  Do NOT go off planet unless they give you a docking bay from which to travel.

The goal is simple, control the ground for a solid drain base and get Vader to a battle ground early to start them losing force for Luke.

Adm Piett and Gen. Veers are the targets of Imperial Command.  Commander Igar is the target of Piett’s text.  Well Earned Command(on Igar) is the target of You Cannot Hide Forever.

On your first turn you should be able to do the following
Deploy a docking bay
Deploy the Emperor to the bay
pull and deploy the holotable via Masterfull Move(if they give you 1 force)

That is 9 force for your second turn on your own.  Enough to deploy anything in the deck.

The revolving cards are 6 and 7 destiny and can be stacked easily with Reactor Terminal and Janus.  Mix them in with a couple low destiny cards like spare lightsabers.  With all the reacting power of the scouts combined with the extra destiny from Emperor’s Power, 3 battles should be an easy task.

If they refuse to come to you, move the emperor to the ground and let him oversee the drain war.

The holotable is a great weapon.  10 times out of 10 you win battles there. Easiest way to make the pile on Insigniffigant rebellion grow.  If they refuse to battle you there it is a constant drain of 2 while Igar roams the earth.


This deck is tough, but it lacks space cover.  Most of the times I have found this not to be a problem, even agianst EBO and HB because of thier lack of ground support and the pace of this deck.

I have not tested this deck agianst all deck types, but it is part of a faily good wave of wins.  I appreciate your comments and reviews.

Gand.

'