---
author: Joshua "Stormcrow" Grace
title: Grace’s GS-winning Hunt Down
side: Dark
date: 2000-10-28
description: This deck is likely a pile, too. But what the ****, enjoy it. I didn’t keep close tabs on the record, but through 4 or 5 tournaments, it’s only lost 2 games. Oh, and it won the MN Grand Slam.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

(always starting)
Hunt Down
Prepared Defenses
Moby Pts.
IAO
Visage
Holotheatre
Meditation Chamber

(locations: 5)
Rendili
Death Star: DB
CC: DB
Spaceport: DB
Executor: DB

(characters: 15)
Dark Lord x2
Lord Vader
Darth Vader
Vader w/Saber
GM Tarkin x2
Palpatine x2
Fett w/blaster
Mara Jade
Dr. Evazan
Captain Sarkli
Commander Igar
Admiral Chiraneau

(weapons: 2)
Maras Saber
Vaders Saber

(blue: 7)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Death Squadron Star Destroyer
Executor
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Chimaera

(red: 24)
Reactor Terminal
Force Lightning
You Are Beaten
Search and Destroy
Secret Plans
Lateral Damage
Its Worse
You Cannot Hide Forever
Come Here You Big Coward!
Battle Order
Therell Be Hell x2
Weapon Lev x2
Trample x2
Alter x2
Evader x2
Twilek x2
Visage x2


Strategy: 

As far as the effectiveness of this deck is concerned, I played it in 4 or 5 tournaments and lost only 2 games with it. The deck has been tweaked a bit since the first tournament I played it in, but the concept remains the same: hit them hard and fast with direct damage. The deck was designed as a viable alternative to BHBM (at a time when I didnt have an Emperor Palpatine), using Visage rather than the BHBM effect to whittle away at the opponents life force. Rather than feeling that HotJedi was a detriment to this deck, I felt that peoples reliance upon Honor would cripple them since this deck can search for
and occupy 3 battlegrounds in a hurry, suspending Honor.

The third starting effect is usually You Cannot Hide forever, but against some decks, you may wish to choose Battle Order (to prevent quick drains).

The deck shares a decided weakness with other non-dueling Hunt Down decks--you must chase Luke and Obi until theyre dead. Without the dueling, you
want to trap them into battles. If you cant, you will be losing to your Visage as much as your opponent. More so, if you cant occupy 3 battlegrounds to suspend Honor. Normally, this isnt too much of a problem since you should be able to block their drains with a small army and
drain when they run away, giving you a slight edge on damage each turn. Sometimes, though, it backfires. Only the ignorant will say a single deck can win every game. (NOTE: Hunt Down is still great, though, because the 7 side kills the SuperFalcon and protects your characters from any combination of Han/Leia beatdown, right Mike?)

Match-ups:

Vs. TIGIH. I played against two of these decks at the MN Grand Slam and quickly decimated both. TIGIH is in for an early force choke against a Hunt Down deck, and Choke Vader along with Tramples, Dr. E, Mara and a couple lightsabers makes mince meat of Eloms. The speeder variant forced me indoors for much of the game, but I was
able to kill my opponent with drains, Visage, and,
eventually, Search and Destroy. Just keep your forces together, ensuring that you will win battles, until the game is decided. If you do lose some battles, get the Emperor to the same site as Vader.

Vs. Hidden Base. Against any variant, just try to kill them with direct damage, Visage and Search and Destroy. Dont be afraid to give Hidden Base decks (or any deck) a Rendili to drain you at. The extra generation early is more important than worrying about a drain of 1. Get Secret Plans into your hand, and try to guess ahead of your
opponent. Dont deploy it too early if you can help it; your opponent will save the force necessary for the retrieval. If you can deploy it when your opponent no longer has the force for the retrieval, then youre playing like a champ!

Vs. MWYHL. Much like the game against Hidden Base.
Set up quick and let direct damage kill your opponent. Prevent retrieval with Secret Plans and Come Here You Big Coward. Dont worry about Anger, Fear, Agression. You can lose 16 force from 4 of those inserts and still win by 20+.

Vs. EBO. Dont send Vader to Hoth. Let him sit at a DB. The docking bays were chosen to prevent both Projection and Lost in the Wilderness. No reason to go missing on Hoth. Just drain and do direct damage. By the time your opponent will have set up EBO, you should be ready to fight at the biggest drain system. If theyre playing a
SuperFalcon deck, let the Falcon hold its system, and play Battle Order; set up your ships somewhere else. You should be ahead by 5 force by the time EBO is set up, and then Search and Destroy should balance the remainder of the
game.

Vs. Rebel Strike Team. Oddly enough, the only time I faced this deck, I lost. Quite simply, Vader evaded my hand. Given a halfway normal draw, deploy Vader early to Endor. Then deploy other stuff to Endor. Then completely over-run Endor. I have a grudge against this deck now and
am looking for a chance to do to Endor what I know my Hunt Down can do. Trample their forces into oblivion.

Vs. New age Throne Room. Draw enough cards to beat
Oola. Start Battle Order. Deploy Come Here You Big
Coward. Force the action to the battlegrounds. Consolidate your forces.

Meanwhile, if you suspect that your opponent has spies to cancel Visage, deploy the Emperor at the Holotheatre. He doesnt help with Search and Destroy anyway, so you might as well just have him protect his ugly digitized mug shot.

Vs. Profit. Nearly forgot about Profit. Profit has yet to free Han against this deck. Start Secret Plans (I love Han Solo). Deploy Mara and Fett to the Audience Chamber. Back them up with Vader, then Tarkin, then Dr. E, then the Emperor. Just sit and hold the Audience Chamber until your opponent forces you to do something. If Han is freed, use Trample, Force Lightning or Choke Vader to make him go away again. Let Visage pick away at their lifeforce. Set up Search and Destroy once you’ve solidified the AC and any other location--walkers at Jabba’s Palace work nicely.

Enjoy the deck before it’s rated into oblivion.

Joshua "Stormcrow" Grace 