---
layout: post
author: William "FredDurst100" Diniega
title: 'Spanking Vaders @$$'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-02
description: ! 'With this deck Luke can punish his father for being a bad boy and all his friends for taking advantage of him.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (9)
Rendezvous point
Endor
Spaceport docking bay
Yavin4docking bay
Dagobahyoda’s hut
Tattoine Obi wan’s hut
Tattoinedocking bay
Endor chirpa’s hut(start)
EndorLanding platform

Characters(25)
Obi with lightsaber
Obi wan kenobi
Chewbacca x2
Han with blaster pistolx2
Leia with blaster riflex2
General Calrissianx2
Luke skywalker, jedi knight (start)
Orrimaarko
Wedge Antilles
Bothan spy x2
Tawss Khaa
Melas
Elom x8

Starships (9)
Home one
Liberty
Spiral
Tantive IV
Red leader in red 1
Gold leader in gold 1
Red squad x wing x3

Effects(9)
Bacta tank
Honor of the jedi
Scramble
Bargaining table
Traffic control
Staging areas(start)
Battle plan(start)
Insurrection(start)
I feel the conflict(start)

Interrupts(6)
Heading for the medical frigate (start)
Sense
Our only hope
NOOOOOOOOOOO
Nar shaddaa wind chimesx2

Weapons(1)
Lukes lightsaber(start)

Objective(1)
There is good in him/ I can save him
'

Strategy: '

This deck is a straight up battle deck.  The first thing i usually do is on the first turn move luke to the landing platform, this way next turn if your opponent didn’t drop anything, you activate 5 force at the landing platform alone(staging areas adds 2)I also search for a docking bay on my first turn.  If your opponent drops anything, battle him.  The way I do it is most of my opponents drop something early that isn’t really powerful so i drop 1 or 2 high power characters and win battles to get as many cards on I feel the conflict where once your opponent drops vader you turn him. If your opponent hides just drop a bothan and some power characters.  With the characters in this deck you should be able to completely out battle your opponent on the ground.

In space, the deck is a little weak but is able to win 1 or 2 crucial battles to get cards on I feel the conflict.

Against Bring him before me
  Prety much just out battle your opponent and I know this deck can do that because it has gone
3-0 against BHBM decks.

Against Rops
  As you can see I have some Eloms for this deck.  Once again win some early battles and drop the spaceport docking bay on Raltiir and transit all your mains over and also transit luke to vader and turn him.

Against Court
  Luke won’t be getting captured because your opponent probably wont have any Imps.  Pretty much out battle your opponent and dont let your characters get eaten or captured.

Against Big blue
  This is the decks biggest problem. Just hope you can out drain your opponent and if he drops any characters battle them or let them capture luke so if it’s not vader they lose 2 force at the end of each of their turns.

Well that’s my deck and I hope you all play it.

No Luke, I did it all for the NOOKIE '