---
layout: post
author: Douglas "Douglas" Harvilla
title: 'The Rebellion Must Be Crushed'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-23
description: '  The title comes from Imperial Decree's lore.  'The destruction of the Alliance is your primary goal.'  To this end, the Emperor has given you command of several starships and walkers, with excellent crews to cut a swath through the Rebel forces.  Us'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective:

ISB Operations/Empire's Sinister Agents

Locations (10):

Coruscant
Carida
Kiffex
Death Star
Endor: Forest Clearing
Endor: Back Door
Endor: Landing Platform
Hoth: Docking Bay
Hoth: Defensive Perimeter
Yavin 4: Docking Bay

Characters (22):

Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Commander Igar
Admiral Ozzel
Officer Evax
Lt. Cabbel
Major Marquand
Lt. Watts
Sergeant Barich
Sergeant Irol
Corporal Drelosyn
Corporal Oberk
Corporal Avarik
Sergeant Elsek x2
Sergeant Tarl
Sergeant Torent
Lt. Renz
5D6-RA-7
Snowtrooper Officer
Lt. Pol Treidum
Commander Nemet
Veers

Starships (10):

Executor
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Dengar In Punishing One
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Walker x3

Effects (10):

Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Battle Order
Security Precautions
Imperial Justice
Secret Plans
Resistance
First Strike
Reactor Terminal
Blast Door Controls

Interrupts (7):

Twi'lek Advisor x2
Tactical Support x2
Nevar Yalnal
Monnok
Ghhhk 

Strategy: 

  First off, this deck isn't loaded with ISB agents because they're not necessary.	The deck flips early and for good.  Putting in more agents would reduce the deck's battle capability.	And don't suggest Sneak Attack.  It doesn't work with permanent pilots or with Igar, Marquand/Watts, etc, so it has no place in this deck.

  On the surface, it seems pretty simple.  Ships and Security Precautions to cause some damage against Hidden Base and stop the drain canceling, walkers to protect the ISB agents, Decree and Battle Order for operatives.

  There really is a lot more to this deck.  Start with Imperial Arrest Order against most opponents.  Go with Imperial Justice on Coruscant if the opponent chooses the Throne Room as a starting location.  This buys you time to get those locations out.

  The Yavin 4 and Hoth docking bays make an early flip possible, while the other locations are excellent for draining.	Carida is beautiful, allowing you to lose a force to get a trooper back in your hand from the Lost Pile.

  Late in the game, you can use this and the 'retrieve an ISB agent' text on Empire's Sinister Agents to get virtually every character in your Lost Pile back.  Lose an ISB agent to get a trooper, then retrieve the agent.

  Kashyyyk and Endor are left out intentionally, to keep all the parsec numbers close enough for the ships to traverse.  Also, I found in testing that putting Endor out opened up new movement possibilities to my opponent, helped Hidden Base decks cancel drains or drain bonuses, et cetera, so I just dropped it.

  The Carida trick is good for one more thing, and it's the coolest part of the deck.	Walkers with the unique biker scouts aboard are terrible to behold.  Even in the passenger spaces, these guys add battle destiny draws, or in Barich's case, cut the opponent's destiny down so far the walker is immune to it.

  But Elsek is just amazing.  Put him in a walker with another scout and he acts like a Ghhhk.	An unpreventable (virtually) Ghhhk.  99 battle destiny?  No problem.  Lose Elsek.  30 speeders with S-Foils?  No problem.  Lose Elsek.

  Then use Carida to get him back, or just Tactical Support to fish for another copy.  When the opponent has given you his best shot, last ditch effort, and all it cost you is Elsek, you are now in control of the game.  This combination makes setting up Decree against Speeder Ops pretty safe, since all the speeders in the deck won't break through with a bit of battle damage.

  Avarik is in there simply to add 2 to your total battle destiny when with Elsek.  Nice touch, helps take on mains, especially against MWYHL with Yoda at his Hut taking 2 off the attrition.

  Veers is a powerful addition.  An ISB agent to begin with, he can cancel a destiny if he is with Commander Igar.  Two for me, none for you.  OUCH!  Marquand and Watts you should be familiar with by now if Ralltir Ops with AT-STs has caught on in your area.

  A very fun deck to play, and very effective against mains, Hidden Base, and Speeder Ops.   