---
layout: post
author: ! Patrick "Rogue56" McCamy
title: ! "Big Blue Cloud City Occupation"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-19
description: ! "A big Blue deck on Cloud City that sets up Occupation and a mid-game Dark Deal."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective(1)
This Deal is Getting Worse All the Time/Pray I Don't Alter

Locations(9)
Bespin
BespinCloud City
Cloud CityUpper Walkway(sl)
Cloud CityDowntown Plaza
Cloud CityPort Town District
Cloud CityCasino
Cloud CityDocking Bay
Cloud CityIncinerator
Cloud CityCarbon Freezing Chamber

Characters(17)
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of the Sith
EPP Vader
Mara Jadex2
Grand Moff Tarkinx2
IG-88 with Riot Gun
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle
Commander Igar
Dengar with Speeder Killer
Lt. Cabbel
Admiral Ozzel
Officer Evax
Lt. Pol Treidum
Dr. Evazan
Jodo Kast

Starships/Vehicles(10)
Blizzard2
Tempest1
Tempest Scout3
Tempest Scout6
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Boba Fett In SlaveI
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Vader's Personal Shuttle
Dreadnaughtx2

Weapons and Devices(2)
Vader's Saber
Mara's Saber


Effects(11)
Crush The Rebellion(se usually)
Secret Plans(se)
Battle Order(start vs ops)
Security Precautions(start vs HB)
Imperial Arrest Order
Opressive Enforcement
There'll Be Hell to Pay
Dark Deal
Cloud City Occupationx2
Search and Destroy

Interrupts(10)
Twilek Advisorx2(si)
Alterx2
Torturex2
Tramplex2
I Have You Now
Evader '

Strategy: '

  This deck controls CC with power characters and a few walkers.  Control at each site with power,
and setup occupation fairly early.  Dark deal comes midgame, when you are sure they will not cancel it the next turn.

Locations
Besides the 2 drain locations, Upper Walkway is a good 2/1 with a force drain-1 for opponent, and an ok moving ability for the dark side.
The incinerator allows you to retrieve IG-88 and 4-LOM, and the opponent cannot fd there.

Characters
As you can see, many powerhouses in there.  Some 2/2 imperials for piloting.  Lt Pol Treidum is great for beatdown on undercover spies.  Jodo and/or Vader and Tarkin work great with Crush.  Dr. E provides some nasty removal.

Starships
4 starships to deploy to Cloud City when ready(don't deploy CLoud City until Dark Deal set up).  After dark deal is deployed, move the starship there to Bespin, since you will most likely have Occupation already set up and you will need to protect it.  Dreadnaughts work great with the 2/2 imperials, and the bounty hunter ships are great.

Weapons
Nothing Special

Effects
No All Wrapped Up because I only included 4 bounty hunters.
Crush is great, stops destiny adders, pulls I Have You Now and Evader, and stops Clash.
Imperial Arrest Order For forfiet bonus and nabrun protection.
Oppressive Enforcement adds destiny to dreadnaughts, makes the grabbers deploy free, and helps stop s/a along with the grabbers.

Interrupts
Note only 1 evader.  Revo doesn't hurt too bad in this deck, so only use evader after 2 or 3 revo's are out.	2 alters for Maneuvering Flaps, Torture for NTMTO, and Trample for undercover and removal.

Against.....
HB  Start Security Precautions.  Setup dark deal and occupation early.  Search and Destroy hurts them badly.  Keep control of Bespin with a few ships, and probe with the others.

Ops  Start battle order.  Try to alter flaps.	Come down to their planet with a few characters or AT-AT's, and setup Occupation and dark deal with the others.  Try not to deploy the dreadnaughts, and if they claw to the bus, move it to CC.

Profit  They will come to you, if not, you have plenty of ways to kill han(trample, dr. e, iggy, and weapons)

Throne Room  Crush hurts them in many ways.  You should be able to outpower them in space, and keep up with them on the ground well enough to win.

Other Mains  Look at Throne Room

Thats all, you should have a good chance against all the current deck types.

'