---
layout: post
author: ! Seth "Ooryl" Van Winkle
title: ! "The Tick Tock of the Clock is Painful"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-07-16
description: ! 'Hidden Base numbers deck for the closing days of pre D2'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (5)
HB/SWSTYF
Rendezvous Point
Hidden Base Indicator
The Signal
Echo Base Garrison

Characters (5)
8D8
BG-J38
WED-9-M1 'Bantha' Droid
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Luke with Lightsaber

Starships (15)
Red Leader in Red 1
Red Squadron X-Wing x3
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Gold Squadron Y-Wing x3
YT-1300 Transport
Lando In Millennium Falcon
Corellian Corvette
Tantive IV
Medium Bulk Freighter
Spiral
Redemption

Starship Weapons (1)
X-Wing Laser Cannon

Systems (8)
Kessel
Roche
Kashyyyk
Hoth
Yavin 4
Ralltiir
Kiffex
Tibrin

Interrupts (14)
The Signal x3
Transmission Ternimated x2
Houjix x2
It Could Be Worse x2
Organized Attack x2
Effective Repairs x2
Lost in the Wilderness

Effects (12)
Never Tell Me The Odds x3
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us x2
Traffic Control
Bacta Tank
Haven
Rebel Fleet
Demotion
Legendary Starfighter
Wise Advice
'

Strategy: '

This is my last pre Death Star II deck.  Its served me well going 8-1 in my last 3 tournaments.  The only loss was to a evil Huntdown.  Ive made some changes since then that have hepled a lot.

Basic Strategy is to get the 3 maintenance droids on a starship at RPoint (there are 5 that can hold all the droids and 2 that can hold 2 of the droids) and hit your opponent with numbers.

Every system in this deck serves a purpose.
Kessel-Drain for 3
Roche-Dont get drained
Kashyyyk-They dont get battle destiny unless they have abaility 6 or greater
Hoth-Haven can deploy here
Yavin 4-Haven can deploy here too, GSY-Wings and RSX-Wings deploy cheap here
Ralltiir-Starships may move here as a react, you can deploy here to slow down the flip of Rops
Kiffex-Drain of 2
Tibrin-Get NTMTO or other important lost cards back

All the interrupts and effects are pretty self explanitory. Depmotion is for Navy Trooper Vesden.

Now for the what to do against specific decks section.

Vs. Huntdown.  If they start dueling, do not deploy Obi or Luke unless you know what your destiny is.  Cancle Visage with TT.  Making Vader go missing with Lost in the Wilderness will really throw a wrench in their gears.  ICBW/Rebel Fleet/SWSTYF to cancle their drains

Vs. Rops.  I havent lost to a Rops yet with this deck out of the about 10 games Ive played against it (this is largely due to the fact that the people who I played against suck, but Im still taking the credit.)  Convert Ralltiir early and get a starship there to slow down the flip.  It is ok to leave just 1 ship there if you have force saved to move as a react.  Send Luke and Obi on suicide runs and use the Bacta Tank to keep them alive.  If all else fails, you can always land a starfighter at one of their unoccupied sites and control the system to flip their obj back.

Vs. COTVG  I usually dont deploy Luke or Obi against Court except when i have an easy beatdown.  X-Wing Laser Cannon can take out Zuckuss in Mist Hunter easily and thats the only starship you really have to worry about.  ICBW the mini-visage as often as possible. Really just drain in space and cancle their drains.

Vs. ISB  I havent played against an ISB deck yet, so i dont know how it matches up yet.  I suspect it would just be a drain race which you should win with Rebel Fleet, ICBW and SWSTYF.  If theyre using Navy Trooper Vesden, Demote him.  Obi and Luke suicide runs could be particulary effective.

Vs. SYCFA Manip.  Just numbers really.	Most of these decks Ive seen dont have many drain locations or starships so it should be a fairly easy win.  Use grabbers for Sense and Alter.

Thats about all the decks Ive seen in my area lately.  Please dont rate this deck bad because D*2 has that gay card that cancles numbers.

Oh yeah. Mad props to TJ Holman for giving me the idea for this deck (through his editorial)
'