---
layout: post
author: ! Keith "Gen" Watabayashi
title: ! 'Hidden Base ISB Choke'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-02
description: ! 'Use the same strategy from ISB choke, activate a bunch, hurt your opponent with effects, and beatdown'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(7)
Hidden Base
Kessel
Rendevous Point
HFTMF
Insurrection
Battle Plan
Wise Advice

Locations(9)
Kessel
Clak'dor VII
Home OneWar Room
Home OneDocking Bay
HothEcho War Room
DagobahYoda's Hut
EndorChief Chirpa's Hut
Spaceport Docking Bay
Yavin 4War Room

Characters(15)
EPP Hanx2
EPP Leiax2
EPP Obix2
EPP Lukex2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Tawss Khaa
Orrimaarko
Wedge Antilles
Lieutenant Blount
Romas Nevander
Jereon Webb

Effects(11)
Honor of the Jedi
Aim High
Draw Their Fire
Traffic Control
Do, or Do not
The Menace Fades
TBHTP
Revolution
Your Insight Serves You Well
Goo Nee Tay
Projection of a Skywalker

Starships(5)
Home One
Independence
Spiral
Tantive 4
Millenium Falcon

Interrupts(13)
Throw me Another Charge
Skywalkers
Star Destroyer
The Signalx4
The Force is Strong with this One
Out of Commission
Smoke Screen
Run, Luke Run
Grimmtaash
Lost in the Wilderness
'

Strategy: '

This deck wins by slowing down and hurting your opponent through a blanket of effects, just ike ISB choke. Hidden Base Obj. is used so I can start with a twix, 3 effects, give no force to my opponent, and pull out some generation. The 3 effects are made to (1) Slow down force drains, (2) give you some battle forfiet and more generation, and (3) counter SA. Kessel is a late game drain for the win (that can be pulled by Hidden Base) and the docking bay is use to get to Raltiir, or to set up The Menace Fades if your opponent is too scary or in space. All the characters are either Beats, or manip. Bount hurts ISB, Nevander hurts Rallops, Wedge is just a good pilot, and Webb is a spy that can help in battle (if with EPP Leia). The effects can do this Kill SA (DODN+WA), Kill force drains(BP+POAS+TMF), help with battes (DTF) take generation or get a force drain for you (Revo) kill numbers (YISYW) slow down Huntdown (HOFJ+GNT) and slow any kind of retrieval (AH). Next, the ships are just 5 power ships that you can dump hella fodder or mains on. Home is just obivious, Spiral and Tantive rock, Independace has immunity and Forfiet, and the Falcon is just classic. The interrupt selection is combo of 'magic bullets' like TMAC, Skywalkers, Smokescreen (Vader/Tarkin killer) and manip.cards like OOC, SD, and Grimtaash. This is a fun deck that can really work.

AGAINST

Hunt Down
Start WA, DODN, and YISYW so Honor can come out 1st turn and be protected. Get out GNT soon, and don't deploy anybody until the Emperor's posse is out, then go beat wherever they are not If needed, pull out Kessel then stick the <>docking bay there with EPP Obi to keep the Obj. flipped, and then set up Menace for Lightsabers. Beatdown on Vader with Han/Luke/Leia and use Skywalkers and TFISWTO wisely combined with DTF and you will win this game. Late game, Rev a twix and start draining.

Rallops
Start BP, Insurrection, and WA. Just get out Traffic Control and twix and start tracking high destiny so when you battle (with Nevander), your destiny has a chance against theirs. If they set up with Overseeing it, drop Kessel with HB, and <>docking bay with Insurrection and get out Menace, and then Projection to turn what was a drain of 6 or 8 into a drain of 2 or 3 Try to cause some losses on Raltiir mid-game, then drain late game at a rev. twix or Kessel.

BHBM
Start WA, YISYW, and BP. Give them Jedi Luke as soon as possible, then get our twix and wait until they spread out looking for battles. Use Hit and Run tactics with Draw Their Fire, and you should win most battles if you tracked with Traffic Control and you avoid the Emperor's posse. (Shouldn't be too hard since for them to out-drain Kessel, they would have to spread, so look for that).

SYCFA Ties
Hard game. Start BP, WA, and Aim High. Get out the Terminal and twix as fast as possible, then try to contain their Ties to like 2-3 systems, snag All Power (combined with DTF) so they shouldn't get too much of a battle advantage, then late game Rev Wakeelmui and win the game. Still, look out for Lateral Damage, never leave one ship by itself, no matter how much fodder you have on it. Also, try to use Grimtaash at a key moment.

Operatives
Hahahaha, just kidding

COFTG
Not too hard, but be careful of None shall Pass, don't deploy to a Palace site until you have a grabber, then snag it. Set up at Kessel for the drain, then inflitrate Tatooine with your mains, but only your mains so Iggy won't do much, plus, watch out for Hidden Weapons with DTF

Well, I can't think of other dangerous deck types that are out right now, so that's it Try this deck, it's fun, later

Keith Watabayashi'