---
layout: post
author: ! edmund "edmund" gray
title: ! "EBO at its Best"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-09
description: ! "Really balanced EBO capable of beating any deck."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start(4)
A New Secret Base
Signal
1st marker
4th marker

Locations(5)
Echo Docking Bay
Echo War Room
Echo Corridor
Sullust
Kiffex

Characters(13)
Bothan Spy
Arcona
Ish Tibs x2
EPP Leia x2
EPP Luke
Jedi Luke
EPP Obi x2
JPSD Lando
Capt. Han x2

Starships(3)
Home One
Millenium Falcon x2

Effects(12)
Battle Plan
Projection of a Skywalker x2
Order to Engage
Echo Base Operations
Aim High
Revolution
What’re  You Trying to Push on us? x2
Your Insight Serves you Well
Honor of the Jedi
Wise Advice

Interrupts(23)
Alter x2
Sense x2
Nar Shada Wind Chimes x4
Tunnel Vision x4
Rebel Barrier x2
Hyper Escape x2
The Signal
Punch It
A Few Maneuvers
Transmission Terminated
Clash of Sabers
I Know
Lost in the Wilderness '

Strategy: '

I don’t know how this is different from other EBO decks, but I think its really good and has a good chance of winning against any darkside deck.

Use the Narshadas to pull the non-unique aliens and set up EBO.

Insight not only kills numbers but allows you to pull aim high, honor, or battle plan.

Honor is still good.  It shuts down the drains under the shield, blunts There is no Try, stop early court damage, blunts dueling damage, and hurt huntdown if they don’t have no escape.

Use the tunnel visions and ishis to put together the super falcon and get other key cards.

The clash makes your epps deadly and can cancel presence of the force.

This deck gets a guaranteed activation of 11+ whatever opponent gives, not to mention the revolution.  The average destiny is also very high, especially mid to late game.

Mid to late game you can revolution the war room for a nice drain of 2.

The arcona make decree hard to fulfill.

v. huntdown
You can either cancel Visage with transmission terminated or the bothan spy(pullable with narshada).
You can track and win the duels with the ishis or send Vader missing with the lost in the wilderness.  You should be able to knock them out of space pretty easily with the falcon and set up a nice drain while blunting their drains with battle plan, projections, and lost in the wilderness.  if they aren’t using no escape then you can use honor.  Be careful of deploying because the character base is pretty weak, use them for suicide runs only and just pay the three for battle plan. ideally you should put luke or obi at the 4th marker, forcing you opponent to come there, after they kill the jedi and force drain next turn, use lost in the wilderness to send vader missing. grab any used high destiny cards.

v. bhbm
Again deploy luke to the 4th marker to slow your opponent down and set up EBO and a good drain, after they elis over hopefully they will stay a turn to force drain then send vader missing with lost in the wilderness. you have some sac and two grabbers to protect lost in the wilderness. if this doesn’t happen just win the duels by tracking with the ishis, and grab any high destinies. if they don’t have no escape you can take the damage of a few lost duels.  you should be able to knock them out of space for a solid drain and reduce their damage with battle plan and projections. use obi as a sucicide and watch out for circle.

v. court scum/or new objective
Battle plan, aim high, honor, insight vs. #s, projections, lando, and suicide epp’s with high destinies should be game winning. set up ebo and drain steadily at kiffex and watch out for lateral damage(alter it) and Dengar.  don’t deploy early to the ground. make sure your characters die and aren’t captured.	you should be able to out drain them and aim high and battle plan will slow their retrieval and force drains.

v. ties
move the falcon over to wakelmui and just run around with the falcon and hyper escapes. sense the critical all power to weapons and use aim high and battle plan to halt drains and retrieval.	with the ishis its easy to track and kill the emperor.	grab all power and twileck. hold on to the alter to cancel lateral damage and dreaded imperial starfleet and a few maneuvers to survive the cannons.  don’t try to stay and fight, the ties can out power, but run around and out drain.	OTE should be big late game.

v. ralops
if anyone has the balls to play this you can easily beet it. move the falcon over to raltir, harass with the epps and lando. projections, battle plan, and lost in the wilderness will win the game.

if you are going to ridicule this deck please tell me why and how I could fix it, thanks.  don’t forget its easy to get critical cards with the ishis and tunnel visions.

edmund	'