---
layout: post
author: Andy "Solo337" McClure
title: 'Echo Base Beatdown- DragonCon tested.'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-07-03
description: 'This is one of the decks that helped me win 3rd at the DragonCon Open event and first (individually) in the Team Event. In the Open, it went 2-1, it's only loss to Steven Lewis who played Ops and Odds. It also went 2-0 at the Team event the next day.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 


Locations (10)
Hoth: Main Power Generators
Hoth: North Ridge
Hoth: Echo Command Center
Hoth: Echo Corridor
Hoth: Echo Med Lab
Hoth: Echo Docking Bay
Kiffex
Kessel
Hoth
Tatooine

Characters (12)
EPP Obi x2
EPP Han x2
EPP Luke x2
EPP Leia
Jeroen Webb
Wedge Antillies
Melas
General Carlist Rieekan
Boussh

Starships (14)
X-wing x11
Tantive IV
Spiral
Lando in Millenium Falcon

Interrupts (13)
The Signal x3
Transmission Terminated x2
Organized Attack x4
Hyper Escape
All Wings Report In x2
Shocking Info

Effects (9)
Ultimatum
Planet That's Farthest From
Scrambled Transmission
EBO
Incom Corporation
Docking and Repair Facilities
Rebel Fleet
Mechnical Failure
A New Secret Base

Weapons (2)
X-wing Laser Cannon x2


Strategy: 


Well, before I explain the deck strategy, let me just say that this deck did very, very well for me both days of Dragon Con. It went 2-1 at the Open, losing only to Steven Lewis who had Ops and Odds. At the time, I had no Ultimatum in, and I think I would have won if I had had it. I only lost by 9 force, a close game.....

It went 2-0 at the Team event, helping me to get first place! My team didn't got 3rd, but I got first.

Now, about the deck.....

The difference between this deck and every other EBO deck I've seen, is that this deck fights on the ground as well as in space. I played a RalOps deck in the team event, and played Mechanical Failure to beat Igar in Tempest 1 for like 8 force. The deck can keep up with almost any DS deck on the ground to sastisfy Battle Order or block drains or whatever.

It's also very fast. EBO is always up by 3rd turn, even if I have to use mains to occupy. Hoth is in so the Spiral or Tantive can evacuate the mains from Hoth.

I added the Scrambled Transmission and Shocking Info due to the overwhelming number of Scanning Crew and Myiom Onith manipulator decks at the Open.

Once I set up Incom and EBO, all my X-wings are deploy 1, power 4, ability 2. Two X-wings at Kiffex is 13 power and a destiny draw, without Organized Attack.

Here's what I do against major deck types:

HD Duel:
Don't deploy Luke or Obi. Use the Trans Terms and Jeroen to cancel Visage. They are probably light on space, so it should be a very easy game. Just spread and drain them out. Use Boussh to block Vader's drain, and Rebel Fleet to cancel other drains.

HD non duel:
Use Luke and Obi wisely. Don't let them get killed too easily, you want to keep their Objective on the 0 side. Drain and fight in space.

Vs. RalOps:
Play smart. I've never lost to a RalOps deck. I set up EBO, then I control Raltiir, and drop a character to keep flip their Objective back to 0. Beat them off Hoth if they try to set up Imperial Decree. Your Mains help immensely in this game.

Vs. Big Blue:
Power +3 and Organized Attack with Incom make your X-wings ultra powerful. They with they're Laser Cannons can take on anything the Empire throws at you.

Vs. Dark Deal:
Planet that's farthest From is the game. I beat Mike Kessley's Dark Deal deck by setting up TPTFF and draining him out. Use characters and X-wings to cancel Dark Deal if you need to, but you shouldn't.

Vs. Ops:
TPTFF helps. You should be able to drain for more than them, especially if you use your mains to take out the Ops. Should be a faily easy game.

Vs. Odds:
Well, fulfilling Ultimatum should be a piece of cake, so Odds won't hurt you that bad. When I lost to Steven, I didn't have Ultimatum in the deck.


Well, I think that about covers it! Oh, one last thing.... I don't want even 1 person giving me a bad review because "Monnok will destroy you." It will barely even phase you if you play smart. At DragonCon, I had Monnok played on me at least 4 times, and once I played a deck that used 5 Monnoks. All I lost the whole 5 games was 2 X-wings and 2 Organized Attacks from the 4 Monnoks that were played on me. Now, by my math, I lost 4 cards, and my opponents lost 4 Monnoks, so we come out even. The X-wings should get out of your hand every turn, except for maybe one or 2.

Thanks for the reviews-

Andy


