---
layout: post
author: ! David "JWRP119" Monteiro
title: ! "The Real Slim Shady"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-06
description: ! "A Hunt Down deck that counters RTP really well and also alot of other Light Side decks."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'
Starting
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi
Holotheatre
Meditation Chamber
Visage Of The Emporer
Twilek Advisor
Bad Feeling Have I

Characters
IG-88 with Riot Gun
Grand Moff Tarkin x3
Darth Vader x2
DVDLOTS x2
4-Lom with Concussion Rifle
Dr. Evazan (Gets rid of P2187 fast)
Bossk with Mortar Gun
Mara Jade
Commander Igar

Weapons/Devices
Droid Detector
Vaders Lightsaber x3
Maras Lightsaber
Leia Seeker
Luke Seeker

Effects
Come Here You Big Coward
Blast Door Controls
Security Precautions
Secret Plans
Resistance
Oppressive Enforcement
Reactor Terminal
Therell Be Hell To Pay
Battle Order
Visage Of The Emporer
Presence Of The Force

Vehicles
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser x3
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Bossk in Bus

Interrupts
Monnok
Ghhhk
This Is Some Rescue
Trample
Elis Helrot x2
Evader
Sniper
Masterful Move
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
Unexpected Interruption

Locations
Endor
Endor Back Door
Endor Forest Clearing
Endor Dark Forest
Death Star
'

Strategy: '

Here is some added stuff I will have a follow up TR and razzman With P2187 coming out, RTP will see an uprise, and if you knew the cards you would know they hurt RTP and everything else. Also, I dropped a the Luke Seeker and added a second Evader. This deck is 5-0 so far. If you are not good enough, please dont rate this deck, because obviously you don't know what youre talking about. Also, thanks for the good reviews.



Lets move on to the strategy. First off the cards with the * next to them are to indicate
how this deck is different. This deck was made to counter alot of light side decks, but
most of all RTP with Prisoner 2187. This Is Some Rescue cancels Cell 2187 which helps
ALOT and is also a 6 destiny, used, and can cancel Out Of Commision. Shut Him Up Or
Shut Him Down can cancel Death Star Plans which is a big help in a RTP deck, again a 6
destiny, used, and can cancel Bacta Tank.. Trample can get rid of Leia if she is with the
AT ATs and for spies. There are alot of high destinies in this deck. A floating 7, a
couple of 6s, and a bunch of 5s and 4s. For me it is easy to track, if you cannot, I
suggest you learn to fast ;) Lets look at the characters, IG 88 will allow me to re-capture
Leia if she gets loose and with a tracked destiny, it wont be too hard. Also, some other
cards to get her off table are DVDLOTS and Dr. Evazan, again, not hard with these
destinies. Droid Detector is a 5 destiny and can be put in the Detention Cell so 8D8 or
whoever cannot rescue her. Leia Seeker can also be used to take her out early game, orlater. There are also some more assorted cards to help you deal with her and others like Sniper, Trample, etc.. Now, the way I play this deck is usually start with BFHI and the opponent will be choked when trying to get characters out, especially with the +2 for his
mains. I usually drop Vader and saber at their starting location and flip and drain, then
maybe throw down a BH, Dr. E, or the Grand Moff. If they are using a specific planet say, Tatooine, I let Igar do his thing on Tempest 1..Trample really helps here, also, Unexpected Interruption acts as a double for most cards like Evader or Trample. I included 3 Vaders saber because I usually have a tough time getting them out. I think all of the effects are self-explanitory. Resistance is a big help with numbers and big drains. Blast Door Controls cancels Rebel Barrier and Narrow Escape (another good card for RTP). Oppresive Enforcment for the +1 destiny on my Dreadnaughts, making them a 4 Presence is for sites like Obis Hut, Throne Room, or anywhere you need to drain or need
more force. I am thinking of adding in a Jabba the Hutt so he and 4-Lom can get their thang on. Here are some tips for playing other decks

vs Hidden Base You might want to start with Security Precautions if you see they are
going for all out space. Battle Order and Resitance should do most of the work while
Vader and Tarkin drain on the ground. Be SMART when you probe and dont leave yourself vulnerable to a massive attack, if that happens you have a Ghhhk, if not then use Masterful Move, or Unexpected Interruption to get it.

vs. Ops This will be fun. Again, get out Battle Order and Resistance, let Vader and Tarkin run around on their planet and have Igar trampling some Ops while Dr. E follows Mara slicing people up. Hold either Endor or their system for drains and to satisfy Battle Order.

vs. Profit You might want to start Mara and Dr. E at AC with their game text, this will make them uneasy about deploying immediatly. BFHI will really hurt them while you are setting up your cards. Sniper and Trample are really good for disposing of Han. Secret Plans will hurt them when they flip. This shouldnt be too hard of a game.

vs. Throne Room Mains Revo/No Revo BFHI is gonna be crucial in this game. One Evader will be enough. You can track it around again or even use Unexpected Interruption. They really wont have much force to grab it. Mara will help alot in this game on getting to Yavin, then let Igar and Temp 1 tear the planet up. Considering they wont try and win it back. The Eliss will help alot because most Throne decks dont pack
a Insurrection.

vs. Anything else Play smart, let Vader and Tarkin do most of the dirty work for you and
let others clean up the mess. Try not to let attrition pile up on you. The destinies in this
deck RULE. They will greatly affect the outcome of the game. Also, one last note, READ THE CARDS, they do hurt the LS alot, example Masterful Move.....cancels Savrip and lets you get Holograms, THATS tech
'