---
author: Justin "futbolb13" Brinkerhoff
title: 'Foo on tracking Hunt Down deck'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-07
description: 'This Hunt Down deck will hopefully utilize this objective's strong points, while skirting its weak points with other strong ways to win.  Also it contains the means to take down most of the popular LS decks (especially objectives) around.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Locations(8)
Executor: Holotheater
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Tatooine:Cantina
Tatooine:Lars' M. F.
Tatooine:Tusken Canyon
Tatooine:Jundland Wastes
Tatooine:J.P.Audiance Chamber
Tatooine:D.B. 94

Characters(17)
Darth Vader
DVDLOTS X2
Vader w/stick
Emperor Palpatine X2
Grand Moff Tarkin X2
Mara Jade
Fett w/blaster
Jodo Kast
Janus Grejatus
Commander Igar
Bane Malar
Admiral Ozzel
4-LOM w/gun
U-3PO

Starships(3)
Executor
Fett in Slave 1
Bossk in Hounds Tooth

Interupts(14)
The Circle is Now Complete
Vader's Obsession
Sense X3
Twi'lek Advisor X2 (s vs. HB or MWYHL)
Omni Box X2
Force Lightning
You Are Beaten Sniper
Hutt Smootch
Sniper
Prepared Defenses (normal s)

Effects(12)
Visage of the Emperor (s)
Reactor Terminal
Presence of The Force X2
Expand The Empire
Destroyed Homestead
He Is Not Ready
There'll Be Hell To Pay
Broken Concentration (s vs. MWYHL)
Security Precautions (s vs. HB)
Oppresive Enforcement (normal s)
Imperial Arrest Order (normal s)


Vehicles(2)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2

Weapons(3)
Vaders Lightsaber
ara Jade's Lightsaber
F. T.'s Stun Rifle

Objective:
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gon Out Of The Universe


Strategy: 

The whole strategy behind this deck is that it should be able to win in more than one way, while holding up against the more popular LS objectives.  First, it can duel with Obsession and Circle if it happens, and with decent destiny draws, should do ok.  Now especially with Honor of A Jedi, dueling is out, so it needs other ways to win.	It has many powerful cards, and should hold up well in battles.  Due to site choice, PoF, and Expand, it should do quite well as a drain deck.	Some more strategy will be best shown by addressing specific cards...

Imperial Arrest Order: get out that needed battle ground the first turn.  also prevent rude supprises if you end up spread out and draining.

Broken Concentration, He Is Not Ready, (The Signal): Make that cursed 1st test virtually impossible.  in a 14 player tournament i was recently in there were 4 training decks.	all did very well as there were none of these cards.

Sites, PoF X2, Expand, (Janus Grejatus/Emperor): Drains for 4/5/6.  'nough said

Destroyed Homestead, He Is Not Ready: This deck is geared towards battle.  keep him from hiding or make him pay.

Omni Box: Tracking destinies is just getting too popular and deadly.  plus it is a D5 and used. (take out that 7 for test 5)

Sense X3:  either you love them or you hate them. cancel that arcona or tauntaun react.  when was the last time you saw that?

Sniper/Hutt Smootch: Kill the weeny spy/ capture han or leia.  it is not good for your drains to be canceled

Plus Some Killer Combos:

Ozzel/Blizzard 2: hold down a site for six force. power 8, destiny, immunity to attrition <4

Vader,Tarkin,Jodo Kast: Cancel TWO destinies if need be

So anyway... There you have it.  A deck that should display a great mix of offense, defense, and subterfuge.