---
author: Mike "Thunder" Rebman
title: 'TM/ 2000-Thunder's COTVG'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-18
description: 'My COTVG deck which plays no-flip, heavy beatdown, and uses the Visage-like text of the front side of the objective.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective: 1
Court Of The Vile Gangster/I Shall Enjoy Watching You Die

Locations: 8
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace: Dungeon
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Great Pit Of Carkoon
Tatooine: Jabba's Palace
Tatooine: Jundland Wastes
Tatooine: Lars' Moisture Farm
Tatooine: Tusken Canyon

Characters: 15
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Bane Malar
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Bossk With Mortar Gun
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
Dr. Evazan
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Jabba
Jodo Cast
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand x2
M'iiyoom Onith
Outer Rim Scout x2
Zuckess

Creatures: 4
Womp Rat x4

Vehicles/Starships: 8
Jabba's Sail Barge
Skiff x3
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Jabba's Space cruiser
Zuckess In Mist Hunter

Weapons: 3
Antipersonnel Laser Cannon x2
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Interrupts: 11
Masterful Move x2
Monnok x2
Set For Stun x2
Sniper x2
Twi'lek Advisor x3

Effects: 10
First Strike
Lateral Damage
Reactor Terminal
Resistance
Scum And Villainy x2
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
There Is No Try
There'll Be Hell To Pay


Strategy: 

The goal of this deck is to keep the objective on the front side, keep the LS' characters off of tatooine, and apply heavy beatdown where necessary. i usually put my characters on skiifs/Jabba's Barge while letting loose my Womp Rats. That way the Womp rats can't touch me, but I can still fire my weapons at my opponent's characters.

This deck vs. popular LS archetypes:

vs. Hidden Base
- You can start Security Precautions or Twi'lek for it later, it all depends on who or what your playing against. Probe their HB ASAP (got that?) and keep your starships together at all costs. Versus X-Wing swarm just drain as much as possible, and usually those decks lack characters so the front side of the objective can come in handy. Otherwise Monnok and drain as much as possible, and only enter space when you know you can handle it.

vs. MWYHL
- I have kind of a unique way of dealing with this deck: Set For Stun with a tracked Masterful Move. Bye, bye, Luke/Leia. If you can track them through their deck, and play M'iiyoom Onith's gametext to keep them away. Drain, and battle if they come at you.

vs. Obi/Tosche
- The last time I played one of these, it withered and died. The womps and hunters will take care of their characters. The upside for playing this deck type is that it's very interactive.

vs. Ops
- As Ops falls in popularity and tourney play (which i personally think it shouldn't) I don't exepect it to be a problem at all. Resistance will slow them. The hunters will kill them. And drains and the objective will finish the scraps.

vs. Revo
- First I'd like to mention NOBODY plays revo around here, which is why I have no major defense for it. BUT in case I run into a revo deck sometime, it shouldn't be too much of a problem. You could send you womp rats to Yavin to take out the nudj's. Or you clould allow them to choke you considering you're not playing any 2/0 locations, and just battle till the end. Jabba helps with activation allowing you to activate 1 whenever you force drain with an alien, which isn't bad at all.

vs. Numbers
- Resistance + battle + drain = victory.

vs. QMC
- Drain as much as possible, and if they want to avoid the objective's text they're gonna have to come to Tatooine. If they do, take'em out. Get hunters with ships to their clouds to help defend against drains. Resistance also lowers their drain potential.

Deck's Tech:
First before I go through this, I'd like to express my definition of 'tech' for those who do not know what it is. Tech is any card, which does not see much play, but has some power when used right. Here we go:

Set for Stun:
Gametext:
Use 2 Force to target one opponent's character. Draw destiny. If destiny > character's ability, character immediately returns to opponent's hand. (Also, any cards deployed on character return to owners' hands.)

-'Obvious here. Send an annoying character back to their hand. And all it takes is a tracked Masterful Move. Not too shabby. Also kills MWYHL.'

Sniper:
Gametext:
During your control phase, fire one of your weapons (at normal use of the Force). If URoRRuR'R'R firing, add 2 to destiny draw. (A seeker may be targeted by a character weapon as if it has maneuver of 4.) Hit target is immediately lost.

-'Planning a battle this turn? Play this during your control phase with a tracked MM, then during the battle follow up with you weapons and Evazan. The result is the lIMMEDIATE loss of the LS' charaters. Heh.'

This is a fun powerful deck to play. Takes a bit of skill because you need to be able to keep track of your opponent's cards and yours, but it's still very effective. Until later!

CHANGES- 2/19/00-
Took out the Antipersonnel Laser Cannons
Added Hutt Smooch x2 for spy protection 