---
author: edmund "edmund" gray
title: The Empire has invaded Tantooine!! We’re all going to die!
side: Dark
date: 2000-10-15
description: Use Court to set up Occupation
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Start(8)

Court
AC
Dungeon
Pit
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Points
You Cannot Hide Forever
Oppressive Enforcement or Resistance

Locations(6)

Tantooine x2
Executor DB
DSII DB
Tantooine DB
Space Port DB

Characters(18)

Lord Vader x2
Tarkin
Mara
Igar
Aloo
Merrejk
Godhert
ECC 4-lom
U-3p0
Jabba the Hutt
Djas Puhr
Malar
Jodo Kast
Danz Borin
Dr. Evazen
Niado
ECC Ig 88

Weapons(2)

Vaders ls
Maras ls

Ships(6)

Bossk
Zuckuss
Dengar
Boba
Executor
Chimera

Vehicles(2)

Tempest 1
Blizzard 2

Effects(8)

Resistance
Therell be hell to pay
Tantooine Occupation
Battle Order
Search and Destroy
Presence of the Force x2
Security Precautions


Interrupts(10)

Ghhhk x2
Sniper x2
Elis Helrot x2
Twileck x2
Alter x2  

Strategy: 

Court lets you start with 2 tantooine battlegrounds and 2 others, so it’s the perfect set up for occupation.

Start pulling DBs and put scrubs to start activating tons(always keep a ghhhk to prevent beetdown). About 2-3rd turn pull Mara and saber to AC. From there you should be well on your way to dominating Tantooine with the massive activation and the amount of characters. After you get Tantooine out (ideally via Merrejk) fortify it with a pulled executor (via MP) and the bounty hunter ships (via Court).

Do not forget about the court damage if you and your opponent isn’t on Tantooine. And don’t forget about the bounty hunters being forfeit +2.

You cannot hide forever lets you pull: security precautions, search and destroy, and battle order. Pull whatever would help you most (duh!).

Godhert handles landing claws.

v. EBO

Start resistance instead of oppressive and wait to deploy Tantooine until you can control it. With resistance you can ignore EBO and set up Occupation and generally Battle order and search and destroy can be used to hurt the opponent bad. Pull Mara and saber first turn for a steady drain of 2. when they come to Tantooine just Elis on their @#$% and they will be off really quick. You should win this matchup with direct damage, reduced drains, and battle order. Dengar is key to keeping Tantooine: don’t lose him!

v. Profit

This deck will beat profit decks most of the time by 15+. You have a wide variety of Aliens to choose, I generally choose Mara and Evazen then move outside to Jabba’s Palace once they start saving force. Battle Order/beatdowns/snipers/elis/evazen/4-lom should be able to tame most profit decks into submission, set up occupation and you should be able to out damage your opponent.

v. Hidden base

Ignore them, set up occupation, and pull Security precautions and the executor and probe Tantooine so you take no battle damage and if needed pull the bounty hunter ships and probe some more. Battle Order/Search and Destroy/Dengar should prove to be game winners.

v. TIGIH

Capture Luke and laugh, as there is no way in hell they are taking Tantooine. If its speeders put Mara in the AC with her saber and Presence. Move for free to the Hoth db via the Executor or DSII db and cancel Incom. Sniper ASPs. This game should be really easy especially when you consider all the alien power just incase you can’t find Vader don’t deploy any Imps. Set up occupation and fortify. This matchup shouldn’t prove to be too hard.

v. MWYHL

Start as you would against EBO. S+D, Elis, Resistance(reduces AFA), and Occupation should win the game.

I can’t think of any other popular LS decks, but it should beet most. This deck wins if you play it right, just set up Occupation and you should be well on your to victory.  