---
layout: post
author: ! Matt "Ooryl_909" Woleske
title: ! 'Hidden Base Has Never Been Better'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-20
description: ! 'This is a Hidden Base Deck Which sets you up on one of 3 hidden bases while you beat on the opponent in space and drain heavily.'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'Obj. (1)
Hidden Base

Locations (11)
Courlag x2
Aquaris x2
Kessel x2
Redezvous Point
Endor
Kiffex
Sullust
Coruscant

Characters (5)
Admiral Ackbar
Ten Numb
Wedge Antilles
Major Hassh'n
BoShek

Weapons (11)
Enhanced Proton Torps. x3
SW-4 Ion Cannon x2
Orbital Mine x6

Starships (20)
Home One
Independence
Defiance
Liberty
Spiral
Red Squad X-Wing
Red Leader in Red 1
B-Wing Bomber x10
Nebulon-B Frigate x3

Interupts (7)
All Wings
Signal x2
It Could Be Worse
Collision
Hyper Escape x2

Effects (6)
Your Insight
HoTJ
S-Foils
Rebel Fleet
Traffic Control
Ultimatum

'

Strategy: '

A Short Time Ago, In a State Not Far Away...A great thing happened I Matt Woleske, AKA Ooryl_909 On D*II's Realease day stuck 2 Aquaris Systems in my Hidden Base deck and became the first of many to use Aquaris as my Hidden Base.

Anyway after that short notice to all you out there in computer land the srategy starts...

Alright finally I get to start this was a deck idea i had for a while on D*II's realease day after i got my Box i Made this great deck after a few trades it improved and was once shared on Deciphers BBS but now for your playing enjoyment it is here on DeckTech.

Now i Will give you stratgy against different Deck Types

Rallops Stick to the usual game plan and drain em' out in space if they try to challenge you 3 of your s-foil souped up B-Wings can take care of star destroyers if you can ion cannon them and bring a huge fleet in to pull a descive blow against em' with your fleet.

ISB stick to the stratgy against rallops and whatever you do just cancel the enhance drains and try to ultimatum them too.

HDADTJ If they challenge you in space Blow em outta the sky and try to do some damage on the side if they don't do your best to pull HOTJ fast and get rid of the annoying visage lossage

SYCFA Against the Manip take the hits it gives you and try to just drain them out in space otherwise just do the normal get rid of the star destroyers adding to the drains and ultimatum and cancel them

Endor Ops definitly keep a firm hold of the endor system if you can convert it also so you can keep them from getting good drains from that pesky adder establist secret base and the ominous rumour lossages also

BHBM Drain them out denying them the oppertunity to add cards to the duel adder isignificant rebellion i think it is anyway just drain drain drain and drain more after that pull every thing you can to stop the obj. losses and do the HOTJ thing too

now the cards you were questioning

Ten Numb Ok now not too amazing stats except he adds to the weapon destiny of B-Wings he pilots hes a light side danz borin not as bad as you thought eh.

Orbital Mine you think it sucks well i grew to love it after killing boba in slave one and a dreadnaught in one turn drawing a 5 and a 6 destiny.  still think it sucks???

Major Hassh'n I think that this guy is the best it gets he cancels the bane of my existance lateral damage at the same system now why do i like him soooooo much cause last tourney my home one got lateral damage imagine that a masterpeice of athestetic for being reduced to something as falcon-like as lateral damage this ain't no hunk o' junk i can tell you that.  '