---
layout: post
author: Michael "MadSkills84" Pistone
title: 'Manipulate this why don't ya v. 2.0'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-07-14
description: 'Here's my throne room deck that has been revised from it's original post.  It can beat just about everything.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Locations: (11)
Yavin 4: Massassi Throne Room
Farm
Swamp
Tatooine: Obi's Hut
Hoth: Echo Command Center (War Room)
Yavin 4: Massassi War Room
Endor: Chief Chirpa's Hut
Dagobah: Yoda's Hut
Rendezvous Point
Cloud City: Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City: Lower Corridor

Characters: (15)
2x EPP Obi
2x EPP Luke
2x EPP Han
2x EPP Leia
Obi Wan Kenobi
Tawss Khaa
Orrimaarko
Wedge Antilles
Momaw Nadon
Jeroen Webb
Lando With Blaster Pistol

Starships: (3)
Millenium Falcon
Tantive IV
Spiral

Device: (1)
Landing Claw

Creatures: (2)
2x Nudj

Interrupts: (21)
5x Sense
4x Alter
3x Shocking Information
2x The Signal
2x Don't Forget The Droids
2x Transmission Terminated
Careful Planning
Tunnel Vision
The Force Is Strong With This One

Effects: (7)
Wise Advice
Battle Plan
Bacta Tank
Goo Nee Tay
Mantellian Savrip
Order To Engage
Traffic Control

Strategy: 

*Updates*
I took out the anti duel cards and a few others that i found not needed to add in another cc site to drain, a premiere obi for sense alter, a landing claw to cancel space drains and another alter.



Start vs. every deck is always the same with throne room careful planning swamp and farm. Same as always.

Vs. The New Manipulator Deck

Get down an obi or luke quickly. If they are using the new objective they are giving you 2 more force to add to the 5 you generate yourself. This gives you 7 which even with bad feeling have i out allows you to deploy a first or second turn obi or luke. Since you get the first turn you have two turns to get one down to give you a s/a/c guy. There are 3 shocking info's in here and enough sense alter to back them up. Try to get down wise advice just in case you might lose a s/a/c war. There is also goo nee tay in here. So once you take out miyoom with either goo nee tay or shocking info, set some guys up at the carbonite chamber to drain. If they put guys somewhere other than the death star come down and kick the crap out of them, don't bother wasting your guys on the death star because they don't take battle damage.

vs. Hunt Down

There are two transmission terminateds and two spies in here if necessary to cancel visage. The key to this game is gathering a force at the carbonite chamber to drain. Play smartly and you can win.

vs. ISB

come down and murder their guys when they are at their weakest. then spread and drain. Not too hard.

vs. Ral Ops

Get on Raltiir Fast. Use all the starships at the same planet to make sure you don't lose in space. Get guys down quick and cause force loss. Alter bad feeling have i as soon as possible.

If anyone has any suggestions questions or comments please let me know.

Thanks

Mike