---
layout: post
author: ! Joe "ishi tib" Pestro
title: ! "EBO At Its Best"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-14
description: ! 'This deck is a combonation of a couple winning strategies, making it very powerful. It is good at battles, force draining, and retrieval.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (8)
Hoth MPG (st)
Hoth NR (st)
Hoth Echo Command Center
Hoth Echo Corridor
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Kiffex
Kessel
Coruscant

Characters (8)
Bargawin x 3
Ishi Tib x 3
Commander Luke Skywalker
Yoxgit

Starships (12)
Home One
Spiral
X - Wing x 10

Vehicles (10)

Snowspeeder x 5
Sandspeeder x 5

Interrupts (5)
On The Edge x 2
The Signal x 3 (st)

Effects (8)
A New Secret Base (st)
Echo Base Garrasion
Echo Base Operations
Incom Corporation x 2
Maneuvering Flaps x 2
Yarna x 2
Menace Fades
Ice Storm

Weapons/Devices (9)
Ewok Catapault x 2
Intruder Missile x 2
Bionic Hand x 2


'

Strategy: '

This deck has a great balance of space, ground, and retreiving cards. Start with main power generators, north ridge, and a new secret base. It is easy to set up EBO and start draining and battling your opponent to death. Use the signal to get incom corporation on one of your interior hoth sites. If you don’t know what incom corp. does, it makes your x - wings and speeders power + 1 and gives them an ability 2 pilot. If your opponent comes to hoth to set up decree, that is no problem. Just activate your maneuvering flaps and beatdown with speeders. Only two speeders boosted with incom corp. and flaps has a total power of 12 plus destiny Just think of the potential with a whole fleet of speeders... Also use the bargawins and on the edge to retreive your weapons and devices. The reason I use the piece of junk commander luke is because I am able to get him from reserve. Pull Echo Base Garrasion from reserve using a new secret base, and that allows you to get (hoth)luke. Put him at an echo site, and he makes your flaps immune to alter and gives you a rebel of ability > 2 for the purpose of on the edge. Vs. BHBM just deploy him at the docking bay and throw him to your opponent. This deck is great for beating down your opponents who just assume EBO decks are weak on ground. The combonation of speeders, incom corp., and flaps is unstoppable.

'