---
layout: post
author: ! Mike "Thunder" Rebman
title: ! "MBO-X"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-07-05
description: ! 'My version of X-Wing swarm which utilizes the new MBO objective to setup Haven, S-Foils, and Incom Corporation to pump up the X-Wings.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'(MBOXv1.0) - Wed Jul 05 103138 2000

Objective (1)
Massassi Base Operations/One In A Million

Locations (8)
Corulag
Coruscant
Endor
Kashyyyk
Kessel
Kiffex
Yavin 4
Yavin 4 Docking Bay

Characters (8)
BoShek
Captain Han Solo  x2
Luke With Lightsaber  x2
Obi-Wan Kenobi	x2
Wedge Antilles

Starships (16)
Millennium Falcon  x2
Spiral
Tantive IV
X-wing	x12

Interrupts (11)
All Wings Report In
Hit And Run  x2
Houjix	x2
Organized Attack  x3
The Signal  x3

Effects (13)
Battle Plan
Do, Or Do Not
Haven
Incom Corporation  x2
Legendary Starfighter
Mantellian Savrip
S-Foils  x2
Ultimatum
Wise Advice
Yarna d'al' Gargan  x2

Weapons (3)
X-wing Laser Cannon  x3

'

Strategy: '

I've been playing this deck for about 2 weeks now and it's got a pretty good track record. So far it is 10-2 in tournament play, beating decks such as Hunt Down, Court, RalOps, ISB, and SYCFA. Lost against a Hunt Down w/ numbers because I lost Ultimatum to an early drain and was unable to retrieve it back, thus had no further nembers protection, and a RalOps deck mainly because I got bad draws, and made some fatal errors.

Main start for this deck is the Objective (duh), Yavin IV, Yavin IV Docking Bay,The Signal, and Yarna. Next you want to either do one of two things if you fear SAC, get out Do, Or Do Not, and Wise Advice. Otherwise drop Haven on Yavin IV, Incom on the Docking Bay and S-Foils. That gives you power 6 X-Wings (power 7 with Organized Attack), that deploy for free. Not bad. Mantellian Savrip is awesome in this deck and has saved me countless times. Houjix and Hit And Run are also cool cards, allowing you to avoid massive damage, while causing some yourself. Legendary Starfighter on the Falcon with Han and Wedge (or Boshek) is a force to be reckoned with.

So, why don't I use Hidden Base? There are several reasons
1.) Hidden Base is a very common deck type for the Light Side, and I'm yet to see a Dark deck which doesn't have some anti-HB cards. By playing MBO it catches my opponent's off guard.
2.) MBO allows me to setup quickly. Haven on Yavin IV and Incom on the Docking Bay gives me free, powerful X-Wings, real quick like.
3.) MBO is a very underused objective and this is basically an attempt to make it viable.



'