---
layout: post
author: ! Robert "Sparky" Parker
title: ! "Who says Rallops can't get activation?"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-09
description: ! 'This deck uses Mobilization points and DB's to get activation quickly.  Flip in 3-4 turns and start draining for as much as possible.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting 6
Ralltiir Operations/In The Hands Of The Empire
Ralltiir
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
Biker Scout Gear

Characters 20
Emperor Palpatine
Lord Vader
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
Grand Moff Tarkin
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
General Veers
Commander Igar
Colonel Davod Jon
Lieutenant Endicott
Captain Godherdt
Captain Sarkli
Imperial Commander
Biker Scout Trooper x5
Barquin D'an
M'iiyoom Onith

Starships 4
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Dengar In Punishing One

Vehicles 8
Tempest 1
Blizzard 1
Blizzard 2
Speeder Bike x5

Weapons 2
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Disruptor Pistol

Effects 8
Battle Order
Bad Feeling Have I
Come Here You Big Coward
Expand The Empire
Overseeing It Personally
Presence Of The Force x2
Reactor Terminal

Interrupts 6
Abyssin Ornament
Monnok x3
Sense
Trooper Sabbac

Locations 6
Spaceport City
Spaceport Prefect's Office
Spaceport Street
Spaceport Docking Bay
Coruscant Docking Bay
Executor Docking Bay'

Strategy: '

This is a Rallops deck designed to counter a fairly major problem I have found in most of the Rallops decks in my region, and mine in particular.  That is the problem of low activation.  Decks such as EBO or MWYHL pose problems with this deck because of the force activation the get compared to mine.  At max, I usually only activated 12 or so force a game, and pretty much every turn, two was already spent.

To solve this, I use Prepared Defenses to get out Mobilization Points, IAO, and Biker Scout Gear to protect against Scramble, which rears its ugly head around here.  If the opponent starts with Battle Plan, start Battle Order to get rid of the 3 force per drain and get Biker Scout Gear once you flip.  On my first turn I get out the Courscant or Executor Docking Bay and deploy one of my one of my officers, (except Veers and Igar)
otherwise known as scrubs, to the site and use the objective to get out a generic site.  If I get lucky and the opponent gives me 2 or 3 force, I might even be able to deploy a Biker Scout and Bike to the sight, which is probably Spaceport City.  On the second turn I should be activating 6 force minimum, more depending on what the opponent is giving me.

From there deploy the Scouts and Bikes, flip, and fortify Ralltiir.  Get out some Drain Helpers too.

Card Explanations

AT-AT's Use them as focal points for your forces.  Also, they are good protection for say, Tarkin if you don't want him turned into Swiss Cheese.

M'iiyoom Onith She scans their hand and may even take out a beatdown force if you get lucky.

Monnoks Use them with M'iiyoom Onith once you are activating lots of force.  M'iiyoom scans the hand to see what's their and Monnok takes out annoying things like It Could Be Worse.

Trooper Sabbac A nice way to pick up weapons, and it can work wonders against a MWYHL deck that uses Away With Your Weapon to put Luke's Backpack back and draw it.

CHYBC Also Works well against MWYHL.  That deck is popular in my area.

And of course, everyone's favorite scum are their to maintain a space presence.

I appreciate critique and suggestions along with what I did right. =)

May The Force Be With You
'