---
author: Jodo "Jodo Kast17" Kast
title: 'BH More Powerful Than You Can Imagine'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-29
description: 'Bounty Hunters are the ultimate power.  Direct Damage, Capture and Feed.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective: Court of the Vile Gangster

Locations (10)
Tatooine
Nal Hutta
Audience Chamber
Cantina
Docking Bay 94
Dungeon
Great Pit of Carkoon
Jundland Wastes
Rancor Pit
Spaceport: Docking Bay

Characters (16)
4-LOM w/Gun
Bane Malar
Boba Fett CC
Bossk w/Gun
Dengar w/Gun
Djas Puhr
Ephant Mon
IG-88 w/Gun
Jabba the Hutt
Jodo Kast
Kithaba
Mara Jade
Ree-Yees
Sim Aloo
Vader w/Stick
Zuckuss

Starships/Vehicles (7)
Avenger
Fett in Slave 1
Bossk in Bus
Chimaera
Dengar in Punishing One
Executor
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts (9)
Elis Helrot
Evader
Hidden Weapons x2
Jabba’s Through With You
Trap Door x2
Twi’lek Advisor x2

Effects (11)
All Wrapped Up
Battle Order
Bounty x2
First Strike
Lateral Damage
Reactor Terminal
Resistance
Search and Destroy
There Is No Try
Tatooine Occupation

Weapons (5)
Dengar’s Modified Riot Gun
Feltipern’s Stun Gun
Mandalorian Armor
Mara Jade’s Stick
Thermal Detonator

Creatures (1)
Rancor


Strategy: 

UPDATE: Switch out Ree-Yees, Thermal Detonator and Jabba's Through w You. Replace with BFett CC, Something Special Planned and another Rancor.  The reasoning behind these changes is this.  Ree-Yees for Fett: More power, immunity to attrition, added forfeit for bounty, and able to be targetted by hidden weapons.  Ree-Yees didn't do much more than have good ability and bounty hunter skill.  Detonator for Something Special: With Fett turning in bounties i don't need the extra 3.  Also, when the rancor eats, it retrieves even more.  Jabba's Through for Rancor:  I got plenty of suggestions that i add another rancor.  This will make sure that i don't lose the first and lose its great ability.
	The basic idea behind this deck is to capture my opponent’s characters, retrieve bounties on them for force, and then feed them to the Sarlacc.  That gives me more force retrieval as well as placing them out of play, and hurting my opponent with force loss.  The idea is to flip the objective, feed the prisoners, and then flip it back so I’m back to the great front side.
	I have six cards to capture characters during battles.	The two capturing guns go on fett and jodo.  Jodo gets the riot gun, on him, it fires for free, has destiny +5!  It is rare that I even need a destiny of great than 0 to capture someone.  He can also be targeted by hidden weapons, which is a great card.  The only way that hidden weapons does not get a hit, is if the destiny is 0-1, anything above either captures, hits, or immediately kills.  Fett gets the stun gun, which is best when targeting bounty.  Fett is the one who I usually have gathering bounties anyway, which makes this the perfect weapon for him.  He too can be targeted by hidden weapons.	The Mandalorian armor gives another hunter the ability to use hidden weapons.  IG and Bossk each have permanent weapons that can capture.  If by some chance anyone does not get captured in the battle, all wrapped up cleans them up afterward.
	I use direct damage a lot in this deck.  Drains can be modified, but direct damage is hard to stop.  Court has it’s own damage, which should bring my opponent to me.  When s/he does, it is time for me to begin the kill.  Tatooine occupation is pretty self-explanatory.  Another great card that gives direct damage is search and destroy.	This is great against EBO, which pretty much abandons the ground.  It causes force loss during every draw phase, including mine.  This makes it just as good as visage.  It is also a great card against x/b/a-wing swarm that has almost no ground ability.
	I’ll no explain some of the other cards.	The executor may be expensive to deploy, but it is well worth the cost.  I put it at Tatooine with anything else and my occupation is safe.  Nal Hutta is great for pulling bounties.  I don’t have to even occupy the system, and it is only a drain of 1 for my opponent.  The docking bays can be pulled at the beginning and allow me to get to wherever my opponent is.  The rancor is in this deck instead of the Sarlacc for several reasons.  First, it is much easier to feed the rancor.  Instead of moving from the dungeon or audience chamber, outside, and then to the Sarlacc pit, I can simply dump them after getting my bounty.  The rancor retrieve more force in most situations, especially if the card is a main, which I will primarily be feeding.  The rancor also does not miss.  It is next to impossible to feed luke or obi to the rancor, even leia, Orrimaarko, melas or tawass are next to impossible.  The rancor makes it so even luke jedi has to draw two higher than me to even survive.
	Lateral Damage is great against home one.  The high power ship suddenly becomes power and forfeit 0.  Who cares about its high immunity to attrition, let it stay!  It just gives me more time to pound it with everything I’ve got.  I put the lateral damage on Nal Hutta and suddenly it’s going to be a while before the ship is able to fight again.  If I’m fighting at Tatooine or farther away and my opponent has no other systems closer to Nal Hutta then it is not going to get any better.  There is no try makes it difficult for my opponent to cancel it, and even if they do, it makes them pay.
	Battle order works great against an EBO or hidden base deck.  Working with court’s damage and search and destroy, they now are losing three force each of their turns, plus using three force to drain each time.  A great combination.
Evader is used against choke decks.
This deck is one of my favorites.  Bounty hunters give great power and even greater game texts.  This trait makes them what I consider the best cards in the game.  The deck combines great land and good space, great retrieval and direct damage, plus good drains.  It is a balanced deck that won’t be taken by surprise by anything.
