---
layout: post
author: Geoff "Loaf" Gallo-Cornell
title: 'COW SH!T ON A STICK'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-04
description: ! 'Lightning Fast deck with good destiny once it gets set up.....which is all of 3 turns'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'RLinR1
Home One
Millenium Falcon
Red Squadron 1

Locations(7)
Hoth
Kiffex
Hoth Echo DB x3
Hoth Echo War Room
Hoth Echo Corridor

Interrupts(15)
Hyper Escape
Punch It
Bith Shuffle
A Few Manuever
Transmission Terminated
Out Of Nowhere
I Know
Moving To Attack Position
Rebel Barrier
The Signal x4
Tunnel Vision x2

Effects(10)
Frozen Assets
Do Or Do Not
EBO
Strikeforce
Legendary Starfighter
Launching the Assault
Haven
Reflection
Traffic Control
A New Secret Base (key card) '

Strategy: '

*********************
decktech was bad today, so please excuse the cut off decklist which is beyond my control....ahh
heres the beginning of the decklist.....such a pain

Starting (6)
Hoth N Ridge
Hoth MPG
HFTMF
Draw Their Fire
Squad Assignments
Strike Planning

Characters(16)
Major Haash’n
Comm Evram Lajaie
FO Thaneespi
Ackbar
Nien Nunb
Wedge, RSL
Figrin D’an
EPP Obi
EPP Luke (or jedi luke, if you have him)
ECC Chewie
Capt Han
EPP Leia
General Calrissian
General Madine
Colonel Cracken
Ketwol

Ships(6)
Liberty
R2-D2 in Red 5

thanks for understanding that it wasnt my fault
**************************

Ok, this deck is LIGHTNING FAST, and im dead serious. Second turn EBO some games, third turn is the usual, and any later is just regarding poor draws. The name does have a funny story to it, but I’ll get to that later....

First Turn
Activate your three, plus whatever they give you. If you don’t have one of the 4 signals or the ANSB in hand, its gonna be a 3 turn setup, otherwise it will be a 2 turn, and you usually get atleast 1 signal or ANSB, i mean, its 5 cards. Signal for ANSB if you didnt draw it, then deploy it, and use it to immeadiatly get the war room and corridor, and if you cant get those, get as many echo sites as you can, and D them. use Strike Planning to take madine into hand. If they gave you three force, or you didnt need to signal for the ANSB, good, that means you can D madine to the war room, and take ketwol from deck with him (or cracken if ketwol is absent).

Second Turn
Before activating, use ANSB to get the echo site(s) you need, if you can, grab an echo DB. Activate, then use madine to grab either ketwol or cracken, whichever you didnt get first turn or in your hand. If both are in the force pile or something bad like that, use strike planning to grab general calrissian, although i would wait to grab him so you can stick him on the falcon. by now you should have three echo sites down, all occupied, and hopefully you managed to get two signals, and therefore EBO, for a second turn EBO, but its not too likely that happened. Draw up, and hope for the falcon and han -) (Note deploy ketwol to the DB, and cracken to the corridor, that way ketwol can give you free transports)

Third Turn
Before Activating, use ANSB to grab the two remaining echo DBs, or ebo if you havent gotten it yet. Now activate and deploy EBO if you just got it.

from now on, get the echo DBs (they are tech with ketwol, ill explain later) and the systems. that should get the lower destinies out of your deck. play your signals whenever you get them, and just basically try to control hoth and kiffex, which should be rather easy. now for the specifics

ANSB -- no brainer, it pulls your low destinies and good cards out

Squad Assignments -- gets those pilot/ship combos together faster

Strike Planning -- pulls generals

Draw Their Fire -- retrieval for you and force loss for them

Traffic Control -- puts excess cards back into your deck for a higher differential, and better destinies

Reflection -- retrieves one a turn

Launching The Assault -- drains +1 where the liberty and home one are

Legendary Starfighter -- consistent force loss for them

Strikeforce -- keeps your drains safe, and has a good destiny

Do, Or Do Not -- makes S/A more dangerous for them

Frozen Assets -- killer w/ draw their fire

Tunnel Vision -- good for getting that card you just cant find

Haven -- helps hold hoth

Signal -- pulls effects, and is a nice recycleable 5

Barrier -- stops beatdowns

Moving To Attack Position -- saves the falcon from numerous destinies

I Know -- gets EPP leia, and adds destinies, plus it has a 5

Out of Nowhere -- adds a destiny, has a nice 5, and is a used interrupt...what more could you ask for?

Transmission Terminated -- hurts hunt down and is a 5

A Few Manuevers -- easy 6

Bith Shuffle -- recycleable 5 and stops tracking

Punch It -- two destinies more destinies for lando

Hyper Escape -- can be used to abuse DTF, and it saves your ass occasionally, plus its a 5

Echo DB x3 -- more on that later....its tight

Kiffex -- nice twix system

Falcon -- i like it better than GS1

Home One -- its a beast

Red Leader in Red 1 -- cancels a destiny when with wedge

R2 in Red 5 -- nice destiny, and luke likes it

Liberty -- goes to used pile.....forfiet fodder

Ketwol -- transfer for free, more on him later

Madine -- pulls scouts for fast EBO

Cracken -- makes them lose force for deploying scouts or spys to hoth

EPPs -- obvious, for beatdowns, and superfalcons

Figrin D’an -- more retrieval

Wedge -- cancels destinies

Nien -- adds a destiny with lando

Ackbar -- cause hes cool and makes home one happy

FO Thaneespi -- makes  home one into a ZiMH

Commander Evram Lajaie -- reacts are fun

Major Haash’n -- cancels lateral damage and enhanced hyperspeed and armor


Now for that little bit on Ketwol and his amazing bag of tricks

Heres how it works. Lets say you’re part way through the game, you have ketwol down, and you have one or two echo DBs in your hand, which were easily gotten using ANSB. they drain for a few, and you lose the cards that are crap (for the game being), or not easily recyclable. Then lose a card from your reserve deck. Oh No That was and EPP Leia, or Capt Han, or some other crucial card. Hmm, lets read Ketwols game text, he lets us replace the echo DB with that card. why hell, they just HELPED you by getting a good card into your hand.....hahaha. next turn, use reflection and figrin dan next turn to retrieve two force, and one of them will be the DB. its an endless cycle. pretty sweet, eh?


Now for the matchups

BHBM -- unless they have an usually large space fleet, they are going down. the added destinies, and the nice drains just finish em off real nice. and they have no chance of winning 5 battles with jedi luke down, or even just 4 with epp luke. this deck was designed to beat BHBM, and does a nice job of it.

HD -- same deal as BHBM, but drain faster, and use the transmission terminated repeatedly (retrieve it with figrin, reflection or draw their fire)

Court -- again, space is the key. this is a character heavy deck, so dont bother going to tatooine, just drain em like mad. a beatdown or two might help.

MKOS -- try an ice storm in there to kill pesky non-uniques trying to invade. same a court, small space force, but they can cancel drains, so use strikeforce to stop that little incovience.

any other random deck -- just drain. use strike force to keep those drains around. haven helps hold hoth, and thats key. just play it with your head.

why dont i use the normal EBO start?
cause im not normal, and i dont like it that much. plus i get added options early in the game, and the little advantage of a slight confusion amoung novice players. haha



if you have ANY questions, D-mail me, ill be more than happy to help you. please D-mail BEFORE you rate ;-)

NOW FOR THE TITLE

ok, this is a funny little story about my town, and how scummy and redneck it is (and why there are no tourneys here.....doh)

Well, it was around the 4th of July, and the town had this heaping pile of old wood, for the annual bon fire. Right when they were going to light it, the fire chief had to put it on hold, the whole town growing restless. There was a call from an anonymous person, and they made a bomb threat. They said there was a bomb under the wood (and there could be, since the wood was left out over night for several nights). So they evacuated, and carefully took the wood apart. after all that, guess what they found? i bet you can......a nice big stick with a pile of cow @#$% on it........pretty lame eh? i guess that is what passes for a bomb these days..... and for the reason we have no tourneys... its a little hick town and there are no card stores in miles. sucks, eh?



thanks for your help

--Loaf

plz leave some constructive critism
'