---
layout: post
author: Justin "futbolb13" Brinkerhoff
title: 'You Have Learned Well'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-27
description: ! 'Training decks take guts to play, but play this one smart, and can you tell me what can actually beat it?'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations(7)
Dagobah
D Yoda’s Hut
D Training Area
D Swamp
D Jungle
CC Lower Corridor
Corulag

Characters(10)
Yoda
DoS
EPP Luke X2
EPP Obi X2
EPP Han
Captain Han
ECC Chewie
Figrin D’an

Ships(4)
Millenium Falcon
Artoo in Red 5 X2
Gold Leader in Gold 1

Devices/Weapons(5)
Luke’s Backpack
Electrobinoculars
Intruder Missile
Landing Claw
Anakins Lightsaber

Interupts(17)
Heading For The Medical Frigate (s)
It Could Be Worse X5
On The Edge X3
The Bith Shuffle
The Signal
Sense
Alter
Transmision Terminated
Endor Celebration
Houjix X2

Effects(9)
Wise Advice (s)
Battle Plan (normal s)
The Way Of Things (s)
Honor Of A Jedi
Yoda’s Hope
Reflection
Projection of A Skywalker X2
Traffic Control
Anger Fear Aggression
Bacta Tank

Jedi Tests(6)
Jedi Tests 1-6

Objective
MWYHL/SYIC '

Strategy: '

ok, strategy update- against grabbers  some may think that 5 ICBW is a lot, but it is very important to slow the game down until DoS is trained.  if they have a grabber, hopefully this will be the card that they grab.  it is bait so they dont get OTE.  if you have unlimited retrieval, it is no big deal to USE 5 cards to a grabber.  also, it has won three tournaments, so of course it has the ability to place in a local tournament

Just as a note, this deck has gone 6-0 in tournament play. (Houston area).  it plays niiice

And here we go...
This is a relatively standard training deck that should get Daughter trained by turn 7 and has a way to get around just about every way to try and stop a training deck.

So first, get DoS out and train as fast as possible to get ready to do what needs to be done. Until then, the two projections and the ICBWs should take care of drains, and there arent many decks that can do a lot of direct damage in so few turns.	Honor, (although i personally believe it is not the super-card that most people make it out to be) will also be a help when you go get it out.

Now you have her trained, and have preferably one of the two artoo in R5 stacked on test five to use the optional 0/7 destiny.	You may have a decent sized lost pile now, but flip retrieve 10 and then use OTE/reflection combo to retrieve six and then the edge as many times as you can for the rest of the game.	with plenty of force back now, you can go and do whatever you want basically without worry.  Many times i will leave DoS on dagobah and just go fight with the rest of the mains where i want.	If not, the bacta tank is always there to save her in case.

Ok now a little card explanation and combos may help...

CCLC/Corulag you have the two battlegrounds to take care of CHYBC, plus both are good locations.  Power bonus for the site, DS drain reducer for the system, plus you can make it to Dagobah (or Raaltir etc) but a lot of his ships wont be able to.

Houjix also to take care of CHYBC if need be.	send in someone to die, but be able to retrieve.  also just a great card in case something unexpected happens.

Figrin Dan another way to retrieve.  plop him on G1 with a landing claw maybe?  niiiice.

R2 in R5 awesome ship, awesome destiny, enough said.

It Could Be Worse X5 awesome card.  after test 1, no worries to cancel force drains.  be a little careful here.

Bith Shuffle  I LOVE THIS CARD.  while you are busy training and setting up, so is he.  he thinks he has everything stacked soooo nice for that big battle?  I dont think so  i cant express how important this card is with all the tracking that goes on these days.

Tansmission Terminated/Endor Celebration the ways to get rid of some key direct damage cards.	fun against a HD deck, let him finally take care of Honor and then pop him with TT.  EC is also a recyclable 5.

A,F,A just a nice damage of 4.

So there are your cards, now how to deal with his...

First, CHYBC,SSPFT,SP.	these cards can hurt you, but it is highly unlikely that you will see all three at the same time.  just time it right and play it smart, you can get around these cards.  This deck can retrieve more than 25 cards even with SSPFT, and that should be plenty.

BHBM I really see not much of a problem here.	you have 2 lukes to feed him, and once you have your 7/0 set up, you can even choose whether or not to win the duel or not.  There should be no chance of losing luke to the dark side because he will need to win at least 3 battles, and if he does that against this deck, you deserve to lose.

HD you should be fine here.  honor and TT should take care of things until you are ready to go duel, which you should never lose with a 7.  bith shuffle him if you need to also, and remember to subtract one from his destinies.

RalOps honor, 2 projections, test 1, and you can go take him out whenever you are ready.  remember to use corulag as your staging area if need be p

Anything else	like i said before, just play it smart, and you should be fine.  Nothing should be able to stand up to its battling abilities, and retrieving is killer.  Dont lose your cool if you get behind early, this deck comes screaming right back.  Any serious comments appreciated.    '