---
author: Steve "Crazy Hermit" Kuperman
title: 'The End Of The Games'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-20
description: 'A deck built off of the new Dark Side Death Star II objective, with some major twists.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective(1):
Bring Him Before Me/ Take Your Father's Place

Locations(9):
Cloud City: Casino x3
Cloud City: Downtown Plaza
Cloud City: Landing Platform
Coruscant
Coruscant: Docking Bay
Death Star II: Docking Bay
Death Star II: Throne Room

Characters(15):
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Darth Vader With Lightsaber x2
Emperor Palpatine
IG-88 With Riot Gun x2
Lando Calrissian x4
Lobot
Lord Vader x2
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand x2

Weapons(4):
Mara Jade's Lightsaber x2
Vader's Lightsaber x2

Starships(2):
Chimera
Executor

Interrupts(19):
A Real Hero x2
Cloud City Sabacc x8
Force Lightning
Ghhhk
Omini Box
Prepared Defenses
Rise, My Friend x2
Twi'lek Advisor
Unexpected Interruption x2

Effects(10):
Battle Order
Emperor's Power
Imperial Arrest Order
Insignificant Rebellion
Oppressive Enforcement
Presence Of The Force
Reactor Terminal
There Is No Try
You Cannot Hide Forever
Your Destiny

Strategy: 

Update:
A response to reviews:
-Of course grabbers hurt Sabbac, but count it. Sabbac can still hit up to 8 times, meaning 24 Force retreival (unless I steal something) and up to 8 damage for the opponent. Plus, EBO is real popular right now, and they are very rarely in a position to grab my Sabbac early on when it can make a difference, if they even have a grabber at all. Grabbers were something I took note of while building this, realize.
-SAC is not a problem for this deck. While it is true that you cannot be certain whether or not they're playing SAC, it's often easier to figure out than it looks. If they're playing Profit, you start TINT, Oppressive, and IAO. Hosed. If they start ANSB on MPG, then it's a pretty safe bet that they're not playing SAC, although starting with Oppressive is still a good idea (in case it's ANSB mains). Might end up adding a grabber to help justify an Oppressive start.
End update.


This is a cool little deck that I've been working on since the actual game text of the objective was revealed. It relies on a couple of basic keys: Direct damage, and strong battle power. Emperor's Power can provide extra battle destiny, at a cost that can become dangerous to abuse. Of course, it's a minor drawback for such a power, as long as you have the deck reserves to draw upon.

Enter Sabbac. With it's easy retrieval, Emperor's Power can be used virtually all the time without problems. Often, a problem with Sabbac (look, I forget how to spell it, I'll go and fix it later) is that the destiny can also be a bit low. While destiny 3's aren't bad, they don't work so well against that Premiere Obi dropped down. With Emperor's Power, that 3 turns into a 6, enough to kill most of your problems. A few notes:

1) Why only 2 starships? That's all you need. Against a deck that will require you to use more space (EBO or Hidden Base), your Sabbac cards will steal some starfighters for you to use, as your direct damage kills them.

2) You always want to start IAO with Prepared Defenses, base the others on the opponent's start. If it looks like they're playing SAC, start There Is No Try and Oppressive Enforcement, it will hose them.

3) Be careful with your characters. This deck doesn't have a huge number, so you'll just have to work with it.

4) Why no Tarkin? Cause Vader's probably gonna be hunting Luke down, and sending Vader back to the Throne Room leaves Tarkin without much purpose. There are better things that can hold their ground much better on their own.


Strategy against specific decks:

Operatives: This would be funny. They have to deploy a lot to flip, and my direct damage will whittle away at them while preventing catastrophic Force loss. If they're still playing the Yops deck, I say bring those Y-Wings over here! Not a big deal, just use Battle Order as one of your starts.

EBO: Always a toughie, but not a bad matchup here. Sabbac will take some of their ships, and they'll stalemate on their drains with your Sabbacs. They'll send a ground force down, more than likely. Kill them, and pick up Luke if you can. Drag him to the Emperor and start dueling him. Not really that bad, and screw Decree, you'd never hold it if you could establish it in this deck.

Mains: The fact that Vader can nullify Luke is a HUGE boost to Sabbac. Pick him up when you can, and just set up on the ground, let your opponent come to you. Proceed at your discretion, but keep in mind that if you gain some early success in battles, you can easily win the game by taking Luke to meet his new master.

Profit: I might be stupid for saying this, but start Jade at the Chamber. Set up the Emperor with the Power at the Throne Room right away, and throw Vader down ASAP. A tough match due to the immense damage potential of Profit, but keep them busy long enough and you'll take them. Maintaining Sabbac is VERY important to your success here.


Odds: Start You Cannot Hide Forever. No further comment.

This objective is outstanding for the simple fact that it can nullify the Light Side's most formidable force (just kill frickin Ben Kenobi, I'm talking about Luke), and turn it against the opponent. You don't necessarily need to go get Luke, just pick him up when you feel it's necessary. If you got any questions, feel free to leave me a message or leave it in your review. Thanks for looking.
