---
layout: post
author: Chris "G.M.A Rimmer" Daroza
title: '(MWYHL) Boyz In The Hood...Muppet Style'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-02-18
description: 'MWYHL test all the way to 5 while making opponent lose force from Anger, Fear, Aggresion, Visored Vision, Stone PileSlow him down his drains with Battle Plan, Goo Nee Tay, It Could Be Worse, Thank The Maker. Flip Objective.Cause pain with Surprise Ass'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (4)
MWYHL/SYIC
Dagobah
The Signal
Battle Plan

The 'Hood' (6)
Dagobah: 'Garage' (Bog Clearing)
Dagobah: Jungle
Dagobah: Swamp
Dagobah: Gangland (Training Area)
Dagobah: Yoda's 'Crib'
Tatooine: Funked Up Bar (Cantina)

Homies (9)
Pimp Bot 5000 x2(ASP-707)
Chewie w/ Deuce-Deuce
Yoda's Ho (DOS)
E-Z-E w/ Glock (Epp Han)
Lando w/ Colt .45
Vanilla Ice w/ Louisville Slugger (Epp Luke)
Pac-Man w/Night Stick (EPP Obi-Wan)
Da Green Pimp (Yoda)

Blue (2)
Blood Leader In Blood 1 (RLIR1)
Cripe Leader in Cripe 1 (GLIG1)

Red (20)
It Could Be Worse x3
On The Edge x2
Drive By x2 (Surprise Assault)
Thank The Maker x2
The Signal
Transmission Terminated
Tunnel Vision x5
Visored Vision x3
Yoda Stew x2

Effects (9)
Anger, Fear, Aggression x3
At Peace
Draw Their Fire
Encampment
Goo Nee Tay
Stone Pile x2

Green (5)
Bionic Hand x3
Electrobinoculars
Ho Leash (Landing Claw)

Gang Trials (5)
A Jedi's Strength
Domain of Evil
Great Warrior
It Is The Future You See
Size Matters Not








Strategy: 

I just realized the mistake with bionic hand, and replaced them with 2 callers and one portable scanner. Scanner..to search for another device, lose it to reseerve, then put down a caller for a later destiny.

Pretty simple. Slap The 'Hood' down with Da Green Pimp and his Ho. Start Training Her. Throw down Encampment with Pimp Bot 5000.
Use Tunnel Vision If you can't get what you need out. When you get to test 4 and 5 the harder ones deploy a Bionic Hand to the ASP droid then put on reserve for training destiny. If they restrinaing Bolt you(this shouldnt happen often or at all though) deploy Cripe Leadr In Cripe 1 (GLIG1) at the bog clearing, move over Pimp Bot to swamp, fly ship up to Dagobah system, then back down to swamp, move Pimp Bot in ship, He'll sink to your used pile at the end of your turn. If you have Test 4 off...search for him and redeploy. You should never have to do this cuz I have 2 ASP Droids in here if one gets bolted.
While training Use Anger, Fear, Agression to hurt him, and Visored Vision used text alot..or Used First, then Lost if he has a ton of those interrupts (this card can hurt any deck for alot during the whole game). Battle Plan slows his drains and make him use force if hes not satisfying the text (also good for Visored vision). Use it could be worse to stop drains (use yoda stew to get extra force you need and cycle cards for destiny draws). After test 1 is off, even if he uses It's Worse, he can only cancel your card, not pump the drain cuz that counts as a force drain modifier..muhHAHAHA. If he still draining for more than 5 use
Thank The Maker and Retrieve. Also get Electrobinoculars Out quick to manipulate some destinies. Use Stone Piles to get some of his cards. Claw with Blood Leader if you need to. After flipping objective retrieve 10..then very easily retrieve with On the Edge and Thank the Maker (6or7 guareenteed). make sure to put a Bionic hand on top of your reserve deck before test 5 is drawn though. Now surprise assault and beatdown..use just need a couple...to hit and kill anything their.
You'll be subracting 1 from ALL their destinies and an extra 2 fro attrition. 5 Tunnel Visions should ensure you get your key cards out fast. Only need one tranmission terminated because I can retrieve it later and reuse it if he redploys Visage. Also Cantina in if you get alot of mains in hand, deploy and drain.

PLEASE look through this deck carefully, it has a bit of tech . And remember after test 4, you can keep getting cards out like it could be Worse, etc..to reuse. or whatever you need.

Against HDADTJ: Cancel Visage..Use Above Tech.

Against ISB: Same thing, he can't hurt you much because you ain't draining.

Against TDIGWATT: Test 1 should kill his drains...and above strategy..simple.

Against COTVG: Test 1...his draining should be almost nothing, use ICBW when needed

Against Endor Ops: Same Thing..cept make sure to get claw out fro space drains.

Did I forget anything?If so I'll update the strategy.	  