---
layout: post
author: Scott "Darson" Carver
title: 'Set your course for hell...'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-06-22
description: 'This deck uses the New DS objective to give it a huge force boost in the beginning, as well as a nice haven for your characters to cling to.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Objective: 1
Set your course for Alderaan/Ultimate Power in the universe

Locations: 9
Alderaan
Cloud City: East Platform
Coruscant: Docking Bay
Death Star
Death Star: Docking Bay
Death Star: Docking Control Room 327
Executor: Docking Bay
Hoth: Echo Docking Bay
Yavin: Docking Bay

Characters: 15
Darth Vader, DLOTS x3
Darth Vader w/lightsaber
Dengar w/Blaster
Djas Puhr
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
IG-88 w/Riot Gun
M'yoom Onith x2
Mara Jade x3
Zuckuss

Starships: 5
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Dreadnaught x2
Executor

Interrupts: 18
Evader
Imperial Barrier
Masterful Move x2
Monnok
Omni Box x2
Shocking Revelation x2
Shut him up or shut him down
Sniper
Stunning Leader
Torture
Twi'lek Advisor x3
You are beaten x2

Effects: 9
Crush the Rebellion
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Lateral Damage
Oppressive Enforcement
Resistance
Search and Destroy
There'll be hell to pay x2

Weapons: 3
Vader's lightsaber x2
Mara Jade's Lightsaber







Strategy: 

I'll admit, I took a lot of the components off of various other decks on here but this is my first attempt to build a SYCFA deck so rate me accordingly please.

To start you pull the docking control room your first turn, toss someone down and pull all your docking bays the first turn. I want to add the DS: war room in here, but I just can't quite decide what to take out so I'll fix that in version 2.0 of this deck. Anyhow, once you've got all your docking bays out your ready to deliver some punishment.

against M&T: Use M'yoom Onith all to hell. If they shock you just grab it and throw out another M'yoom and continue to get rid of their mains from their hand. Use you are beaten the same way you'd use Clash. If they come to the Death Star to fight...great. toss down crush the rebellion and use the no battle damage bonus to your advantage. Stunning leader can help if you get caught offgaurd and use Iggy to snag a main and run.

Against EBO: Drop all your docking bays at the start and get resistance out. EBO decks rely on speed to win them the game so by reducing their drains you'll give yourself the time you need to shut them down with imperial decree. deploy search and destroy and thats pretty much game.

against Harvestrom: do the typical start and from there you have a huge number of options. sometimes you might just want to spread out and drain, then snag their harvest and then snag Obiwan with Iggy with a well traced Masterful Move. Send Vader and company over to pick up what's left and then just drain the hell out of them. M'yoom Onith will help ensure their mains won't be coming around again.

General Tips: This deck is very adaptable to almost any situation if you know how to use it. There's lots of tech, and the destiny in here is usually really good.I'm still working on improving it but right now I'm confident with it. Enough to set aside my Ralops deck I love so very much. :)

