---
layout: post
author: Mike "Iceman" Fitzgerald
title: 'I Want My E-P-P ( Han -- Profit deck )'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-02-04
description: 'This deck slows the game down and usesthe direct damage from the LS EJP Objective to damage the opponent.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Start : ( 8 )
Profit/Destroyed
T:JP
JP:AC
EPP Han
Don't Tread on Me
Ultimatum
Do or Do Not
Scrambled Transmission

Additional Locations : ( 6 )
Rendezvous Point
Yoda's Hut
Mos Eisley x2
Cantina x2

Characters : ( 19 )
Ben Kenobi x2
ECC Chewie
Chewbacca
EPP Han ( For rainy days )
EPP Leia x2
Boushh
Masta Luke x2
Orrimarko
Jeroen Webb
Tawss Khaa
Harc Seff
Momaw Nadon
Yoxgit
Wedge Antilles
Artoo x2

Blue : ( 3 )
RLiR1
GLiG1
Lando in Falcon

Green : ( 4 )
Landing Claw x2
Anakin's Lightsaber
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber

Effects : ( 7 )
Traffic Control
WYTTPOUs? ( Push ) x2
A Gift
Order to Engage
Wise Advice
Battle Plan

Interrupts : ( 13 )
Courage of a Skywalker x2
Swing-and-a-Miss
Nabrun
Someone Who Loves ME x3
Weapon Levitation
Gift of the Mentor
Quite A Mercenary
Shocking Information
The Signal x2



Strategy: 

Special notice : Maybe you guys are wondering
why I'm not using Rebel Barriers...it is a good card
but I've seen enough Blast Door Controls to last me
a lifetime so I'm holding off on those for now.


Well I've waited to see other DT Members' versions
of this new EJP Objective and I thought a bunch
of them would look like this but they haven't so
I posted this one.

General : Free Han , use Battle Plan to slow the
game down , and direct damage them to death. Han stays alive with Ben or Someone Who Loves You ( that recycling function is nasty ). If they have Aliens in the Audience Chamber you can drop Masta Luke with Ben and Yoxgit and GotMentor for lots of quick damage or Spring Han with a fleet of EPPs and hit them up for double digit damage off the bat.

Specs :

HDADTJ - Duel protection and spies...busting Han
gives you some force back. Ben Kenobi can be
annoying and SWLovesU keeps the 2 Hans moving around.

Ralltiir Ops - This was a weird experience playing against. This deck was able to balance between then pretty nicely and the retrieval is pretty cool. Basically hold them off from flipping and try to free han ( it can get weird if they have like Guys on Ralltiir and a stronghold of Mara Jade and Evazan at AC but I've been able to crack it ).

ISB Ops - For some reason ISB sucks versus this objective. Most ISBs can't battle very well and the direct damage kills them.

EJP Obj - Just go after them and hopefully A Gift will give you the edge.

Anything else - It seems to have a shot versus everything... for the Rogue Manip there is Scrambled Transmission with a Shock and 2 Pushes.

Certain Combos or card choices :
Weapon Levitation - Cancels You Are Beaten which is huge and is pretty much enough purpose to put it in the deck.

Lando in Falcon and Claw - You 'detach' and besides fulfilling Battle Plan/Order they lose another force because Lando is at a Battleground.

Cantina Shuffle - Old school :) I was asking myself what is the easiest way to be at a lot of battlegrounds AND be safe...Shuffle during control phase , Destroy Obj for 2 Direct damage , and then drain.

Different Versions of Chewie and Leia - For Monnok-sake.

Why not Power < 4 Han ? Well This deck can battle pretty nasty and until it starts getting beaten bad I won't switch in the Bo Shuda and Jedi Pack Han ( Order to Engage is already in ).

Sorry if you feel the strategy is a bit short but this deck should be able to play the same way just about all the time and be all right.
Mike   