---
layout: post
author: Geoff "Loaf" Gallo-Cornell
title: 'Space Draining Manipulator v2.0'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-20
description: 'this is the second version of my 4.5 star rated deck....check it out'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting(4)
SYCFA
Prep'd Defenses
You Cannot Hide Forever
Mob Points

Locations(10)
Fondor
Death Star
Ord Mantell
Hoth
Tatooine
Coruscant:DB
Executor:DB
DS:DB
DS:DB Control Room
Tatooine:DB


Interrupts and Effects(19)
Boring Convo Anyways
A Bright Center To The Universe
Scanning Crew x3 (It Isnt Dead!)
Alter x4
Sense x3
Search And Destroy
Monnok
AAA
Lone Pilot
Point Man
Reactor Term
CHYBC

Weapons(2)
Vader's Saber
Mara's Saber

Ships(9)
Executor
Judicator
Chimaera
Visage
Thunderflare
Stalker
Devastator
ZiMH
Fett In Slave I

Characters(16)
Djas Puhr
Janus Greejatus
Barquin D'an
M'iiyoom Onith x4
Lord Vader x2
Darth Vader
Mara Jade
Merrejk
Chiraneau
Sim Aloo
Grand Moff Tarkin



Strategy: 

**Note, i forgot to type in alderaan, i accidentily put in ord mantell, just swap it with alderaan, thanks**
edit Ok, the idea of this deck was taken from dawi's deck, so props to him. but i completely revised it. just about the only things that stayed were the senses, alters and m'iiyooms, so dont hose it! now onto the strat

Basically, use mob points to get some good activation when you use the DS:Docking Control Room to get the DBs. try and get merrejk and chiraneau out asap. use merrejk to draw the systems, and chiraneau to drain like mad. that is why i have so many SDs, so i can be sure to draw them.

SCANNING CREW IS NOT DEAD. "insight will kill you! blah blah blah" well, everytime i played, people ditch insight for honor of the jedi, and if they ditch it, screws are very much alive. and even if they dont, the SCrews arent that key to the deck, so relax

use m'iiyoom to kill there mains and unique characters from hand. use the screws to keep the female rebs out of their hand. use AAA and search and destroy to make them lose force since they wont be able to deploy with no one in their hand because of m'iilyoom and screws (stick m'iiyoom on the DS, since you dont take any battle damage on there, and with 4 of her in the deck, what does it matter if you lose her?!) i know that they can still D ships to combat AAA, but my SDs should rock them good.

keep control of the systems and just drain. it works fine. jedi test #1 hurts, and so does menace fades, but they can be overcome, espically menace fades. if they do train and get test one complete, just drain without the adders, it will still hurt them.

just sense and alter everything.all the vaders and mara should allow you to draw one of them early on, so get them down asap.

use boring convo and point man to cancel those cards that hurt so much.

please dont give me a half star and tell me this deck sucks. give it a decent rating, and some input on what it needs (what cards to pull, what to throw in, etc etc) saying it sucks doesnt help me, you or anyone. so just help my out, and give me some pointers. i know that many of you said to pull out the characters, please tell me which to pull. i cant read your mind, you have to tell me what sucks, and what to replace it with. thanks...

