---
layout: post
author: Alfred "ThaBraHmaBuL" Dong
title: 'Battle Order'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-31
description: ! 'A deck using Battle Order to dominate your opponent and get the upper hand.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start(3)

Death Star
Battle Order
Twilek Advisor

Locations(6)

Endor
Kashyyyk
Endor Back Door
Endor Forest Clearing
Endor Dark Forest
CC Downtown Plaza

Characters(17)

Darth Vader x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x2
Drath Vader w/ Lightsaber
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Admiral Ozzel
Commander Igar
Officer Evax
Captain Needa
Admiral Motti
Mara Jade, The Emporers Hand
Djas Phur
4-LOM w/ Concussion Rifle
IG-88 w/ Riot Gun

Weapons (3)

Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber x2

Starships/Vehicles(8)

Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Avenger
Devastator
Executor
Dreadnaught
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Bossk in Hound's Tooth

Interrupts(20)

Sense x5
Alter x4
You Are Beaten x2
Elis Helrot x2
The Circle is Now Complete
Weapon Leviation
Masterful Move x2
Monnok x2
I'd Just As Soon Kiss A Wookiee

Effects

Come Here, You Big Coward
Security Precautions
First Strike
Resistance
'

Strategy: '

The basics of this deck are there, control both battlegrounds you need to control the game. The spread mechanics are there, along with the heavy packages of SAC, you should do fine.

vs. Profit Start Mara and Djas and drop Vader and Tarkin there first chance you get. Save your Senses for thier destiny adders and the Someone Who Loves You and you should be fine. Getting CHYBC out stops retrieval most of the time too.

vs. Hidden Base Obviously, start BATTLE ORDER. Dont start Security, if you draw it then play it, but dont start it. Using Battle Order youre forcing them to commit to the ground w/ Vader, Tarkin, and the Walkers, w/ usually only a few EPPs. Do NOT deploy your ships until after theyve flipped, so you can get a few quick probes. Spread and drain on the ground.

vs. Ops You can spread like them.....Mara and Vader are one man wrecking crews, Vader's tougher w/ Tarkin too. Drop your Walkers and stuff and just battle. Dont spread too thin or the speeders might kill you(this deck HAD a Ghhhk instead of a Monnok so change it if you feel it's necassary). Battle Order should wear them down after a long while.

vs. Mains Battle Order kills them. Youll have more ships than them on the most part, and if they spread too thinly, Zuckuss will finish them off. You have enough dudes to overpower them most of the time, but if you see Ben and Luke together its better to just let them have the site and spread out elsewhere. Use Elis's and your SAC wisely, and pick your battles.Tracking the 6's and using First Strike/Weapon Lev/Circle to kill Ben is devastating to them.

vs. MWYHL Again, spread....they do X-wings, fine....you may want to just let them have Kessel or wherever they have a crapload of ships. Spread on you own terms. Draw your battleground sites, and spread wisely. If the X-wing force is small, smash them w/ Destroyers and Zuckuss.

vs. anything else Use Battle Orders to your advantage. Uncontrollables get canceled by the You Are Beatens, which has alot of other obvious advantages. Everything else is pretty much ol skool so figure it out.

Any comments and suggestions would be nice, but try to see if the problem you see with the deck really CANT be solved first.

The Brahma Bull





'