---
layout: post
author: Peter "jeeps" Jacobson
title: 'Mighty Manipulation Power Deck'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-03-02
description: 'This deck relies on heavy device manipulation to battle and retrieve force.  Fun to play and tournament ready.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Locations (8)
Tat: Obi's Hut (SL)
Tat: Cantina
Tat: Mos Eisley
Tat: Jabba's Palace
Tat: Lars Moisture Farm
JP: Audience Chamber
Rendevous Point
Tibrin

Character (16)

Obi-Wan
Ben Kenobi x 2
Artoo x2
Master Luke
Luke with Saber
Chewie with Blaster
Han with Blaster x 2
Orimaarko
Yoxgit
ASP-707 x 2
Boushh
Jeroen Webb

Starships (5)
Tantive IV
Spiral
GL in G1
RL in R1
Lando in Falcon

Weapons (3)
Obi's Lightsaber
Anakin's Lightsaber
Leia's Blaster Rifle

Devices (6)
Portable Scanner x 2
Hidden Compartment
Arc Welder
Electrobinoculars
Landing Claw

Interupts (13)

Alter
Transmission Terminated
Careful Planning
The Signal x 2
Lost in the Wilderness
Don't Forget the Droids
Shocking Information
Sorry About the Mess
Tunnel Vision
On the Edge x 2
Glancing Blow

Effects (9)
Insurrection
What Are You Tryin' To Push On Us?
Traffic Control
Wise Advice
Mantellian Savrip
A Gift
Tatooine Celebration
Goo Nee Tay
Hero of a Thousand Devices 

Strategy: 

QUICK EDIT:  Whoops!  I forgot that I revised this deck using the ol' "Cut and Paste" method... so I failed to see that I left Tat Celebration in here.  Take that out and exchange it for and Order to Engage.  Also, exchange one On the Edge for a Run, Luke Run....  sorry!

This deck has been majorly modified from my original 'Might Morphin' Power Deck.'  This deck has a lot of 'tech' (overused word... but I think I am using fairly here) and also contains many early, mid, and late game surprises to make you opponent sweat.  Let me tell you about a few of it's mechanics:

First, the devices.  I can easily manipulate using any weapon or device on a character with the ASP droid.  I love these buggers.  They may not look like much but the got it where it counts!	Having two at a site with a device laiden Artoo can ensure a 'happy' battle.	By returning your high destiny devices to the top of your reserve deck, you can really scare your opponent from battling you OR allow you set up your destinies for a nasty battle.

Portable Scanner, Tunnel Vision, Yoxit and Hero of a Thousand Devices allows you to get out what you need to do this.  Talk about redundancy.  There's so many fail-safes here that you can basically set your deck up to succeed by turn 4 (on average).

Late game tech:  Yoxit, Tibrin, Device Manipulation and On the Edge.  Talk about a nice loop. See, I use the Portable Scanner to get my devices to my hand, then ditch them to my lost pile for any one card using Tibrin text, then retrieve them with Yoxit or with On the Edge.  I return a device to the top of my reserve deck using the ASP.  I can keep doing this for as many multiples of three I have in my hand-(ex. nine cards, three force retrieval attempts).  Generally, I might only have 7 cards so I replace one of my two portable scanners, play On the Edge, retrieve 5, ditch three cards from my hand for any one card (On the Edge).  I used my Binocs to look for another high destiny on my reserve deck, retrieve a few more.

Easy counters to this deck (that I rarely see):
Omni Box:  This will shuffle any pile.	Not good when it's done after I 'prop' my deck up.
Hell 2 Pay:  Snagging force retrieval cards is pretty common.  I actually had a guy call me 'cheap' once for playing the Harvest Engine.  I am sorry, but if you're not playing with at least one 'grabber' card, you're setting yourself up for failure.
Hunt Down traditionally gives me a problem (don't most LS decks have this though?).  Trans Term and Spies help here.  Glancing Blow, Run, Luke Run and Ben to protect against dueling.
Numbers decks also can be tough, but Don't Forget the Droids, Artoo, and ASP might help cushion the damage.

This is a long and detailed explanation.  Review at will and Thank you.  