---
layout: post
author: Keith "Gen" Watabayashi
title: 'What could be Matt's QMC deck'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-05-25
description: 'Inspired by Matt Lush's Tatooine deck, this decktakes advantage of the objective to set up massgeneration and celebration.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting:(5)
Quiet Mining Colony
Bespin
Cloud City:Leia's Guest Quarters
The Signal
**Totally depends on opponent**

Locations:(5)
Cloud City:North Corridor
Cloud City:West Gallery
Cloud City:Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City:Core Tunnel
Bespin:Cloud City

Characters:(17)
Son of Skywalkerx3
EPP Leiax2
ECC Lando
Capt. Han Solox2
EPP Obi-Wanx2
Bothan Spyx2
Boshek
Melas
Bron Burs
Pucumir Thryss
Tawss Khaa

Starships:(5)
Falconx2
ECC Z-95x3

Interrupts:(20)
Sensex5
Alterx2
Path of Least Resistancex2
Run Luke, Run!x2
Punch it!
The Signal
Smoke Screen
Shocking Information
Endor Celebration
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes
First Aid
Solo Hanx2

Weapons:(1)
Anakin's Lightsaber

Effects:(8)
Goo Nee Tay
Ultimatum
Cloud City Celebrationx2
Mantellian Savrip
Scramble
Undercover
Insurrection



Strategy: 

This is a solid deck and just totally destroys tie swarm and Rallops.

AGAINST:

RALLOPS: Start Insurrection if they don't start IAO, otherwise, no effect. This matchup is all you. You should be able to flip early so
your opponent can't make your drains -1, or use Decree, or use ABTTU. All the sites are interior so they can't drop vehicles on you, and
savrip will help is space. Get Pucumir+Celebration and you will win every time.

HUNTDOWN: Start Goo Nee Tay so there is no first turn Vader. The last you should deploy is the North Corridor as it is the only place
they can drain for two. Draw for Bothans or Nar Shadda so you can cancel Visage, then flip. Don't deploy Obi-Wan to Vader as he has
no duel protection. Get SOS out and keep RLR handy to cancel duel, and to get Luke kickin ass in battle. (Path also helps)

COURT: Start Insurrection so they can't use capturing effectively. Get a Bothan down undercover to satisfy the Obj. (Or use Hit+Run Obi).
The last thing to deploy with your Obj. is the sector,as it is a drai for 2 that your opponent can deploy to. Get set up with the MegFalcon+
Savrip combo, then drop Scramble and clear the ground. Flip, Celebration, win.

THIS DEAL: Start Ultimatum just in case DD comes out. Drop the sector quickly so you can gain early control and a quick flip. Using Path, Sramble,
and Savrip, you should win easy as they will be fighting you on your turf.

ENDOR OPS: Tough one! Start Ultimatum for drains. Since you get hella force from opponent, flip quick. Get ultimatum running and once Celebration
and Pucimir come out, you should win the drain race.

ISB: Easy game. Start Ultimatum for drains again. Flip quick so no agent -1, no walker decree, and no Coruscant Bright Center. Pucumir+Celebration,
win. (Plus, with all interior sites, walker decks won't be doing much to stop you).

CCT: Start Goo Nee Tay. Give them EPP Obi as he is the least important rebel in the deck. Drop on them at the CC, free Obi, flip, Path, Savrip and
Scramble, you win.

That's it. QMC does look pretty crappy, but I have found it to be quite potent.
