---
author: Henry "Cab Driver" Krinkle
title: Mind Over Matter
side: Dark
date: 2000-12-10
description: MKOS manipulator. much like the old school jp manipulator, but with a few new techniques.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

start with(7)
mkos
jabbas palace
desert heart
prep defences
there is no try
you cannot hide forever
power of the hut

locations(7)
jabbas audience chamber
jabbas rancor pit
jabbas entrance cavern
jabbas lower passages
jabbas dungeon
jabbas droid workshop
carida

characters(18)
mighty jabba
ephant mon
bib
boelo
Gailid x2
Miiyoom onith x3
mosep
djas puhr
mara jade
4-lom with gun
ig-88 with gun
bane malar
dr e
niado duegad
cloud city enginere

interupts(16)
none shall pass x6
twi’lek advisor x3
sniper
imperial barrier
monnok x3
masterful move x2

effects(7)
expand the empire x2
search and destroy
ability ability ability
secret plans
lateral damage
resistance

weapons(1)
maras flashlight

starships(4)
zuckuss in ship
bossk in ship
fett in ship
dengar in ship



Strategy: 

*****pull out ychf for mob points which you start with, im a moron and took it out of the deck without thinking. and pull out a none shall pass for no bargain and start with that in place of there is no try.*****

well, all i have done with this so far is play test, some im not to sure how its going to do in the actual tourney scene, but so far it seems like a monster.

start off by pulling carida from your deck. then activate. drop carida. you need to get out expand the empire asap, so play a twilek to get it if you dont have it in your hand. once you get it, drop it out on jabbas palace, then go through and pull out all the jp sites.

after all of your sites are out you want to try and get out big masta ephant from keeping a spy invasion from occuring. then you want to get out miiyoom and gailid. once you have the twins of terror on the table your ready to rumble. use monnok to keep your opponents hand low and use miiyoom to take out any males. drain indoors with gailid and mossep set up so your opponent takes some nice damage, and a bit of it is off the reserve. the best part of the deck is this. if they drop a guy into jabbas you play none shall pass. now, the force they used to drop him stays used so they may not be able to get another guy out, thus they take the court damage. they also take damage from search and destroy, and if the person they tried to drop was a male, you pluck him out of their hand with miiyoom the next turn. while working, the only spot they can drop a guy is to the desert heart. which will help, but you can drop a beat on him then retreat to jabbas palace and be protected by none shall pass. ability x3 is great because if you continue to pluck out there characters they may not be able to satisfy it thus they lose 2 force.

if you play against ebo, start resistance instead of there is no try and set up like normal. get out s&d asap and keep their drains low with resistance. drop a battle here and there in space, and keep the males out of their hand. ive shut down a few ebo decks just by taking out all of the males from their hand which keeps em from setting ebo up soon. deadbolt was a @#$% to play against, so if you see a lot of decks like that you may want to add in some cards to kill frozen, alter or main course.

if your up against profit start with jabba and the enginere, do the whole conversion thing, and get out ephant mon. get out ete and pull sites,then just set up and none shall pass em like its going out of style.

against every other deck you do pretty much the same. try and lock em down. i dont see a lot of hb so i didnt add in a security percautions. if hb is popular in your area you should add it.
oh and by the way, you should probably use miiyoom as your rep, so when you flip you can cancel 2 drains or destinies with the extras of her. or show ephant mon to make em think your using chevins. well thats about all, let me know what ya think and how this deck can improve.	