---
layout: post
author: ! brad "swccguy" eier
title: ! "hb w/celebration+retrevial (sac version)"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-22
description: ! "this deck starts hidden base to pull dagobah + yodas hut, then pulls bespin and sets up cc celebration. it can win by draining or battling since you retrieve a lot."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (5)
Hidden Base/SWSTYF
Rendezvous Point
Bespin (HB Indicator)
The Signal
Battle Plan

Locations (8)
Dagobah
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Bespin
Cloud City Guest Quarters
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City Lower Corridor
Cloud City North Corridor
Cloud City West Gallery

Characters (17)
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber x 2
Luke With Lightsaber x 2
Leia With Blaster Rifle x 2
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Captain Han Solo
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Harc Seff
Pucmir Thryss
Wedge Antilles
Momaw Nadon
Jeron Webb

Starships (6)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Red Leader In Red 1
Millenium Falcon
Redemption
Spiral
Tantive IV

Interrupts (18)
Courage Of A Skywalker
Glancing Blow
Clash Of Sabers
The Signal x 2
Path Of Least Resistance x 2
Transmission Terminated x 2
Off The Edge x 2
Rebel Barrier x 2
Alter x 2
Sense x 3

Effects (6)
Mantellian Savrip
Bacta Tank
Traffic Control
Cloud City Celebration x 2
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?

'

Strategy: '

ok i've been working on this deck for a while and
i think this is the best version of it. you always start with singal for battle plan and use bespin as your hb.
most of the time you start slow, pull dagobah/yodas hut, then bespin.( i dont use mwyhl because its hard to do sac and yuo cant deploy bespin from reserve deck). i think its best to drop a few cc sites + celebration all in 1 turn before they can counter it.
card choices only 1 grabber cause thats all that you really need with the sac in this deck. you have to grapple endor occupation, sense their other interrupts. no TPTIFF because the only real use for that is vs TDIGWATT, which plays on cc where you can win by battling them.
you set up with some drain sites + pucimir alnog with celebration and then this deck is almost unstoppable.
you can avoid beatdown with rebel barriers. path of least resistance lets you spread thin if you're having trouble finding characters.
off the edge is good for 3-4 force retrevial. also you can play it right before you forfiet a character from battle, that way you dont care if you draw a one. also if they somehow get around rebel barriers and try to beatdown you can play off the edge to suicide your character.
secret plans doesnt hurt since you have small retrevials of like 3-5 usually.
dont fear crush the rebellion since you will only draw 1 or 2 destinys anyway.
use savrip vs everything its an awesome card.

matchups vs certain decks
ralltiir they may flip who cares, your drains will hurt him even if they are -1, plus ralltiir has no retrevial while you do, so they come to you, then you battle with epps + bacta tank. they wont have a lot of stuff to battle you with since they devote a lot of thier deck to control ralltiir. if they spread thin on ralltiir go beatdown there if you have enough force, but its best to stay on cc.

huntdown 2 trans terminated + 2 spies should get rid of visage quickly. be cautious vs dueling decks, get your courage and glancing in hand before you put luke or obi down. try to avoid thier beatdown crews if you can. also you can play path of least resistance to get leia in a battle even if hdadtj is flipped.

tie sfs they retrieve a lot, but play with few characters (usually like 2 vaders thats it) so put like 1-2 guys at each site. play capt han + epp leia + falcon along with something for forfiet, tie decks cant handle super falcon. use traffic control to stack like 3 5's for falcon.

court ok you lose mabey 1 or 2 a turn from there drains and obj but you retrieve it all. drain on cc, dont spread too thin but you should be able to set up on 3 or 4 cc sites without fear of beatdown. sense elis helrot of they try to beatdown w/ musicians. also you could play mega falcon and stuff in space if they have big drains there.

isb choke tough matchup. i'd say dont devote that much to draining or retrieving on ground and go all out in space. i havent played these isb choke decks yet but they can shut down any ground drains so i'd go to space and use mega falcon along with wedge+redemption+bacta tank along with your other mofos and ships.( if anyone has a better idea vs isb let me know)

numbers havent seen it in a long time, therefore no real defense. it may hurt if you lose a lot, but you can drain and retrieve so it will be a close game, just play smart and hope for the best.

cct/ops haven seen either of these manipulators in a while. if you run into one just use your few aliens and try to battle in space.

sabbac sense there sabbacs, kill lando (this wont be as easy as it sounds, but you still can).

this deal battle on cc. play your on the edges with a tracked 5 to get back a lot. this deal decks drain big, but dont pack that much power to battle.

endor ops i havent ever seen a flipping one, but vs rumors you just battle in space to stop thier drains. try to control endor if you can, if not its not that big of a deal though.

vs anything else play smart and be careful in the beginning.

basically you should stick to cc.  play smart. be patient and careful to start with.
'