---
layout: post
author: ! Mark "yodarth" Kloida
title: ! "Theyre Made In Milwaukee Next To The Beer Bottlers"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-20
description: ! 'Ominous Rumors deck that sets up a steady drain in space with Interceptors controlling space.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting Stuff (8)
Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost
Endor
Endor Bunker
Endor Landing Platform
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Points
There Is No Try
Secret Plans

Locations (4)
Kashyyyk
Kiffex
Sullust
Milwaukee (Wakeelmui)

Characters (8)
Lord Vader
EPP Vader x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Commander Merrjk
Colonel Dyer
Ephant Mon x2

Starships (17)
Dreadnaught x3
TIE Interceptor x12
The Emperor’s Shield
Executor

Weapons (3)
SFS Ls9.3 Laser Cannons x3

Effects (8)
Seinar Fleet Systems x2
Crossfire
Lateral Damage
Dreaded Imperial Starfleet
Battle Order
Security Precautions
Ominous Rumors

Interrupts (12)
Twi’lek Advisor x2
All Power To Weapons x5
I Can’t Shake Him x2
Short-Range Fighters
Relentless Pursuit
Imperial Barrier '

Strategy: '

Ok, first of all this deck doesn’t flip, it’s not even capable because I only run Ominous Rumors and no Establish Secret Base.

The starting stuff varies way too much, so hardly pay attention to the stuff in the list.  The thing that stays all the time is Mobilization Points.  Crossfire is for any decks you think would run S-Foils, since your Interceptors make it work.  Secret Plans is you’re thinking retrieval.  Battle Order is for Profit or any other decks that run on either only ground or only space.

The first thing you’ll do is fetch Wakeelmui with Mobilization Points.  Then activate, then pull Ominous Rumors during your control phase and deploy it for 2 right away.	Next you want to get control of the Bunker, just drop Ephant or if you don’t have him get anyone down.  Get a system out and you’re ready to drain for usually 4 at the system.  With Merrejk you should probably be able to get out another system that you can drain even more at.	Vader is probably your main choice to control the Landing Platform, and you’ll get +2 activation with Mob Points if you control it so that’s more draining and activation.  There’s 3 Vaders and a Tarkin, that should be plenty combined with the other guys to take the Landing Platform for a while in most cases.  EPPs are nice for a quick hit and then coming back with another.	Lord Vader’s immunity make’s him a good controller.  With your All Powers you can get your TIEs out, or just draw some up.  You always want an All Power in your hand in case you need it in a battle.  The Dreadnaughts are for moving the TIEs and to give them a bonus.  There’s no need for a lot of capital ships because you’ll find you have the option most of the time to either deploy like 4 Interceptors and All Power them and get like 20 power or an 8 power capital...easy choice.

Battling is no problem.  First you have all Powers which usually stay around with There Is No Try and with your drains and stuff Grabbers shouldn’t hurt too bad, they’ll either lose their grabbers or they won’t make a difference to begin with.  The SFS Cannons are great.	Use 3 Force and draw a destiny and you take out a lot of stuff, possibly even a Superfalcon.  Once the TIEs are out of your deck the destiny gets huge, usually 4s and 5s left.  I Can’t Shake Him will either get your SFS Cannons out or add a battle destiny for firing one, and its a used 5.	Relentless Pursuit is like an unexpected Lateral Damage...or if you hit a superfalcon make it lost right away.

Common LS deck match-ups
Profit
Start Battle Order.  You’ll probably have to pay 3 to drain yourself but if they have to pay 3 plus their expensive mains plus expensive starships they’ll need to ignore one of them.  Your Interceptors are cheap.	Get SFS retrieval going, kill what ever space they have.

Mind What You Have Learned
Most of your locations are drain for 2 to begin with because of icons so you should be able to drain them big enough even with Test #1 in effect.  Your battle power is huge, Secret Plans hurts their retrieval, Crossfire for the X-Wings.

Hidden Base
Security Precations should pop up, Twi’lek for it.  You should be able to bring a lot of TIE power against them.  Shooting ships is a major helper.  Your drains will be bigger.  Against a fake-out go in space and drain, secure the Bunker.  They’ll get the Landing Platform pretty easily but you should still be able to drain big.

There Is Good In Him
Toughest Match-up.  They control an Endor site with Luke so capture him ASAP.  Use your Vaders and hold them up a turn so Rumors can come out.	With Ephant at the Bunker Vader will be secure with Luke and you can drain in space.

This deck works well for me, and is very consistant.  I hope you have fun with it too. '