---
layout: post
author: ! Jamie "JEEBS" Giberti
title: ! 'Profit From The Sun v1.2'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-06-21
description: ! 'The third version of my retrieval, battling, and running away profit :o)'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting

Profit
Jabbas Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine Jabbas Palace
Han Solo
The Signal (5)

Locations

Alderaan
Tibrin
Tatooine
 Spaceport Docking Bay
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Judland Wastes
Tatooine Tosche Station
Tatooine Docking Bay 94 (8)

Weapons

Anakins Lightsabre
Obi-Wans Lightsabre (2)

Starships

2 x Millennium Falcon
Spiral
Tantive IV
Home One (5)

Characters

2 x Master Luke
Luke with Lightsabre
2 x Ben Kenobi
Han with heavy blaster pistol
Captain. Han Solo
Boushh
Lando Calrissian
Chewbacca
Artoo
Melas
Boshek
Wedge Antilles
Tawss Khaa
Orimaarko (16)

Interrupts

3 x It Could be Worse
Lost In The Wilderness
2 x Narrow Escape
2 x Nabrun Leids
Gift of the mentor
Someone who Loves you
Transmission Terminated
Courage of a Skywalker
Sorry about the Mess (13)

Effects

Mantellian Savrip
Bacta Tank
Goo Nee Tay
Traffic Control
Tatooine Celebration
Whatre they tryin to push on us
Do, or do not
Wise Advice
2 x Our Most Desperate Hour
A Gift	(11)










































'

Strategy: '

This is the third version of my flexible profit deck. it can battle, retrieve and/or be defensive.
It likes to interact, but can easily win by profit damage and force draining.
Narrow Escape is for keeping Han save, if you want to risk leaving him reletively unprotected.
SATM is for pesky undercover spies like U-3P0, while LITW is for characters like that lone vader draining outside (especially good vs HD, even better if the only characters are Vader and Mara). ICBW for nasty drains, but keep in mind you should get most of it back. There are 3 Han*s in the deck incase the opponent really starts getting aggressive on him and his back up. Keep Han with Ben for maximum safety.With the wide array of characters, you should be able to battle anything.
Commbo Home One + Savrip Goodbye 12 battle damage )

vs HD

Start Goo Nee Tay. Get Luke or Ben down asap. They will most likely reinforce the ac. try and take em out before they do, or use Leia and someone who loves you to free Han. Don*t spread out too thin, as they will try and beat on you. Narrow escape isn*t just for Han in this case, as running Luke and Ben from normal battles is a good idea. Courage is there for duel protection, along with ben Kenobi being the only version of Obi. Get Retrieval going, and you should win quite well. If HD is big in your meta, take out Artoo and A gift and put in Glancing Blow and Run Luke Run.

VS Set Your Course

Start Do, or do not
Definately the hardest challenge for this deck, although they wont be able to target Tatooine for awhile, blowing up alderaan ain*t good for this deck. I doubt they will leave aliens at the ac unless Set your course is a false start. Flip early, dont wait to pile up 10 lost force. Deploy onto the DS and go take out their gunners and leaders with mains cos profit damage will still work. Devide your forces, and U should do well. You need to get the jump on em.

VS Ops

Start Goo Nee Tay
You may wish to wait before freeing Han in these games. Try and get Artoo and a gift out to riun their force drain bonuses. Free Han when you want to, And you can either spread out, or Nabrun or use spaceport db to get to their planet to lay the smack down. Keep up the retrieval and you should win. Controlling the ops system aint a bad idea either.

VS Court

Start Wise Advice
There is no point in starting goo nee tay as the bh*s are immune to it. You will have to clear the ac, so be careful, and maybe battle at other locals first (try and draw em out), if they come to get you, you could nabrun to the chamber to free Han. Retrieval will help, although you will probably have to fight BH ships to gain control of space. The safest place for Han is probably on the Falcon, so keep him there.

Vs TDIGWATT

Start Goo Nee Tay
A gift and artoo will help greatly against these decks too. Free Han quick if you can, the extra profit damage will help. Grab sabacc if they play it, to deny them retrieval, which you will need to keep up probably. Pick your battles, once dark deal gets done, they may spread thin, one epp squad later, you may have won.

Have Fun Using it









'