---
layout: post
author: ! Matt "Sledder" Hanson
title: ! "your a horrible person"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-12
description: ! "mwyhl db’s"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objectives x1
Mind What You Have Learned

Locations x9
Dagobah x1 SL
Kessel x2
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut x1
Dagobah Training Area x1
dagobah Jungle x1
Home 1 db x1
Tatooine db x1
Endor db x1

Jedi tests x1
Great Warrior x

Characters x15
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x2
Yoda x1
Obi-Wan Kenobi with Lightsaber x1
Han with Heavy Blaster Pistol x2
Leia with Blaster Rifle x2
Chewie with Blaster Rifle x1
Wedge Antilles x1
Orrimaarko x1
Tawass Khaa x1
Melas x1
Tycho Celchu x1
Lietenant Blount x1

Effects x14
Insurrection x1 SE
Staging Areas x1 SE
Wise Advise x1 SE
Order to Engage x1
Draw Their Fire x1
What’re you Tryin to Push on Us? x2
Anger Fear Aggression x4
Stone Pile x2
Frozen Assets x1

Interrupts x14
Headin for the Medi Frigate x1 SI
On the Edge x2
OOC x4
Fallen Portal x3
TT x2
A Few Maneuvers x2

Starships x5
Red Leader in Red 1 x1
Gold Leader in Gold 1 x1
Lando in Falcon x1
Spiral x1
Tantive IV x1

Weapons x1
Luke’s Lightsaber x1 '

Strategy: '

Here we go,
first turn, always grab the hut and yoda, and home one db with a character, if you have enough force. second turn grab another dag site, if the training area and test one are in there, grab them. play a character at home one if you didn’t first turn. third grab the last dag site, play another db with enough people to hold it, you should be activating more than enough for it. if your playing a drain deck get down a 4 ability character and test for 1 with him. if your not playin space get your ships to kessel. use ooc or a few maneuvers to track for on the edge when you need it. stay at the db’s unless your goin for beatdown, stay at your db’s unless your beating them down with mains, after the beatdown go back to the db’s, fallen portal everything that comes after you ) tracking 5 o 6 destiny can really be a pain to vader/tarkin when you portal vader...

Matchups, YAY

BHBM
give them luke asap, keep them losing to their own objective, drain them at your and their db’s, fallen portal will kill almost anybody, mwyhl and wise advise keeps the possabilities of sense low, ooc mains ), use your characters wisely, and don’t deploy in space till you have atleast two ships.

Hunt down
don’t leave luke alone, i wouldn’t play him without the stick. fallen portal tarkin, sac is useless with huntdown on the first side. tt visage.

court
test somebody to stop gailed and mara’s stick. or other modifyers, remember power of the hutt doesn’t do jack to your test 1. grab important stuff.

prodigy
i haven’t played this, i would prolly just do pretty much the same as in court, if you get tantive fly down to the d* for a nice drain. beat up brangus and then transit away so you don’t give them those free retreival with scum.

endor ops
take over endor, test 1 to keep the drains down. beat up the people.

well that’s all, have fun and i appreciate any advice givin.  '