---
layout: post
author: ! Casey "Smeg" Barson
title: ! "How to lose friends and irritate people."
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-12
description: ! 'This is a deck based on the Set your course objective.There is only one way to descirbe it, ABSOLUTE BTCH.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'
Set your course for Alderaan
Death Star
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Alderaan
Prepared Defenses
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
There Is No Try

Locations (5)
Coruscant Docking Bay
Executor Docking bay
Death Star War Room
Wakeelmui
Dagobah Cave

Characters (9)
Emperor Palpatine x2
M’iiyoom Onith x3
Tech Mo’r x2
Vader With Lighsaber x2

Effects(7)
Battle Order
3,720 to 1 x3
Reactor Terminal
Broken Concentration x2

Interrupts(31)
Frustration x2
Fear x4
Close Call x4
Monnok x2
Scanning Crew x4
Defensive Fire x5
A Dangerous Time x3
Projective Telepathy x2
Voyeur x2
Limited Resources x3 '

Strategy: '

Ok, the majority of the ways that this wins is by
the light side giving up and saying, "Get that piece of
SHT  out of my face"

Ok, first the obvious.	Use IAO to get either docking bay and the Obj, to get the war room.
Onith and Tech to the Ex or Cor docking bay and try to get the Emperor to
the DS docking bay.  Activate a ton of Force and tear apart your opponent’s deck by getting rid of their
hand.  Most deck strategies revolve around specific cards to get them off the ground.  You get rid of those key cards, then they begin to falter.

Ok, defensive fire.  Great card, try to use one every turn. Scanning crew is key, whether you get someone or not.
Combo?	Ok, try broken concentration on table.	Play A Dangerous time to re-arrange their force pile
and put a couple of characters with the same Destiny # up top, then
Scanning crew another one to the used pile, then Broken Concentration the top one on the force pile to the reserve deck.
Now play close call and get rid of all 3 cards.  Sounds difficult but it is rather easy after about the third or fourth turn. Works wonders against speeder decks since
most of the cards are the same destiny.

Ok, I have got to stop beginning every paragraph with "ok".  Basic manipulation follows

Opponent has a card in deck that can hose you?	Check his force pile as often as possible with ADT, then put that card on the top of the forcepile.
If they end their Deploy phase without spending that force, just
Broken Con it to the top of the reserve deck.

Basically you whittle their hand down to nothing and make the lose a ton to #’s and Limited resources.
You’d be surprised how many people this will catch off guard.
YES, I KNOW HONOR OF THE JEDI WILL DESTROY THIS DECK, TRY TO KILL IT EARLY WITH CLOSE CALL. good luck doing that.
Try to manipulate it out of the forcepile, but if they draw it pray to defensive fire it out of the hand.

Also kill the Signals with ADT and voyeur. Set it up so they are on top of the forcepile so if they spend any force, you voyeur them out.
Again, if they don’t deploy, get them to the resere deck.

My friend seems to be afraid of this deck since he play EBO.
I can see why.	First turn, you play scanning crew to see what’s in there.  EBO?  Frustration
No Echo sites in hand? Fear.  They will almost always lose two from hand rather than risk completely screwing themselves over by losing an echo site off the top.
Also, not many EBO decks have number protection.

All I ask is that you build it once.
DON’T TAKE IT TO A TOURNAMENT UNLESS YOUR FRIENDS WILL FORGIVE YOU
And rate it KNOWING that it is only a btch deck. '