---
layout: post
author: ! joe "brangus" horbey
title: ! "Horbey’s Brangus Ralops"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-10
description: ! 'This deck combines the power of the RALops objective with the awesome retrieval ability of brangus glee.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective(1)
Ralltiir Operations/In The Hands Of The Empire

Locations(10)
Ralltiir
Rendlii
Coruscant Docking Bay
Death Star Docking Bay x2
Executor Docking Bay
 Forest
 Swamp
 Spaceport Docking Bay
 Spaceport Prefects Office

Characters(17)
AT-ST Pilot x3
Admiral Ozzel
Brangus Glee x2
Darth Vader With Lightsaber x2
Dr. Evazan
DS-61-2
Emperor Palpatine
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Janus Greejatus
Liutenant Cabbel
Mara Jade, TEH
Officer Evax
Sim Aloo

Weapons(1)
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

Vehicles/Starships(9)
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 5

Interrupts(10)
Alter x3
Hutt Smooch
Imperial Barrier x2
Monnok
Put All Sections On Alert
Prepared Defenses (Start)
You Are Beaten

Effects(12)
Bad Feeling Have I
Battle Order
Blast Door Controls
Imperial Arrest Order (Start)
Lateral Damage
Mobilization Points (Start)
Oppresive  '

Strategy: '

  Let me start of by saying the the majority of players right now do not use the card Ounee Taa, and if they do, it merely slows this deck down. I have combined the powerful RALops objective, and the Brangus Glee package to mold this deck into an unstopable force. I believe the RALops start provides as good as, if not better a platform for brangus glee retrieval, and here are the reasons

1.) Brangus is still protected by reacting AT-ST’s, the <> Forest, the deployment modifier, and the battle destiny adding aspect of Rallops.
2.) You have the ability to pull ANY card from your deck, which means no waiting to draw the Put All Sections on Alert, it’s already there...no fishing for that other brangus if one happense to die.
3.) You control the flow of the game even more now that your powerhouses hit the table 5-6 times a game.

Start

You start the game off like normal ralops...pull Rendlii, pull docking bay, pull a site. Set up shop on the planet, flip, and then the nightmare begins. Get whatever you need from your deck; the Emperor/Overseeing It Personally, beatdown combinations - Vader/Dr E, Mara/Dr E, You Are Beaten, whatever you fancy, and brangus + d* docking bay and put all section on alert. The brangus package insures that your EPP Vader will see the opponent every single turn of the game, as well as your key starships. I know as a light side player I hate to see Zuckuss In Mist Hunter roaming in the skies...but what if Zuckuss could stay in the air the entire game? Pretty sick.

Specifics

VS. HB

Flip Quickly, get your S+D going, get your overseeing it personally going, and fish out the brangus package. Don’t deploy until he flips, as he can’t drain you anywhere in space with ralltirr and hb flipped. When he flips, send the starships out to probe and beatdown. Retrieve key starships into your hand with Brangus if they happen to die, and deploy them the next turn for more beatdown. Your massive damage on the ground, and control of the sky will do him in.

VS. Profit

Don’t start anything. This is your toughest match IMO, but it is possible to win. The key to this game is too keep Han in the lost pile, and this can be accomplished by sending EPP Vader at him with huge destiny, You Are Beaten, and Dr E everyturn. Simply retrieve vader with brangus, then send him out the next turn. With han dead, your opponent can’t do anything, and your drains will kill him.

VS. Agents In The Court

Similar to profit, except you can’t ignore their planet as much. You need to flip and establish control of tatooine asap. This can be accomplished through the emperor/janu/sim, vader/mara/dr e, and walkers/2/2 guys.

VS. TIGIH

I think every dark deck should put this down as a strategy

Auto-win.

Well there it is folks, lemme know what you think. '