---
author: Chris "CJ" Young
title: 'Why Epic Hunt Down Rocks ? (Post JPSD)'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-01
description: 'With JPSD, Hunt Down is the deck to beat.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Locations (6)
Cloud City: East Platform (Docking Bay)
Death Star: Docking Bay 327
Executor: Docking Bay
Executor: Holotheatre
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Rendili

Characters (16)
Admiral Ozzel
Darth Vader With Lightsaber  x2
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith  x2
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
Dr. Evazan
DS-61-2
Ephant Mon
Grand Moff Tarkin  x2
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Janus Greejatus
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Sim Aloo

Vehicles (1)
Blizzard 2

Starships (5)
Boba Fett In Slave I
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
Chimaera
Dominator
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Interrupts (15)
Alter  x2
Focused Attack
HoloNet Transmission
Imperial Barrier  x2
Masterful Move	x2
Monnok
Prepared Defenses
Sniper
The Circle Is Now Complete
Twi’lek Advisor
Vader’s Obsession
You Are Beaten

Effects (12)
Battle Order
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
No Escape
Power Of The Hutt
Resistance
Search And Destroy
Secret Plans
There’ll Be Hell To Pay
Visage Of The Emperor  x2
You Cannot Hide Forever

Weapons (3)
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
Vader’s Lightsaber  x2

Epic Events (1)
Epic Duel

Objective (1)
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe


Strategy: 

Here’s your starting stuff. The objective and the Epic duel, the Med. Chamber and the Holotheatre, with Visage, Prepared Defenses, IAO and Mob. Points. The 3rd starting effect varies. I normally start either Power of the Hutt or No Escape. Power of the Hutt shuts down spies entering the Holotheatre by deploying Ephant Mon there.You all know what No Escape does, surely. I start Secret Plans against test to 5. I start Battle Order against LS ops. Start Resistance against EBO.

Here’s what to do against other decks.

vs Hidden Base: start power of the hutt. pull Ephant Mon out of your deck and stick him in the holotheatre.  You need to get Search and Destroy set up. then just wait to see what they do at your DBs. if they come at you rape them. set up destinies and duel obi and luke. then probe them with your ships. Direct damage is too much for them.

vs. EBO. Start resistance. use twilek and YCHF to try and find battle order. s&D + visage will hurt them faster than they think. then satify the resistance and you should be ok.

vs. TIGIH. deploy your 1/0 docking bay before the battlegrounds. the LS gives you a battleground, and it’s a docking bay too! Deploy vader down and capture luke. the only way their flipping back is by deploying obi wan.you can duel him if you destinies set up.  Leia is useless on the flipped side. alter their effects. you should win because they have lost their best character in luke. visage will rape them

vs. Profit. Hunt down is good against profit. start mara jade. you can let him flip by moving out and drain for 3 or you can stack up on the chamber and make visage hurt. visage will take its toll. dueling their mains will hurt them. sniper han. you should be fine

vs. MWYHL toughest match up. try to grab It Could Be worse, if possible. need s&d. Protect the Visage, because it is your key to victory. use rendili to get around battle plan. they can’t use POAS on your docking bays. if its the training version, no escape will stop honour and s&d and visage will kill them. Just try to deal enough damage to get them down to less than 10 life force by the time they flip, and Secret Plans will give you the Win.
