---
author: Frank "FrankLamanti" Lamantia
title: 'Surfacing v1.1'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-12
description: 'This deck counters everything and can drain for a crap load.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Locations (11)
Coruscant
Dagobah: Cave
Death Star
Endor
Endor: Bunker
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Hoth: Defensive Perimeter
Hoth: Ice Plains
Hoth: Wampa Cave
Kashyyyk
Kiffex

Characters (15)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Admiral Ozzel
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Commander Igar
Commander Nemet
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
Grand Moff Tarkin
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Jabba the Hutt
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand x2
Officer Evax

Vehicles (4)
Blizzard 1
Blizzard 2
Dune Walker
Tempest 1

Starships (9)
Avenger
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Death Squadron Star Destroyer x2
Dengar In Punishing One
Devastator
Executor
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts (4)
Twi'lek Advisor x3
Shocking Revelation

Effects (14)
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward!
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Lateral Damage x2
Ominous Rumors
Oppressive Enforcement
Presence Of The Force
Resistance
Search and Destroy
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay

Weapons (2)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber

Objective
Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost  

Strategy: 

UPDATE
I have never ever in the history of me playing star wars, lost to a Revo deck, ever.  Its all in the way you play.  I start off with 4 Revo-proof force.  I have Kiffex, Kashyyyk and DECREE in there.	Thats all I need.  I have 3 Twi'leks to pull DECREE out (if you don't know what Decree does, read it before you tell me I need Revo protection).  My old Hunt Down deck has time and time again, beaten heavy Revo decks without any Revo protection at all.	And I played it with Walkers and Big heavy ships.  If you know what you're doing and how to play against it you'll beat it.

But, Bounty22 is right, I made a brain fart and I only have 2 BG sites in there... in my next version I'll add Yavin4: DBay to get another site out for Search and Destroy.
END UPDATE

Like the moron I am, I left out Homing Beacon.	I dunno what I'd take out, after somepeople shoot me down for not having it I'll put it in and post another version of it.

Against ALL DECKS start Imperial Arrest Order, no matter what.

vs. Profit - I switched out Miiyoom Onith, you guys were right, they'll always start Goo Nee Tay or Scrambled Transmission against me, always if they see Mi'iyoom.  So against Profit start EPP Fett and Jabba, and first turn move them to Tat: JP.  Back them up with a walker.  You won't get beatdown there.  And since Nabrun is dead, you don't have to worry about a Nabrun beat.  Drain like a mother in space, hard and quick.  They have Han already commited to the ground, super Falcon is out, what are they gonna do beat you down with Tantive and some pilot?  I don't think so.

vs. Throne Room - play smart and you won't lose.  You're pretty much immune to Revo in the early game.  You have 8 more locations to back you up.  Drain in space.  They have to decide to come to you on the ground or contest you in space.  You'll beat the crap out of them in space and chances are you'll beat them on the ground too.  This deck is anti Throne Room in the fact that you're pretty much immune to Revo.

vs. Hidden Base - laugh.  You win.  Pop out Battle Order and Search and Destroy and just start draining.  Search and Destroy is like Visage... come to the ground so I can beat the hell out of you or take 1 a turn.  haha.  Battle Order kind of serves the same purpose.  Making them use 3 to drain limits any beatdown they have coming.  You win this game because you're draining for so much more than them and giving them so much damage.

vs. Dagobah (anything) - Land Mara on Dagobah and kick the crap out of people, or if they run drain on Dagobah.  Dagobah is my favorite kind of deck to play against :)  Drain in space and on the ground, beat them good if they make a mistake.  If you're playing against super Falcon, drop like 4 ships against the Falcon including Dengar in PO.  Make sure you only lose characters from that battle, Legendary Starfighter sucks.

Against anything else, usually I just drain in space and play my cards right.

Shocking Revelation is a tight card, its saved my butt more than once.	Track it around, or in the early game use Secret Plans to get it out... its an awesome card, but to each his own so you can take it out for something.	   