---
author: Danny "Skuff D" Rider
title: Cloud City Gay Bar
side: Dark
date: 2000-06-21
description: A Dark Deal that sticks to the basics. Full of troopers, TIE's and tricks, this deck relies on an old game factor: Surprise.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective: 1
TDIGWATT

Locations: 8
Bespin
Cloud City
CC: Downtown Plaza (Start)
CC: Dining Room
CC: Secirity Tower
CC: Porttown District
CC: West Gallery
Dagobah: Cave

Effects: 8
Dark Deal
Pride of the Empire
There is no try
Crush the Rebellion
Secret Plans
Oppressive Enforcement
First Strike
Security Precautions

Interrupts: 15
Double-Crossing, No Good Swindler x2
Evader
A Real Hero
Any Methods Neccesary (Start)
Tallon Roll x2
Oota-Goota Solo?
Trooper Assault x4
Jabba's Twerps
Torture x2

Weepons: 1
Mara Jade's Saber

Starships: 6
Dengar in Punishing One
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Obsidian 7
Obsidian 8
OS-72-1 in Obsidian 1
OS-72-2 in Obsidian 2

Characters: 21
IG-88 with Riot Gun
U-3P0
4-L0M with Concussion Rifle
Mara Jade
Lando Calrissian
Lobot
Jabba
Boba Fett with Rifle
Trooper Jerrol Blendin
Segreant Merril
Cloud City Trooper x6
Darth Vader with Saber
Sergeant Irol
Sergeant Barich
Corporal Drelosyn
Captain Bewil



Strategy: 

Unlike simple Dark Deal decks, this one requieres quick precise deployment and taking advantage of every card in this deck. SAC is the main enemy of this deck and so i doubled up on protection with both No Try and Enforcement
Pull the prison and either a BH or a ship of your choice to start so you can get a jump on CC locations. then use the Prison GT to pull Lando. Also deploy CC first, then Bespin and fianlly take DD into hand. Leave all TIE's at CC unless the end game is arriving. The Tallon rolls and Pride of the empire work suprisingly well in eliminating critical ships especially the Falcon and the damage that will be substianed from Pride.
Jabba's Twerps is only going to protect Jabba, but with his GT makes it sweeter to work. Lobot is for the power and possible Lando conversion protection. DC-Swindler is my way to counter Nabrun. Some may say it's not quite effective but more thanhalf my characters are troopers, which deploy for free with it.

VS Throne Room: I recomend a quick set up of dark Deal and never rely on the interrupts without both SAC protection cards out. this will be a game that must be played carefully but if you set up quick enough the drains will pay off and slow if not stop the TR activating speed. Caution is advised.

VS HB: Pile the starships at CC and use tallon roll and pride in battle to the utmost. Spread and drain with ample protection in your hand. I couldn't find room for executor in this deck so play ZiMH and DiPO carefully. Search and Destroy and CC occupation are too difficult to play in this with the bare minumum of BG sites.

VS Profit: Let thm flip, don't deploy aliens at the begining. Set up fast and drain. Prepare for the Nabrun and use both Oota and Swindler to your best. Remember Swindler also can cause direct damage if your lando is with han.

VS Ops: your deck may seems slower but the drains are much heavier. race and win, good luck on this one.

Cards to play effeectively:
Dining Room: Deploying as a react is sweet, use this to your advantage as half of this deck costs 2 force to deploy.
Any Methods: Hold onto this if the opponent plays Frozen Assets and especially Draw thier Fire. a quick play will let you get that 1 critical force for interrupts.
Fett + Jabba + Portown district + Jabba's twerps= 2 destiny, free CC troopers and sweet power. (but who's dumb enough to battle those 2 there?
OS-1 in Obsidian 1 + tallon roll= No superfalcon. You get a 10 before the draw and they get a 8 or 9. with the Destiny in this deck, Tallon roll can be a battle winner (Speccially if they have an extar ship for back-up)
Trooper assault works with half the characters in this deck.
I think I covered everything. this deck was built just before the 3rd anth release and it played a fun EBO and won, I think it can pull victory off from EBO and the Secret plans might slow down RTP. But please give me helpful insight should you see a hole in this delicatley orchastreted deck.