---
layout: post
author: Clayton "TheDohMan" Atkin
title: 'The Kev/Clay RalOps deck by Clayton Atkin'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-05
description: ! 'Well guys, here it is.  This is the RalOps deck that Kevin Shannon and I played at the San Diego ComicCon 2 days after DSII came out.  So you can't say that the deck isn't original...BECAUSE IT IS THE ORIGINAL  It went 7-0 on the day with wins over 4 w'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'  Objective (1)
Ralltiir Operations/In the Hands of the Empire

  Locations (10)
Ralltiir (starting..duh)
Wakeelmui
Executor Docking Bay
Hoth Wampa Cave
Hoth Ice Plains
Kashyyyk
 Swamp
 Jungle
 Forest
 Spaceport Docking Bay

  Characters (18)
Emperor Palpatine x2
Sim Alou
Janus Greejatus
Darth Vader with Lightsaber
Darth Vader, DLOTS
AT-ST Pilot x2
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
Lieutenant Arnet
Admiral Ozzel
Commander Merrejk
Officer Evax
Lieutenant Endicott
Colonel David Jon
Commander Igar

  Ships(5)
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Dengar in Punishing One
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
Bossk in Hounds Tooth

  Vehicles (7)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6

  Interupts (8)
Prepared Defences (starting)
Trample x2
Sence
Alter x2
Ghhhk
Imperial Barrier

  Effects (11)
Mobilization Points (starting)
Imperial Arrest Order (starting)
Imperial Decree (starting against EBO)
Oppressive Enforcement (starting against everything else)
Overseeing it Personally
Bad Feeling Have I
There'll Be Hell to Pay x2
Blast Door Controls
Search and Destroy
3,720 to 1 (Claydoh Tech)





'

Strategy: '

  Well, there you go.  RalOps was already a very strong deck type, but with DS II, the early activation problem was taken care of with Mobilization points.  Here's a quick summary of how I start against every deck type except TR Mains.

  Before you activate to start your first turn, pull Wakeelmui out.  No need to chance activating for it.  We played with that system instead of any of the other ones because we didn't want anyone deploying and moving over to Ralltiir too early in the game.  It was a good psyche job also...everyone was thinking Ties.

  Pull the Executor Docking bay with Imperial Arrest order and put any random scrub there.  Lt. Endicott deploys for free at DB's (I pulled him or Ozzel opening hand in 2 out of the 3 games) So now it becomes a 3/0 site that you can just pull out of your deck.  There's no reason to even play with the Death Star or Coruscant anymore.  Pull one of the <> sites with your objective, and you've now guarenteed that your going to activate for at least 7 force on your 2nd turn, while your only giving up 1.  Now you can either go for the quick flip or bide your time....it works either way.

  Against TR mains its a different story.  Do not deploy any of your <> sites until you are ready to flip.  In playtesting, the Clay/Kev Throne Room deck (or Miogi's revenge as its otherwise known)was able to take over Raltiir rather easily and keep the objective from flipping just from the sheer amount of force it activates, and the amount of characters it can bring down. If you don't give the TR Mains deck a place to go, you can hold it off.  Thats how Kevin was able to beat me in game 6 of the Open, and thats how Greg Miller defeated my light deck at the Regional.

  Now for some card explanations

  The Hoth sites  To get decree going easier against EBO
  Mara Jade  Don't forget that she's power +2 witht he Emperor on the table
  Commander Merrejk  Pulls Kashyyyk out from the reserve deck.
  Lieutenant Endicott	This guy is da Bomb Deploys for free to any docking bay or launch bay
  Overseeing It Personally  I think everyone knows the power of this card now. It turns Raltiir into an Operative planet with some nice force drain bonus's.
  Blast Door Controls	Barrier's are very common out here.
  3,720 to 1  Just a nice early game trick if you can pull it off.  In playtesting it rocked some peoples worlds.  Endicott, Emperor, and anyone else (except Ozzel)is still at least a destiny 10.

 I've seen many versions of this deck posted already, and most of them look pretty sound.  Just keep in mind....THIS IS THE ORIGINAL.	(That ones for all the newbies)

  As I was saying up top before it got cut off, the deck went 7-0 on the day with 4 wins over world finalists. (Evan Ferguson, Steve Greenburg, Clayton Atkin, and James Lafferty)

 update 8/6/00  This one is for all the "It aint original, I've seen 20 of them just like it" Freaks.  The reason it wasn't posted after the San Diego ComicCon is because I didn't feel the need to play against 20 versions of the deck at my regional which was the weekend after the Open.  Enough people knew how it worked, but there was no need to let everyone playtest against it card for card.

  Secret Plans  Yes, I totally agree with the addition of that.  But for the Open, I felt there was more of a chance that I'd run into the new light objective over profit.  It was card #62.  (Just FYI, card #61 was Mara's stick)

  Rendilli (sp) does NOT belong in this deck.  Unless you want your opponent to deploy a ship there 2nd turn and move over to Ralltiir.  Thus, making it more difficult to flip the objective.	(C'mon guys, think about things like that before you go writing them down)

'