---
layout: post
author: ! Zared "Tarl" Gehrig
title: ! 'Rescue the Princes with a twist!'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-17
description: ! 'After You rescue the princes the retrival will be under way.'
rating: 1.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations
Yavin lv
Y4Massassi War Room 
Y4Docking Bay (S)
DSDocking Bay (S)
DSDetention Block Corridar (S)
Tibrin
Astroid Feild
HHMain Power Generators
HHEhco Corridar

Effects
Cell 2187
Hoth Sentry
A New Secret Base (S)
Squadron Assignment (S)
Manuver Flaps
Draw Their Fire
Ehco Base Garrisons

Interupts
Organized Attack
Hojix
Slight Weapons Malfunctions
Darklighter Spin
They’d Be Crasy To Folow Us
Take The Intentive
Don’t Underestimate Our Chances
The Signal

Devices
Astromech Translator
Rectenna

Weapons
X-Wing Laser Cannon
Golan Laser Battery

Objective
Rescue The Princes/Sometimes I Amase Even Myself

Vehicles
Sand Speeder x2
Rouge 2

Starships
Grey Squadron 1
Grey Squadron 2
Red Squadron 4
Red Squadron 7
Artoo in Red 5
Gold 2
Nebulon b-Frigate
X-Wing x2
General Solo
Chewbacca of Kaskyyah
Grey Squadron Y-Wing Pilot x2
Kin Kian
Karie Neth
Keir Santage
General Crix Madine
Admiral Ackbar
Prisoner 2187
Hobbie
Zev Senseca
Coporal Delevar
Sergeant Junkins x2
Ehco Base Trooper
Corporal Midge
Corporal Breezer
Wedge Antillies '

Strategy: '

I put alot of efort into this. Plese read it.
Some of the reasons i put theese cards in; and the uses;
Take out 1 x-wing and put in HHNorth Ridge.

Objective
Rescue the princes/I Amase Even Myself
Leia can add one battle destiny.Plus Attrition against opponent is +2. And Jedi, Imperials, andImperialStarships lose immunity to attrition. Now Darth Vader won’t be safe

Effects
Cell 2187
Since Detention Block is the only other Death Star site deaploy cell 2187 to the corridar .Get General Solo to the detenntion corridar and  you have a extrime chance to rescue the princes

Hoth Sentery 
Don’t you wish this card was non-unique.  Power is the key. Use this card to add 1 to power.

A New Secret Base
Have alot of Imperial Decrice in your area and you have yavin 4 this card will help.You could get the EchoCorridar or Ehco Garrisons if there not out already. And it is immune to alter so it won’t get canceled.

Manuver Flaps
Combat Vehicles are power +2 and the forfite. Don’t deploy the flaps till Zev is out.Now they have to get a 9 to deastroy Rouge 2. Aso you get a battle destiny

Draw Their Fire
another way to retrive force. and the destiny is good for a weapon destiny.

Squadron Assignment
5 destiny and immune to alter. The best part of this card is thatyou can eather get the maching ship or pilot.

Echo Base Garrisons
Rouge 2 will be immune to Attrition <6. If Zev isn’t on table you may get him from the deck. If only this card was immune to alter. 

Interupts
Houijix
If you have a weak character in a battle and you forfite him you can cancel remaning bamage. Or sondown can be canceled.

Organize Attack
The destiny of 5 is good for a weapon and battle destiny.The best part is the x-wings and y-wing are power +1.

Slight Weapons Malfunction
For a used interupt you just need to fire a weapon to get a battle destiny.

Darklighter Spin
Use this card with Red Squadron 4 and Hobbie and you have a 6 for a battle destiny. This card could win you the game.

Don’t Underestimate Our Chances
Play this card right after you win a battle.Say his damage is 6. Triple 6 and he loses 18 force. A real life saver at the end of the game.

Take the intentive
Since the power is the key use this card to and 1 to power. Hopefuly you will be attacked by creature.

They’d Be Crazy to follow us
If an apponents ship is at an astoroid sectoryou will be looking at a ship in the lost pile. The Reason is because this card adds 2 to weapon destiny.

The Signal
The destiny could help you deastroy ships ,but the best part is that you can take ”Any kind of effect” for just 3 force. This will help you with rescuing the princes.

Characters
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk
A power 6 character. He adds 2 to power. And may become defence value 4. Now some weapons won’t kill him. He will be power+1 because he is a scout and Take the Intentive says”For Remainder of the turn your unique scout are power +1 

General Solo
Now we have someone to rescue the princes. A scout so he is affected by Take the Intentive.Get him with chewi to cancel a battle destiny.

Derek’Hobbie’Klivian
He adds 2 to power of anything he pilots. Get him to the same site of a stardeastroyer and heal add 3 to power

Prisoner 2187
She has no deploy cost.At the Detention Block you will have a 3 for a force drain.She is just as good as General Solo.

Admiral Ackbar
A leader. Deploy him to the Nebulon Frigate. It will be power7 and a destiny draw. '