---
layout: post
author: ! Andy "RexBanner7" Klema
title: ! "He Just Won/t Die"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-01-27
description: ! 'Easily set up combos to keep Han alive, the new EJP objective flipped, and your opponent squirming.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (9)
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace Entrance Cavern
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Tatooine Judland Wastes
Tatooine Lars' Moisture Farm
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Obi-Wan's Hut
Tatooine Tosche Station

Starships (5)
Gold Leader
Lando in Falcon
Red Leader
Spiral
Tantive IV

Characters (18)
Artoo
Ben Kenobi x2
Boushh
Chewbacca
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Han
Harc Seff
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Luke With Lightsaber
Master Luke x2
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Orrimaarko
Rennek
Tawss Khaa
Wedge Antilles

Effects (10)
A Gift
Bacta Tank
Bo Shuda
Do, Or Do Not
Insurrection
Mechanical Failure
Order to Engage
Scrambled Transmission
Uh-Oh
Wise Advice

Interrupts (15)
Don't Forget the Droids x2
Don't Tread on Me
Gift of the Mentor
Shocking Information x2
Skywalkers
The Force is Stong With This One
The Signal x3
Transmission Terminated x2
You Will Take Me To Jabba Now

Weapons (2)
Anakin's Lightsaber
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber

Objectives (1)
You Can Either Profit By This... '

Strategy: '

All right, first things first, how to free Han. Two Ways. 1. Order to Engage. Put down Rennek + Bo Shuda, and then OTE. Make them lose 3 force a turn until they move out of the AC. If you think they will cancel it, Signal for Uh-Oh 2. Beatdown. 3 Lukes's + 3 Obi's = One of them at least in opening hand. Whoop up at the Audience Chamber. Scum and Villainy dies horribly because if they move out, they lose Scum. Artoo's gift also does it's work. Once you want to free Han, he stays at the AC protected by Bo Shuda, and you retrieve 10 force. I was thinking about adding It's A Trap to cancel Sniper, but I'm not sure. Then you just occupy Tatooine and drain them out. BTW, normal start is Don't Tread on Me for DODN and ST. Don't deviate from the start unless you know that one effect kills them. In that case, signal for it. Meta

HuntDown 1 Spy + 2 TT's to cancel Visage. I don't see dueling around here, so I don't have the interrupts for it. It's a meta decision. If your area has dueling, put them in. Otherwise, stick to your game plan. You can kick them off Tatooine easily, and occupy them out.

Ops Don't see this much, but Artoo does his work here. The big retrieval removes speed factor while you set up, and then it's battling or draining.

Big Blue Mechanical Failure, the high destinies, and the destiny adders are huge here. Hit them where they are weak and occupy and drain on Tatooine.

Scum Ha Best possible matchup. Control the AC easily to cancel Scum. Artoo kills drains and destiny, weapons and destiny adders clear sites.

Can't think of anything else. As always, if you have a question, e-mail me BEFORE reviewing. Enjoy '