---
author: Chris "CJ" Young
title: 'The Emperor's True Power'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-06
description: 'A Bring Him Before Me deck that sets up huge beatdowns.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Unknown Type:
Death Star II: Docking Bay
Death Star II: Throne Room
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Rendili
Spaceport Docking Bay

Characters (16)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Admiral Chiraneau
Captain Godherdt
Captain Sarkli
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith  x2
Emperor Palpatine
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Janus Greejatus
Lieutenant Cabbel
Lord Vader
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand	x2
Officer Evax
Sim Aloo

Creatures (1)
Bubo

Vehicles (3)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 6

Starships (7)
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Chimaera
Devastator
Dominator
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser  x2
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Interrupts (15)
Alter  x2
Imperial Barrier  x3
Masterful Move	x3
Monnok
Prepared Defenses
Rise, My Friend  x2
Trample
Twi'lek Advisor  x2

Effects (11)
Emperor's Power
First Strike
Imperial Arrest Order
Insignificant Rebellion
Lateral Damage
Mobilization Points
Oppressive Enforcement
Search And Destroy
There'll Be Hell To Pay  x2
Your Destiny

Weapons (1)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Unknown Type:
Bring Him Before Me/Take Your Father's Place


Strategy: 

In my opinion, I think that ROPs and BHBM are the strongest dark side decks. Those decks have been particularly successful for me, especially this one. The main idea is to wait for your opponent to deploy something, which you Barrier then beatdown. Obviously it is a different story against jedi testing.

You start Mobilization Points, Imperial Arrest Order and Oppressive Enforcement. This start allows you to activate craploads of force by pulling out DB's and controlling them.

The first thing you need to do is grab Emperor's Power and Rendili from your deck. First turn get the Emperor and deploy him to DS2:DB, which you should deploy from your RD with IAO. On subsequent turns, pull the rest of them out so you don't have any 0's left.

The character base in this deck is solid. There are various 2/2 pilots which kick ass. Evax and Cabbel are your typical Imperial pilot. Sarkli is really good. Excellent against TISGIH, Operatives, and Throne Room Mains. Chiraneau is an excellent pilot and adds to space drains.
The 2 bounty hunter droids are important, especially against Profit. Iggy captures Han and 4-LOM cancels Ben Kenobi's game text. Mara is the bitch. I think you all know how good she is.

The space fleet is solid as hell. You may ask why Dominator is in here. You can retrieve it using Rendili gametext. Use these ships in conjunction with Lateral Damage to wreck your opponent in space.

Interrupts are an important element in this deck. In particular the barriers and Masterful Move. Masterful Move cancels the problematic Savrip and is an excellent destiny tracker. Destinies are so important in this deck. They help you win battles and thus dominate the game.
Imperial Barrier is perhaps the most important card in the deck. It allows you to stop characters from wrecking you or to belt them on your turn. Again I think you are all aware of this card's power.
Rise My Friend is useful if you want to start pinging your opponent or to win the game by converting Luke. Don't underestimate the power of Alter. This allows you to get rid of annoying effects like Bacta Tank and Order To Engage.

First Strike is an excellent card when use with Insignificant Rebellion. Make your opponet lose two force when you initiate and win battles. Grabbers are your defence against SAC and retrieval. Search and Destroy is a killer against jedi training and Hidden Base.

I hope you realise this is a solid deck. I have only lost once with this deck to my Speed Profit. Give me some constructive feedback and give this deck a go. I think that you will like it !!

CJ

