---
layout: post
author: Scott "Maverick" Shepherd
title: 'New Age Hunt Down'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-21
description: ! 'A new way to try everyones favourite objective  Pretty powerful stuff in space and on the ground...'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'OBJECTIVE(1)
 Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi/ Their Fire Has Gone Out of the Universe

Epic Event(1)
 Epic Duel

Locations(9)
 Meditation Chamber
 Holotheatre
Executor DB
Endor DB
Endor
Kessel
Kashyyyk
Fondor
Sullest

Effects(7)
 Visage of the Emperor x3
 No Escape
 Imperial Arrest Order
 Mobilization Points
There’ll Be Hell To Pay

Interrupts(11)
 Prepared Defences
Masterful Move x2
Circle is Complete x2
Vaders Obsession x2
Force Lightning
Imperial Command x3

Characters(17)
Lord Vader x2
Vader w/Sabre
Darth Vader
Darth Vader,DLOTS
Emperor Palpatine
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Mara Jade x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Captain Godherdt
Commander Merrejk
Admiral Piett
Admiral Motti
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral Chiraneau

Starships(8)
Executor
Death Squadron Star Destroyer x3
Avenger
Vengeance
Devastator
Chimaera

Weapons(3)
Vaders Sabre x2
Mara’s Sabre

Admirals Orders(3)
We’re In Attack Position Now '

Strategy: '

*-denotes starting stuff
there should be a x3 after the AO

Response to some comments and reviews...
1. THERE ARE MASTERFUL MOVES IN HERE  2 of them to be precise,  please read the deck list and the strategy before reviewing
2. Ephant Mon is not required for every Hunt Down deck  He is only useful if you find him early anyways, otherwise the spy comes down cancelling Visage...Again read how it does not need to rely on Visage to win.	pLus there are other ways to protect your Visage if you feel that it is vital to your winning the game

O.K., heres how this works for those of you that have not figured it out...Pull your Executor DB first turn if opponent does not give you enough force to deploy Vader if you have him.  Second turn deploy Vader to Endor DB and flip your objective...  Next move Vader over to the Executor DB and pull Piett if you don’t have him with an Imperial Command, use Piett to grab Merrejk and Merrejk to grab all you battleground systems.  Do not deploy Executor if you are playing Hidden Base  B-Wings anyways...the last thing you need is a power pivot or Intruder missile slamming into it...the game is over.  I used to play B-Wing base...and loved the Executor, people think it can hold any system, any time...it cannot, be careful  If you do put out the Executor, if you have no fear this can usually be accomplished turn 3-4, move Piett and Merrejk to the bridge and Vader to the Med Chamber next door.  If you have an Admirals Order out and Vader is in his chamber...all your Star Destroyers are invincable to anything not packing weapons...Whats that, mega falcon shows up to try to @#$% slap a Death Squadron Star Destroyer?	Well if its pilotless...it still gets a destiny draw thanks to vader in his chamber, and is immune to attrition less than 10...12 if theres a pilot onboard... and if that pilot is an Admiral...can either add a second destiny or make falcon draw only one with Imperial Command  Sigh.  Tough break Falcon.

Do not worry if your Visage gets cancelled It is not the end of the world.  If you get your Emperor early...set him up there with Sim and Greejus to prepare for the duel later...If it does get cancelled and Obi-Wan/Luke is not around...Who cares  Sit in the chamber and rule the skies.  When they do show up...pick up Vader and a$$ can whoever is in the Holotheatre...then Pick him up again and duel if you are redy to do so with your easily trackable destinies...Recycle your AO by redeploying them...Masterful move is a nice 6 to put back...and let us not forget our friends Sim and Janus  Dueling is not a problem here.

Some match-ups...

Hidden Base
Do not deploy the Executor early   Figure out what type of hidden base you are playing first.  Try to secure the Holotheatre with Mara and the Emperor as Visage will hurt them bad.  If you are playing true hidden base...you have more than enough firepower to give them fits in space and probe at your leisure...play smart and it should be o.k.

MWYHL
vs. Canadian style or test 2 style does not matter...try to protect your holotheatre again here because of all the spies  Mara and Empy again are good here.  If Visage gets cancelled early.	Empty the theatre with Mara and whoever else you need and redeploy it( there are 3 in here for a reason besides the 7 destiny)There projections are useless against your drains and test 1 doesn’t hurt as much as one might think when you drain for 4 a turn at Endor and Sullest. Captain Godherdt is nice here to remove any pasky landing claws.  Does anyone still play with that card?  A simple match here.

Profit
Track your destinies to duel Luke and Obiwan when you are ready. Let them free Han.  If you are lucky, Boussh will come and cancel your Visage early and you won’t have to worry about the Visage damage.  Your fleet will go unopposed in this matchup and you should be able to outdrain him.  Keep dropping Vader to try to take out Han, Ben Kenobi is annoying here...but duel him and you win...Tarkin is nice here if you suspect he is packing big time duel protection like he should be playing profit.  Sim Aloo is your best friend here.  Careful dueling is the key to winning this game.

EBO
Are you joking?  Be unafriad as you set up faster, or as fast anyways...and watch him suffer huge from Visage...Protect it and you will win.  Consolidate your fleet at big drain systems so you cannot be swarmed and you will be fine.  If he is playing retrieval engine style under the shields, chances are he does not have the firepower in space to seriously harm you.  Punish him for deploying to space and duel Luke or Obi if they are stupid enough to come out and play.  You should win here.

Operatives
They still around?  I heat my house with my operatives now...but if any one still plays with them...No Escape them to death.  Space=Victory

There you go...suggestions would be nice.  I think this deck is solid and above all is fun to play  It can go toe-to-toe with alot, which is what a good deck does and does not rely on Visage or Dueling or draining to win...it can win on any of the above, which is its real strength	If you cannot track destinies, I would suggest going with another deck type as this relies on knowing where your big numbers are to say night-night to Ben and his pupil.  Numbers are not big here...thank god...but remember to meta your version accordingly...Also, you set up pretty fast...and can manipulate your own force pile fairly effectively with Masterful Moves.  Worse case set up your drains at Endor and Sullest and sit there.  Again if you are truly afraid, put in You Cannot Hide Forever and problem solved.

Some cards to consider...
You Cannot Hide Forever
Come Here You Big Coward-really this should be in here
			 probably take out an AO for this...
Ephant Mon-if you really, really want to protect your  Visage, which is not imperitive here...but always nice.



'