---
layout: post
author: Paul "Paul" Maholick
title: 'Our Most Desperate Mofos'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-05
description: ! 'This deck uses the quick force advantage provided by Dagobah and Yodas Hut, in conjunction with Hidden Base to respond quickly to enemy threats.  Once in position, the many high ability characters keep retrieval high, allowing you to outlast the op'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip Through Your Fingers

Locations (9)
Alderaan
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City Guest Quarters
Cloud City Lower Corridor
Dagobah
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Rendezvous Point
Tatooine  x2

Characters (16)
BoShek
Boussh
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Jeroen Webb
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Luke With Lightsaber  x2
Melas
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x2
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Wedge Antilles
Yoda

Starships (6)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Lando In Millennium Falcon  x2
Red Leader In Red 1
Spiral
Tantive IV

Interrupts (16)
Alter  x2
Courage Of A Skywalker
Effective Repairs
Glancing Blow
Sense  x4
Sorry About The Mess
The Signal  x2
Transmission Terminated  x2
Tunnel Vision  x2

Effects (11)
Bacta Tank
Battle Plan
Insurrection
Mantellian Savrip
Mechanical Failure
Order To Engage
Our Most Desperate Hour  x2
Traffic Control
Ultimatum
Uncontrollable Fury

Devices (1)
Landing Claw
'

Strategy: '

Given a DS meta dominated by Hunt Down and Ralops, I decided something a little different might be the way to go.	Hence, this deck.  The deck is still gets off to a quick activation and Tunnel Visions, albeit not as rapid as the Yavin 4 start.  However, this deck does potentially have greater staying power, something that a Yavin deck may not be able to boast unless its initial drop strikes are devastating.  Before I take a look at the matchups, lets turn our attention to what makes up the deck.

The start is hidden base and first turn you pull Dagobah and the Hut.  This gives you a nice activation ratio of 7 to 2.  Whether you pull out Tatooine on the next turn depends on what the DS is playing.  Against Ralops I would pull it out for the greater activation, however against a Tatooine based deck, I may choose to wait and let the DS play their Tatooine, so I can convert it later.	The same logic goes for Alderan.  If you need the activation put it out, otherwise it is your call.  Be careful though, losing either Tatooine or Alderan to a force drain kills your retrieval, but giving up a combined drain of 4 is not exactly optimal either.  The CC sites give you a nice place to drain away from walkers or versus TIES, but the deck is capable of taking locations away from your opponent if you have to do so.

Characters were selected primarily on the basis of ability, although there are a few exceptions.  Boshek, Melas, and Twass and all ability 4 aliens, which can come in handy versus Ralops, just watch out for the counter strike.  Alos Boshek and Melas are pilots which can get you over the ability 7 hump vs. Zuckuss.  Boussh is great for canceling Visage or allowing the LS to drain on Ralltiir even with the objective flipped.  EPP Leia is also here as an option.  Obi and Luke of course make an appearance.  I went with the EPP&#8217;s given that I packed the CC sites where their Sabers will do the most good.  EPP Han is here to add destinies in battle.  Chewie goes with Han, or can be a target for OMDH.  Jereon Webb shows up here for OMDH duty as well as spy duty.	Wedge is for OMDH too.	Orrimaarko is another ability 4 rebel and Yoda is here for his ability as well as his attrition trick at his hut.

The space package here is sparse, as it is in most LS decks.  Lando in the Falcon is your main retrieval vehicle.  I had played this deck with the SuperFalcon for a time, but committing Han and Leia to space where they will never drain for more than one seemed a waste.  Also with the popularity of Ralops, Han is needed for beatdown, and the Boussh persona is too good pass on given what she does for drain on Ralltiir.  So even though the deck retrieval is harder to play with LiMF, the deck itself is enhanced overall.  The two leaders with Tantive and Spiral round things out.  I also added a Landing Claw for the Falcon to potentially avoid beatdown while running the OMDH&#8217;s, although the leaders can use it as well.

Interrupts include a SAC package of 4 senses and 2 alters.  These keep your OMDH from being Altered and can also prevent Lateral Damage or BFHI vs. Ralops.  The Senses come in handy for canceling reacts as well.  Dueling defense shows up in the form of Courage and Glancing Blow.  The two Tunnel Visions help you get those cards quickly versus Hunt Down and are just solid deck accelerators against anything else.  The Signals help you find your OMDHs faster, or any other effect for that matter.  Sorry About the Mess is great utility and anti-spy.  Effective Repairs helps to keep your retrieval going.  Play Repairs to get OMDH out of your lost pile on the same turn you will complete OMDH.  This way you are very likely to retrieve Repairs and enable yourself to continue the cycle of retrieval.  It can also be used to get Uncontrollable Fury out of your lost pile to play it against after the DS burns its only You Are Beaten to get rid of it.  Yoda can insure the damage keeps on coming.  Two Transmission Terminateds hopefully keep Visage under control.

Effects are important to deck.	The two OMDHs fuel the retrieval and are destiny 6 to boot.  Bacta Tank is used to save your characters, and your high activation makes this a little easier to use on mains.  Battle Plan allows you to battle for free and is important vs. TIES or Ops.  Insurrection prevents Elis dueling if you can make Vader commit somewhere besides CC in the early game, works nicely with Fury as well.  Savrip is here because you have the senses to defend it.  Mech. Failure is anti-Ralops, but is useful against almost any DS deck.	Order to Engage is solid against Ralops and regular ops, and has its uses against other decks as well.	Given the average destiny of this deck, Traffic Control is important to rig draws, but also to put back cards once you find your combos.  Ultimatum is anti-numbers and anti-Rumors once you get the CC locations set up.  Uncontrollable Fury seemed a natural fit with so many ability 4 characters, especially Yoda at the Hut.


So that is the deck, here are the matchups

Hunt Down with Duel &#8211; Hold Obi and Luke until you can Tunnel for the anti-dueling stuff.  Drain for one in space if you think you can.  Do not put out your CC sites until the DS provide a battle ground for Vader, then play Insurrection.	If you can get Yoda to his hut, Fury on Vader and Visage cancelled, you should be in good shape.  You can retrieve what you lose to Visage, the DS most likely can not, so use TT only when it benefits you.  With Vader committed elsewhere use you other ability 4 guys to set up shop on CC.

Hunt Down without Duel &#8211; expect more resistance in space.  Use of the claw will be important here.  Use the same strategy to make Vader commit elsewhere then populate CC.  Sure, Vader can come but Tarkin is stuck thanks to Insurrection.	Big Blue won&#8217;t be able to join you on CC, but watch out for bounty hunters and such.	Commit mains to space if you have to in order to ensure OMDH gets completed.  If you do this you should outlast them if you can avoid a large beatdown as you spread your drains on CC or Lateral Damage in space.

Ralops &#8211; get your activation going quickly and populate Ralltiir.  Ralltiir is a tough matchup for any deck, so concentrate on shutting your opponent down early.  All the retrieval in world won&#8217;t help when the DS is adding 5 to their destiny draws and draining for 3+ a turn.  Use the Bacta Tank if you can, but try to save the cheap guys and keep the mains on the table with Savrip.

Rumors &#8211; start Ultimatum to keep their drains in control.  Use your CC sites as your battlegrounds.  Most Rumors decks are only packing walkers as a ground force, with a Vader or two, so spread out with your non-pilots once you know where Vader is.  Get your EPP&#8217;s in space for mutliple draws and to defend OMDH.  With good use of claw and a bit of retrieval you can come out on top.  Watch out for Lateral Damage, hold an Alter of this card.

TIES &#8211; start Battle Plan.  Clear out Milwaukee (with EPP&#8217;s and Tantive) and Alter Sienar.  Then it is just a drain race.  The Falcon is Tallon Roll proof, so keep it on its route, using the claw if you need to do so.  If you can something in space to drain for free on CC, and avoid a disastrous beatdown by sensing All Power to Weapons and Altering Lateral Damage, you show pull it out.

Big Blue is there same as either Hunt Down without Duel or Rumors, depending on the deck.

ECC Objective &#8211; with your CC sites you should be able to prevent Dark Deal.  Deploy LiMF early at the RP to prevent seeing Lando on the DS.  A claw at Bespin will help.  Occupation could be a killer however, so be prepared to put the EPP&#8217;s in space to cancel that.

Ops &#8211; Start Battle Plan.  Order to Engage with Boussh and your high activation should do the trick here.  Hold your senses for Scanning Crew, Tunnel for mains if you need to do so.

So there it is.  I hope you enjoy playing something a little different.  Oh, and keep Secret Plans in mind.  Activation should not be a big issue, just remember you have to pay for it.  In the end game keep this is mind as you will not have much force to work with, consider battling a character off the board to retrieve less to enable you to make OMDH more affordable.  Good Luck.
'