---
layout: post
author: ! Andrew "JohnnyUnitas" Carson
title: ! "There Is Still Good In TIGIH"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-23
description: ! 'This deck uses Scouts, Eloms, and mainsto win battles to cross Vader'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (10)
There Is Good In Him/I Can Save Him
Endor Chief Chirpa’s Hut
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Luke’s Lightsaber
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
I Feel The Conflict
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Staging Areas
Strike Planning
Insurrection

Locations (4)
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Cloud City Platform 327 (Docking Bay)
Yavin 4 Docking Bay

Characters (26)
General Crix Madine
Orrimaarko
Daughter Of Skywalker
General Solo
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk
Sergeant Brooks Carlson
Lieutenant Blount
Corporal Kensaric
Sergeant Bruckman
Colonel Cracken
Obi-Wan W/ Saber
Lando W/ Vibro-Ax x2
Han W/ Heavy Blaster Pistol
Chewie W/ Blaster Rifle
Princess Leia W/ Blaster Rifle
Palace Raider x2
Elom x8

Vehicles (2)
Racing Skiff x2

Effects (6)
I Hope She’s All Right
Bacta Tank
Aim High
Ounee Ta
Wise Advice
Draw Their Fire
Yarna d’al Gargan

Interrupts (11)
Fallen Portal x2
Rebel Barrier x2
Choke x2
The Signal x2
Transmission Terminated x2
Insertion Planning x2 '

Strategy: '

This deck beats down the opponent using every
character and vehicle possible. Basically I
repeatedly beatdown whenever possible while
pulling docking bays for extra activation. That’s
pretty much the strategy in general. It gets
slightly more specific against different decks
though so here’s how it works against ’em

Against Court and MKOS These are both similar decks
the way I see them played in my area so I’ll cover
them together. The main problem I encounter against
Court and MKOS is that they usually don’t contain
any Vaders or Imperials at all so winning the game
using the objective isn’t possible so I’ll have to
battle ’em out. Obviously they’re going to fortify
Tatooine so I pull Madine and drop him at Chirpa’s
Hut with Luke while pulling scouts to prepare for
a beatdown. Once I have sufficient cards to draw
multiple destiny or to reduce my opponent’s I
attack their weakest site and try to hold it while
regrouping more forces. If my opponent’s not
playing with Imps then Luke’ll be able to join in
the action and chop some aliens. To clear the
audience chamber, I use either EPP Han and EPP Leia
or EPP Han and ECC Chewie in conjunction with Lando
with Vibro-Ax to draw around 3 battle destiny
while shooting and excluding up to 3 characters.
The Eloms aren’t too useful against these decks so
I use them as forfeit fodder or vehicle drivers.
Against MKOS it’s a good idea to get some drains
setup at the docking bays because they’ll be
retrieving (or regenerating if they’re using
Abyssins) most of their non-unique casualties.
The key to taking MKOS out is keeping them from
occupying battlegrounds so I’ll cut off their
main retrieval source. Throw in Aim High and they
should eventually cave in.

Against RalOps I get Ounee Ta out instead of
Staging Areas and basically attack in the same way
as I do against Court and MKOS, the only difference
is they’ll most likely have Vader and/or The Emperor.
I get Luke to an Imp. quickly by pulling the
<> Docking Bay and make ’em pay until they get
Vader out or I’ve got a beatdown set up. With
Ounee out my Eloms, and raiders with their skiffs
are free and rebs are deploy -1 so beatdowns aren’t
hard to deliver. Against Palpy, I monitor his use
of Force Lightning and when I think he doesn’t have
any left, I strike at him if he’s with another
character using Lando W/ Ax and a few other characters.
By knocking Palpy out I’m free to win the battle
against the other guy (even if it’s Vader that’s
not that big a problem).

Hunt Down This is tricky. If it’s a deck that
relies on dueling then they’ll have very few
characters other than Vader so I’ll have to
just try to win battles against the other guys
they’ll use while Barriering Vader or smushing
him with Fallen Portal. Basically I feel the only
way for me to win against a Hunt Down dueler is
just go crazy and kill all his characters, including
Vader. I won’t worry about crossing him, I just get
him and his cronies outta the way and drain. Against
non-dueling I’ll be battling like crazy so I’ll
have to play it safe by letting them play defensively
and going on the offense myself. If that doesn’t
sound too good I can Fallen Portal and Barrier their
characters and battle the leftovers while gaining
more cards on Conflict to finally cross Vader.

TIEs Get out Aim High and I Hope She’s All Right
and fortify drain positions. If he’s using ground
with the ties then I take ’em out where possible while
draining as well. This is another tough one.

Thanks for looking at my deck.






'