---
layout: post
author: Chris "crzybkhd" O'Hara
title: 'Silly Little Tat. Deck'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-12
description: 'This is the 1st deck I have posted. It has only played a few games but has done very well.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting (8):

Agents in Da’ Court/No Love Baby!
Tat.: Hut trade Rt.
Jabba: Aud. Chamber
Yarna
HFTMF
Innsurrection
Uh-Oh
Wise Advice

Locations (6):
Tat.: Junland Wastes
Tat.: DB 94
Tat.: Mos Eisley
Tat.: Desert
Jabba: Ent. Cave
Home One: DB

Characters (17):

Shasa Tiel (Rep)
Ishi Tib x3
Arleil Schous
Tessek
Lando w/ Axe x2
H’nemthe x4
Luke w/ Stick
Obi w/ Stick
Han w/ Gun
Leia w/ Gun

Vehicle (9):

Sandspeeder x5
Rebel Snowspeeder x4

Interrupts (12):

YWTMTJN x3
Signal x2
Tunnel Vision x2
Nar Shadda x2
Trans. Term.
Rebel Barr.
Lost in Wild

Effects (9):

Flaps x2
Sandwhirl x2
Underworld Cont.
OTE
Bo Shuda
Scramble
WYTTPOU


Strategy: 

As you can see this deck is pretty much an Agent/Speeders Deck. But it has some tricks.

The EPPs are mainly hit and forfit beatdown. They do not hold sites. The Hnemthe and speeders do that. And sandwhirl keeps them off Tat.

Your 1st objective is to get Tessek to the Aud. Chamb. with Bo Shuda. Then your oppenent cant battle him and you have cheap aliens. Next get Flaps out. There is enough seach and draw cards in here to get what you want or need very quickly. Occupy your 3 sites and flip your Objective. Remember to add a destiny to your power in every battle you have to have 2 aliens.
Get out Underworld contacts and drain away. Use the 4 power Ish Tibs to help out battling then retive them every control phases. Also their Rep. Shasa lets you reorder their force pile. This takes some time to figure out but the general strategy is if they are going to deploy put the good cards on top if they are going to draw put them on the bottom. Its alot of fun to watch them draw nothing every turn!!

I used Hnemthe because they hose Imperials, add 2 to power of my speeders, are Alein and cant be shot or choked. (If they only had a Rep. !!!) Sandwhirl is key in this deck cause you can use the darkside trick of hiding behind them. Also arrange your sites so the desert is at one end and Hutt Trade Route is at the other. Scramble will kill most decks because its unexpected. So wait to deploy it until you can use your EPP or Speeder beat down for max. damage.

Vs. Hunt Down

This is the deck most played in my area. Without honor you lose 1 per turn (call Decipher I didnt make No Escape AND have it be immune to alter but not make the light side version also immune !!!) And every player worth their salt who plays Hunt Down has a 1st turn Ephant Mon so your spys are useless. Get used to losing 1. So I have included 1 TT if you feel you need more add them I usually just turn this matchup into a drain race which I win cause i can cover more sites and their Imper. deploy +2. Do not forget to activate 1 every time they deploy a destiny 1 character !!!

Vs. BHBM

Find Luke ASAP. Give him Luke and prepare to battle. Be very careful where you deploy, make sure you can draw destiny. Remember they may be drawing 2. Grab their Sense ASAP. Scramble can be deadly to this deck as they mainly deploy piolts to beatdown and run! Remember deploy +2 Imper.

Vs. Court/Dark Agents Deck/SYCFAScum

OTE, Scramble, Speeders, Sandwhirl, Bo Shuda, Lost in Wild. These should be fun match ups but with them not doing anything in the Aud. Chamber and only Ext. sites you should be able to win by draining and picking battles. Underworld raises your site to top! Beat down Galid/Mosep with EPPs if they leave him in Aud. Cham. You can react with the Sandspeeders if you need to.

Vs. Space

Drain race! You have no space so you need to deploy and drain. Hold EPPs until they deploy Vader/Tarkin or Mara beatdown, then go in with one of your own. Tessek adds 1 to all your drains!
Easy win.

Vs. Ralltiir Ops.

Just kidding. No one plays this come on!!!

Vs. Endor Ops.

Just like space but beatdown one of their sites every so often. Not much in this area.

Well thats it. Like I said this is the 1st deck I have posted.

Oh, yeah you are probably saying what about Bubo! Well noone around here plays him so if you run up against Bubo alot put in Rennek insted of something. I would also like to add a Grimmtashh since it would be fun after I stack their force pile.

Peace,

Crzybkhd

