---
layout: post
author: ! Jim "Stimmed Jim" Li
title: ! 'Stimmed Jim's Scum Deck'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-06-30
description: ! 'Scum and villany to power the aliens'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations
Tatooine
Jabba's Palace
Audience Chamber
Droid Workshop
Dungeon
Rancor Pit
Holotable

Characters
Mara Jade x2
Dengar w/ Gun x2
Iggy w/ Gun x2
Jabba the Hutt
Jabba
Ephant Mon
Dr. E
Gailid
ORS x3
Chall Beakon
4 Lom w/ Gun
Brangus
EPP Vader

Interrupts
Main Course
Projective Telepathy
Combat Readiness
Shocking
Oota Goo-ta
He Hasn't Come Back Yet
SHUOSHD
None Shall Pass x2
Barrier
Twilek x3
Masterful Move x2

Effects
Tatooine Occupation
No Bargain
Secret Plans
First Strike
Search and Destroy
Security Precautions
Battle Order
Blast Door controls
Scum and Villany x2
Bad Feeling Have I
Resistance
There is No Try

Ships
Bossk In ship
Zuckuss in ship
Fett in ship
IG-2000
Jabba's cruiser
'

Strategy: '

Okay, before I start i must say that I copied TJ Holman's idea for this deck, so much props must go to him.  I played this deck in about 5 tournaments before i retired it and it hasn't lost yet, most people just aren't prepared for this deck.  start tatooine and jp, pull sites out, pull out holotable with masterful moves, by 4th or 5th turn all the locations in your deck should be out.  set up Jabba with scum and backup in the audience chamber, set up occupation with ships at tatooine (you don't have to have guys at Jabba's palace if you don't feel safe, just move them over to audience chamber.) and wait for them to come to you.	disrupt them with barrier/none shall pass/projective and battle when you feel like, the destiny in this deck in just incredible and you'll hit anybody you want.

against specific decks

throne room
if they put down a character first turn at jp, just put down a character and pull out audience chamber, then either battle to kill the character or just move over to the audience chamber.  even better is the He Hasn't Come Back Yet, if they play luke first turn at JP and you have one in your hand, chances are he's gonna be missing.  even if you can't get rid of the character you can always atleast pull out the holotable which should help your generation.  after the initial couple of turns just play this as you would against any mains deck, pull out bad feeling and no bargain and start draining at AC and they will have a tough time coming at you with the barriers and none shall passes, battle on your own terms and retrive like mad.

Profit
this deck just rips profit to shreds.  start jabba the hutt and Ephant mon in AC, you get to convert his JP right from the start and his AC first turn, so he's only getting 4 force.	pull out bad feeling and no bargain and gailid and spread out a little in JP (preferably in the 1/0 sites) and start draining, if they free han get out Blast door controls, occupation should be doing its trick especially since there's no way han's gonna bother you in space.

EBO
hah, get out Battle Order and Search and destroy, if they deploy to 4th marker just throw out vader or mara there and clear them out, or if ebo is especially popular in your area, throw in a hoth ice plains, then there's no BG on hoth for them to occupy, then just get your ships out two at a time and start battling/retriving like crazy, remember no rebel barriers with blast door controls.  ebo sets up with so many card on the table that it is really easy to out drain them, especially if you are retriving at the same time.  ORS rule on the independent ships.

Ops
vs regular speeder ops should be one of your easiest games.  get out battle order asap and a capital ship to their system so that you can shuttle guys up from the planet if needed.  if you can, get some guy with gailid at AC and jabba/ephant mon at JP, if you can't get all of those guy out, don't worry 'cause the main damage you'll be doing is occupation and first strike/dtf damage.  so with battle order they can only drain at 3 sites a turn, and only if they don't want to deploy more stuff.  so let them flip and spread out to 8 sites if they want, and take the drain of 6 for a turn or two, don't worry it doesn't hurt that much.  make sure you have blast door controls out and then drop something like mara, brangus, Iggy, Dengar+ORs each to a different site.	most Speeder ops decks will be playing Draw their fire so thats a swing of 6 force every battle, battle at each site with your guys, and retrive pretty much everything in your lost pile.  plus now you've taken out ops at 4 different sites.  make sure you lose all of your characters that can be battled, or else just shuttle them up to the capital ship at their planet.  rinse and repeat and you'll have no problems against ops.

vs Yops just pile all your ships at their planet, like Zuckuss+Bossk+bubble boy + 4-lom + iggy + forfeit fodders = 4 destiny draws, you'll beat them off the planet eventually, then its just like a regular ops deck but weaker.

i think thats pretty much all the popular LS decks out there and hopefully i've covered them pretty well.

There is No Try is in there instead of another form of sac protection because you can afford to lose the interrupts more than your opponent can afford to lose 3 force, you'll be retriving anyways so it's like they lose 3 and you lose none, if heavy sac is popular in your area (it's not in mine) then add a oppressive or a control or something.

BTW i know if you have mara at JP she cancels no bargain and none shall pass thats why i never put her out unless it is to take out the opponent's characters.  Vader and mara and Dengar can take out multipule characters per battle so don't put them out unless you are ready to battle that turn, hope that makes it clearer. '