---
layout: post
author: ! Geoff "GG BLADE" Bowman
title: ! "Low Destiny, High Annoyance ISB"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-22
description: ! 'This is a post DII ISB Deck, it is centered around docking bays, manip, and mains.	Please Review'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Ver. 1.0

Starting (6)
ISB Operations / Empire’s Sinister Agents
Courscant Downtown Plaza
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
Oppresive Enforcement

Locations(6)
Walakimmi
Y4 Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Endor Landing Platform
Tattooine Docking Bay 94
Cloud City East Platform.

Characters [ISB] (13)
Snowtrooper Officer x2
Colonel Wullf Yuaren
Sergeant Tarl
Officer Evax
Chyler
Corporal Vandolay
Commander Merrejk
Captain Jonus
Sergeant Torent
Outer Rim Scout
5D6-RA-7 [Fivediesix]

Characters [Non-ISB] (12)
Darth Vader
Darth Vader with Lightsaber
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand x2
IG-88 With Riot Gun
M’ilyoom Onith x2
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle
Grand Moff Tarkin
Boba Fett Blaster Rifle
Commander Igar x2


Starships (2)
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk in Hounds Tooth

Vehicles (2)
Tempest 1

Effects (3)
Reactor Terminal
There’ll Be Hell To Pay
Imperial Decree

Interrupts (15)
Monnok x4
Scanning Crew x7
Ghhhk  x2
Imperial Barrier x2

Weapon (1)
Mara’s Saber
'

Strategy: '

There should be 2 Tempest 1's  just forgot the  x2.

Note Please read this before reviewing and don’t give it a bad rating because you think ISB is dead, and this deck probabally sucks. Please read the strat section.  Thanks  Ahhhhh all of the contractions have ’ instead.

This is a pretty strait forward deck.  I start ISB Ops and   Courscant Downtown Plaza for my Objective requirements.  Then I also pull out Oppressive Enforcement to protect from SAC,	Imperial Arrest Order to pull out Docking Bays, and Mobilization Points to get more activation at my DB’s.  I pull out those with Prepared Defences.

First Turn
	I pull out Walakimmi for acitivation and as a decoy to make the opponent think ties and deploy during my deploy phase.	Should I change it to Cardia for more activation?
	Then I pull out Hoth Echo Docking Bay if the opponent is not playing EBO, if s/he is, I pull out the Endor DB.	I’ll play a Scanning Crew if I’ve got 1.  If I have two character’s that I can deploy with total ability of 4 I slap em down to the DB, but usually I wait til’ turn 2 so I can draw a bit.

Second turn
	Hopefully having 2 ability 2 characters in my hand I will deploy them.	I will also search for a DB, usually Y4 of Cloud City.	Play Scanning Crew(possibly a monnok…)

Third, Fourth, Fifth turns…..
	Much the same, pulling DB’s and dropping agents to them.	Flip, retrieve, beatdown, drain…

VS Specific Deck Types

VS Profit
	Do not deploy aliens to the AC, they will probabally get beatdown, and I will not have enough force to supplement them with reinforecements.  Soon as they free Han go over and beat down with Igar in Tempest 1 (if there are characters at exterior sites), Vader, Tarkin, Mara, Bounty Hunters…  I use 4-LOM to cancel Ben’s game text so Han can die.  I won’t deploy Tatooine DB this game usually until later.	I think that I should add in another docking bay in case this happens with profit or EBO.

VS EBO
	They’re dead.  I spread out and drain like crazy. Retrival is the same.  I monnok lost like crazy ato kill there doubles of X-Wings, if they are playing with swarm.  I don’t deploy the Hoth DB, because it’s hard to move in.  I usually deploy it when I have the ability to move in, (about turn 7)

VS MWYHL
	Little hard, but I can scanning crew and M’ilyoom Onith them to death if there is a beat down squad.  I don’t think I will be encountering many of these, so I didn’t put in any defence, should I?  I think I can win with my drains and retrieval.	 I will deploy all of the docking bays. I think I will add in one more DB so I can drain more, but I don’t know what to take out.

VS TIGIH
	Little hard again….  Just drain, retrieve, scanning crew, M’ilyoom Onith, and monnok.  Other than that just play smart.  I haven’t played against one of these yet, because I haven’t been to a post-D*II tourney.

Card Explanations

M’ilyoom Onith – If you haven’t seen or used this card take a look at it, it rocks  It kills the #%@ out of your opponents beatdown squad.

Scanning Crew – Get’s of a Rebel, give’s you a look at opponent’s hand, if they’ve got doubles, monnok

Ghhhk – Don’t use if you receive three damage against you.	I save it for when you get nailed by like 10-15.

I want to put in PoTF, but again I don’t know what to take out.
'