---
layout: post
author: ! Ryan "TheNatural14" Beckham
title: ! "MWYHL- Save me it can"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-15
description: ! 'This is my first attempt at a MWYHL deck.  I need alot of help I think but it has been pretty steady at local tournies.  Uses all 6 tests with Leia and uses docking bays and air for beatdown.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objectives (1)
MWYHL/SYIC

Jedi Tests (6)
Great Warrior
A Jedi’s Strength
Domain of Evil
Throught The Force
It is the Future You See
You Must Confront Vader

Locations (9)
Dagobah
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Dagobah Swamp
Dagobah Training Area
Dagobah Jungle
Kessel
Cloud City Docking Bay
Endor Landing Platform
Tatooine Docking Bay 94

Characters (15)
Daughter of Skywalker
Yoda
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Luke with Lightsaber x 2
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Ben Kenobi
Han with Heavy Blaster Pistol
General Solo
Chewbacca of Kashyyk x 2
Tawss Khaa
General Calrission
Nien Numb
Elom 

Ships (6)
Spiral
Tantive IV
Gold Squadron 1
Home One
Red Leader in Red 1
R2 in Red 5

Weapons/Devices (7)
Anikan’s Lightsaber
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber
Luke’s Lightsaber
Luke’s Backpack
Intruder Missle x 2
Ewok Catapult

Effects	 (10)
Yoda’s Hope
The Way of Things
Insurrection
Reflection
Wise Advise
Honor of the Jedi
Battle Plan
Traffic Control
Your Insight Serves You Well
Goo Nee Tay

Interrupts (6)
Heading for the Medical Frigate
The Signal
Transmission Terminated
Rebel Barrier 
A Few Manuevers
Out of Nowhere
'

Strategy: '

Well this deck does fairly well and is fairly fast.  You can get to test three within your first four or fives turns, which is a must to get it down right.  Start with Wise Adivise and for sure The Way of things.  The third effect needs to be insurrection for the docking bay support but can change.  I found it hard to make a good and workable Jedi Test deck because it is so effect and interrupt intensive, but I think I got enough in there.  I used docking bays so that I can use heavy hitters like Ben, Luke and Han to run around and make a mess of the opponent while Leia stays back and helps you out.  The air is powerful and effective and can really get the job done with a small amount of support.

***************Changes*******************8
Take out Elom and put in another Ben.  Had a brain fart.
Take out Nien, Lando and Gold Squad 1 for Lando in Ship and a fallen portal and sorry about the mess
Hyper Escape for A few Manuevers

Possible Changes
More Interrupts and Effects, Han with Blaster for General Han, More LSJK [if I can even get one, that one is a dream ;-) ], Chewie with Gun for CoK, Take out Nien Lando and Gold Squad 1 for Lando in Ship and two interrupts or effects

Reasons for cards
Two of mains- Make sure I get one, they are vital to getting the beatdown I need
Luke Mix- Dont have any LSJK, so I am wishing for one at least and putting in my ones with Saber to make sure I get one out
General Solo- Great guy.  His game text is helpful too.  May get taken out though for another Han with blaster.  LMK what you think
CoK- I am really going to put in the ECP Chewie once I get them but for now I am using good old CoK.
Obi Mix- Just in case I lose the Tatooine D-Bay I have another Obi two run with
Tawss Khaa- With these guys you know who will win
Docking Bay Mix- The most popular areas to play and plus you get lower deploy at endor and ben can only deploy to Tatooine
Starship Mix- Heavy hitters.  Can’t say much else.  These guys can seriously do damage to the playing field and win more than their fair share of battles
The Sabers- I really don’t see how this deck can be played without them.  Luke and his saber kick but beyond comprehension.  Obi and his saber kill easily and the added force drain and Leia needs one two for when she must confront Vader
Other Weapons- Used for their great destiny.  Need to track these and make sure they come up for destiny draws and to stack on the jedi test.
Yoda’s Hope and Reflections- Well Duh, every point counts
Traffic Control- To dump duplicates of characters if you want to and to dump extra weapons.
Battle Plan- Get your ships out and prevent some force drains from the other side.  Get you people to annihalate space or ground and they lose their ability to force drain.
Goo Nee Tay-  Add to the deploy and prevent loss of ALL of you characters besides Leia and Tawss
Fallen Portal-  Kill those pesky small imperials who wander onto your docking bays.
Transmission Terminated- Visage makes my upset.  Cancel it before I get mad
Hyper Escape/Out of Nowhere- High destiny and added protection for your Ships


Matchups
VS TIE
Your ships can destroy them easily.  If they get too powerful your Jedi Tests will really hurt them and make them easier kill.  Force drain on Ground
VS BHBM
Well Vader will come looking for Luke.  I would let him have him and dual him while Leia trains.  This will help out alot.  You will beatdown on him so fast that he won’t even have a chance to win battles and add to his draws.
VS Hunt Down
This could hurt but you have the destiny on your side.  Track that destiny well and keep from having those Epic Duals destroy you.  Terminate Visage too cause that will really begin to hurt.  Watch out for GMT and Mara they will help do the damage but they too can die
VS RallOps
No army can have the power your small task force has.  Go there and flip the objective back over.  They will have spaceport docking bay too to help you out.
VS Endor Ops
Same as RallOps  You can easily whipe them away with Mains and toys.
VS Court
They have to capture a main with a toy.  That is funny.  Even if they do, deploy more mains and get your guy back.  Do bounty hunters really havea chance against the alliances best people?
VS Carbon Freeze
Who plays carbon freeze now anyways?
VS Dark Deal
Never really played a dark deal so dont know much about it.  I would just move over to CC and kill them.  Doesnt sound that hard.  No darkside character besides Vader can really wreak any havok on your guys '