---
layout: post
author: Andy "Solo337" McClure
title: 'Hunt Down and whoop the Jedi'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-01-05
description: 'This is the best HDADTJ deck I've come across. Basically, if you're playing against this deck, if you deploy Luke, you're screwed, deploy Obi you're screwed, and if you don't deploy either, you're really screwed!'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 


Locations (5)
Endor: Dark Forest
Endor: Forest Clearing
Hoth: Defensive Perimeter
Executor: Holotheatre
Executor: Meditation Chamber

Characters (16)
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x3
Darth Vader with Lightsaber x3
Grand Moff Tarkin x4
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle
IG-88 with Riot Gun
Brangus Glee
Dr. Evazan
Commander Igar

Starships (5)
Devastator
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Dengar in Punishing One
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser

Interrupts (14)
Alter
Elis Helrot x2
Twi-Lek Advisor
Torture
Vader's Obsession x2
The Circle is Now Complete x2
Hunting Party
Masterful Move
I Have You Now x2
You Are Beaten

Effects (12)
Visage of the Emporer x3
Secret Plans
Presence of the Force
Come Here You Big Coward
Battle Order
Reactor Terminal
Disarmed
Security Precautions
Crush the Rebellion
Macroscan

Weapons (4)
Double Laser Cannon
Intruder Missle
Vader's Lightsaber x2

Vehicles (2)
Tempest 1
Flare-S Racing Swoop

Objective:
Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi/ Their Fire Has Gone Out of the Universe

Epic Event:
Epic Duel


Strategy: 


This deck has never lost a game for me. I've played it in many tournaments, and have never won by any less than 15 cards. What this deck does is render your opponent helpless against the assault of the Dark Lord, and his little buddy, the Grand Moff. If they don't deploy Luke or Obi-Wan, they have the constant loss from Visage to deal with, and they'll have trouble holding their own again Vader with Han and Chewie (choke fodder, you know).
     If they do deploy Obi or Luke, duel them! How would you like a 5/5 character with a built in lightsaber to fight alongside Vader?

Here's how you play the deck:
First off, consider your starting effects:
Secret Plans, Come Here You Big Coward, Security Precautions, Crush the Rebellion, and Battle Order. It all depends on what they're starting. If they start a non-battleground site, use Presence to help you flip early. Battle Order to slow down Ops, Secret Plans against heavy retrieval, SP against HB, and Crush the Rebellion against anything else.

The idea is to get Vader at a battleground early, to keep yourself from losing to Visage. Back him up with Tarkin, and no one will be able to mess with them. If they try to fight you with Luke or Obi, duel them, but use caution. IF VADER LOSES, YOU LOSE THE GAME. But, with a little planning, you should win every time. Macroscan is a great help when dueling. Tarkin can cancel one of their destinies, so if you know their top destiny is a 1 or 2, you can win every duel, no matter what their 2nd destiny is. As another dueling advantage, there are six 7 destinies, six 6's, and seven 5's in this deck, so the average destiny is through the roof (about 3.2).

Once Vader is down, keep Visage on the table. This constant loss really adds up, and it is very discouraging and distracting for them.

Elis Vader and Tarkin wherever they need to be. If you get DLOTS with a lightsaber, Tarkin and Evazan all at the same location, they can defeat ANY LS beatdown force. Add Iggy and Boba Fett, and their very near invincible. And if you get that team moving all around together (via Elis Helrot), your opponent just better PRAY he has several Houjixes, because he's gonna get spanked.

Here's how to play against the hot LS deck types:

Against MWYHL training to JT #2:
You shouldn't use a whole lot of drain modifiers, and you generally have 6 ability, so the training won't hurt you very much. Just win all battles (it's not hard with Vader and Tarkin), and keep them losing from Visage.

Training all the way to #5:
No problem. Kill them off before than can even get #5 done.

Against Hidden Base:
Start Security Precautions. Get Vader at a battleground site early to force drain before they flip. They cannot cancel Visage using HB. Once they flip, use your space fleet to probe, and use Tarkin and few other pilots to cover attrition (you will take no battle damage).

Against Mains and Toys:
This is your easiet game. Obi-Wan and Luke get dueled, and everyone else is choke fodder. Even Leia is easy to choke. Use disarmed, Tarkin, and your high desinies to win duels, and every other battle should be a breeze.

Against Ops:
This is your hardest game. As mentioned earlier, start with Battle Order to slow them down. Vader can win all battles, and choke the little operatives, but he could lose the game due to all those other drains (even Vader can only be in one place at a time, you know). Try to get the Racing Swoop as soon as possible, as it is your best weapon against ops. If they can't run away, the Dark Lord and his best bud can beat their operatives one by one until they're all gone. This deck is low on support characters, but the ones you have are the cream of the crop. Igar in Tempest 1 is awesome, and Fett and Iggy run right through ops.

Against Odds:
Get Vader out and don't activate any cards. Just keep them losing to Visage.

SAC:
They can barely use sense and alter, so don't worry about it.

Well, that about it. Hope you enjoy. If you play this deck properly, you should be nearly invincible!

Thanks-

Solo337
