---
layout: post
author: Tim "Info Broker" Guzman
title: 'No Order In The Court v1.1'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-17
description: ! 'I made some changes to my first Court deck and even though it Rocked before.  Now it rocks some more.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Court Of The Vile Gangster

Locations(9)
Jabba's PalaceAudience Chamber
Tatooine Great Pit
Jabba's PalaceDungeon
Spaceport Docking bay
Death Star
Coruscant
Kashyyyk
Endor
Kiffex

Characters(17)
Jabba The Hutt
Boelo
Ephant Mon
Dengar With Gun
Jodo Kast
Mara Jade
Bane Malar
Djas Puhr
Dr. Evazan
4-Lom with Rifle
Ig-88 With Riot Gun
J'Quille
Chall Bekan
Cloud City Engineer
Outer Rim Scout x3

Starships(6)
Dengar In Punishing One
Jabba's Space Cruiser
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
IG-2000...Not EJP
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Weapons(1)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Interrupts(15)
Surface Defense
Imperial Barrier x2
None Shall Pass
Projective Telepathy x2
Masterful Move
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
Monnok
Ghhhk
Dark Maneuvers
Twilek Advisor x2
Nevar Yalnal
Shocking Revelation

Effects(11)
Battle Order
First Strike
Resistance
Secret Plans
There Is No Try
Scum And Villainy x2
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay
Lateral Damage
Bright Center To The Universe  '

Strategy: '

Well the Changes I made are small to my first version, but very needed.  Please read everything carefully.

I have Played this deck against all types of Lightside decks and it does great.  Really all kinds.  Retrieving is what makes most of the difference. Please do not tell me to add anything about Capturing or Trap Door or anything about the flip side of this Objective.

I would Start Surface Defense against all decks...all the Time. Use Secret Plans to get Shocking in hand and also look through deck to see where your locations are. Use Docking Bay to recycle Shocking.  Use Objective to deploy ships to Systems and hope they try to Battle...so you can barrier them, and retrieve and battle your turn. Of course if you have ORS in hand you can let them battle so you have something in the lost pile. Then get a ship, Deploy battle and retrieve your lost ship, repeat.

Againts something like Speeder Ops(beat down), play very carefully.  Never go out of the Chamber, unless you have Ghhhk, or better yet Jabba and Ephant together.  It is not that hard to beat, just need to know you stuff.  I played againts that deck and like I said no problems.

Use Twilek's early for Security Precautions or Battle Order, depending on what they are playing. I chose Bright Center for OPS OVER Imperial Decree, because of the Claw. I know I have Starfighters in here, but that was my choice. And with that and Battle Order and your Retrieving, you will kick OPS Butt.

If you play against Profit start Boelo and Chall, then use Chall's Text to get an Engineer and raise your site first turn. First Alien you should get with Chamber is Jabba, but against Profit you might what Ephant Mon, whatever you do will be fine.

You will not lose in space, because of retrieval.  You lose a ship, retrieve then deploy and repeat the process.  It works all the time.

That is about it. Ever other Card in the Deck is self explainitory and fits in nicely in this type of deck. Sometimes you may find yourself using Projective Telepathy just to retrieve then cancel the battle. I also always like to keep that Ghhhk in my hand just in case.

Have Fun,
Tim Guzman

PS.  If you can count cards you will really kick butt with this deck.  Trust me it rocks. First Strike will be the thorn in most mains deck.  '