---
layout: post
author: ! Geoff "Loaf" Gallo-Cornell
title: ! "Urban Assault Vehicle"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-01
description: ! "Yet Another BHBM.....but with walkers, aliens and, of course, the regular suspects."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Bring Him Before Me

Starting (7)
Prep’d Defenses
DSII Throne Room
Your Destiny
Insignificant Rebellion
Oppressive Enforcement
IAO
Mob Points


Locations (4)
Rendili
DSII DB
Endor DB
CC DB

Characters(15)
ECC 4-LOM
J’Quille
ECC IG-88
Brangus Glee
Mighty Jabba
EPP Fett
Mara Jade x2
Lord Vader x3
Slim Lou (Sim Aloo)
Grand Moff Tarkin
GOD (Janus Greejatus)
Emperor Palpatine

Effects(3)
Reactor Terminal
No Escape
Empy’s Power

Interrupts(18)
Set For Stun x2
Sniper
Alter
Trample x3
The Circle Is Now Complete x2
Dark Manuevers
Projective Telepathy
Sense x2
Omni Box
You Are Beaten
Double Back
Operational As Planned
Rise, My Friend

Vehicles ’N’ Ships(9)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 4
Blizzard Scout 1
ZiMH
Dengar In Punishing One
Dominator
Bossk in Bus

Glowing Buzzy Things(3)
Vader’s Saber x2
Mara’s Saber '

Strategy: '

-------------------------------------
Deck update Ditch a card for First Strike (oppresive enforcement, maybe?)

-------------------------------------


Well, just start the starting cards, and hope for a vader, but if you dont get one, its still ok.  This deck isnt an all out power deck, it wins its battles by picking and choosing where and when to battle. Cards like set for stun, sniper and trample are what make this possible.

Say they have a few 2/2 scrubs at a site, and maybe an EPP han or leia, perhaps both. You could drop a walker on them, with brangus piloting, trample a scrub or two, possibly han. Then try to set for stun somebody (or try before dropping the walker, that is usually a better idea). then Drop ECC 4-lom with IG or maybe the jabba/fett combo. use ecc 4-lom to get rid of leias game text, then proceed to smack the duo around. it usually works, and if it doesnt, you didnt deploy enough or use enough of the sneaky cards that get rid of their characters before battles.

Try to set up garrisons at all of your DBs once you layed some beatdowns on them. Since all your characters with beatdown potential were used up their surprize factor in the beatdown, just move a good number of them, escorted by a walker of course, to the DBs, to drain and wait them out. Use projective telepathy to use first strike to your advantage, and to escape order to engage (damn that card).

Once you have won enough battles to successfully turn luke, drop vader to his site, and play rise my friend to take them to the DB. Next turn move them to the throne room, shuffle and attempt to win. While this doesnt always work as planned, it usually does. If you were forced to drop vader earlier, and had to lose force to your OBJ, just lose the dominator, then retrieve it with rendili, and do that again and again, to save your arse from all the damage your OBJ does to you. IF they were playing non-interactively and you couldnt win enough battles, use mara and vader with their sabers to enhance your drains at the DBs.

Reasons For Cards

Bounty Hunter Ships -- great in space, have lots of extra features that make them great.

Dominator -- easily retrievable and makes a good way to escape damage from your OBJ

Tempest Scout 4 and Blizzard Scout 1 -- both have a destiny of 4, and thats pretty good, plus they can trample

TS3 -- has ability of 3, and it can trample with the best of them

Rise, My Friend -- moves vader and luke the the DB instantly

Operational As Planned -- a nice way around frozen assets/draw their fire, plus it recycles cards nicely

Double Back -- lets your BHs live indefinetly

YAB -- great for beatdowns, nuff said

Omni Box -- good recyclable card, and it messes up their tracking

Small S/A Package -- cause sometimes it pays to have a small sac

Projective Telepathy -- i already told you, it is good cause it escapes OTE

Dark Manuevers -- saves ZiMH from xwing cannons, and it adds one to his power, plus its a nice recyclable 6

Circle is Now Complete -- obi drops dead

Trample -- crushs chewie and other people too

Sniper + Set for Stun -- clears the site for easier beatdowns

Empy’s Power -- abuse this card when you use first strike with this, it basically evens out...so why not, its a free extra destiny.

Janus -- he is great... period

Slim Lou -- gives you a second chance against attrition

Mighty Jabba + Fett -- get two destiny and a free shot

ECC 4-lom -- makes EPPs into bantha fodder

J’Quille -- excludes a scrub or chewie for later beatings

Brangus -- get destiny by himself, and he can pilot walkers

VS Deck Types

HB -- Get your space fleet together, and probe. Battle when you can, and dont forget that set for stun works in space..hahaha

TIGIH -- well, since they have i feel the conflict out, you can’t just duel them casually now, since you have to stack one when you loose. Since you’ll both be trying to beatdown on each other, you’ll have to rely on your interrupts such as set for stun (great card, why dont more people play it?) and trample. if you play it right, you should win everytime

EBO -- use your space crew to control hoth or their haven system. if you can, move the walkers in for an assault. if you cant win battles in space, it gonna be a tough game, so use your interrupts wisely, and like i said before, set for stun works in space.

Profit -- start jabba and EPP fett. built up your forces at the chamber ASAP. use empy’s power to add an extra destiny. its all about killing han..... 4-lom fixes ben kenobi, and sniper kills han. master luke gets captures, and if ben doesnt die to 4-lom, circle will kill him. easy matchup 90% of the time, but as always bad draws/choices can lead to a loss.

QMC -- invade their exterior sites with walkers. use your BH in their ships to control bespin. kill their gamblers so you dont loose much to sabacc.

random decks -- use common sense. dont put vader down until you need to, a first turn lost in the wilderness and out of commission is devastating be careful, but most decks will die to the loads of high destiny that are easily setup with the recycling mechanics.


thats about it. I’d like to thank you for reviewing my deck, fewer and fewer people review decks nowadays. Also, please dont rate this poorly just because im not a big name player and BHBM is so over done, i really think its a good deck, and if you think otherwise, please tell me how to make it better, and not just free points.
'