---
layout: post
author: ! Alex "george3785" George
title: ! 'The Swarm The Second Coming'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-17
description: ! 'A new version of my deck. I improved on things, that i got in my reviews. i hope you like it better this time.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7)
Hidden Base
Hidden base Modifier (pick one of the systems below)
HFTMF
Your Insight Serves you well
Wise Advice
Do Or Do Not
Rendezvous point

Systems (7)
Coruscant
Kessel
Roche
Endor
Aquaris
Corulag
Ralltiir

Characters(4)
Luke Skywalker, JN
Boushh
TK-422
R2-D2

Starhips (16)
Red Leader in Red 1
X-Wing x14
Lando in Hot Rod

Weapons (4)
X-Wing Laser Cannon x4

Effects (10)
HOTJedi
Undercover
S-Foils
Projection of a Skywalker x2
Civil Disorder
Slayn and Korpil Facilities
Legendary Starfighter
Rebel Fleet
Order to Engage

Interrupts (11)
All Wings Report In x2
The Signal x2
Organized Attack x3
Power Pivot
It Could Be Worse
Rebel Barrier x2

Admirals Orders (1)
Concentrate all Fire  '

Strategy: '

@@@@@@@@@ PLEASE READ @@@@@@@@@
First I don’t want you to review this bad because it is like other x-wing decks. This is my version and it is working well for me. Decktech is so people can know how good their decks are, not to know that it is a very common decktype and has already been done. In my area I am one of the only people that plays Hidden Base, as well as X-Wings. So please don’t review bad because of unoriginality, becuase it is original where I play.

Now on to the strategy
This deck is a machine. A well tuned Machine that can beat most deck types out there. I played a deck like this at my last tourney and it went undefeated (all except one game, that should have won, if not for one wrong ruling.)
It is a great deck, and it has been made better by DS2. My original had some problems with it and i fixed it with help from people’s reviews. I think it is better now and will win even more frequently, no matter what my opponent throws at me.

Changes from last deck
-I added a few more xwings.
-I added Lando in ship
-I took out a few cannons
-I added Slayn and Korpil Facilities for some mad retrievel.
-I took out a few spies and undercovers.
-I took out my second concentrate all fire
-I added a signal
-I took out slight weapn malfunction and out of nowhere, and added Rebel barrier x2, Power Pivot, and it could e worse.
-I took out Anger, Fear, and Aggression x2 (what was i thinkin) and put in civil disorder, legendary starfighter, rebel fleet, adn order to engage.
-And finally I added that much needed SAC protection that everybody was @#$%in’ about.

Now on to Game Play
Playing this deck may seem hard, and confusing, but it is probably the easiest deck i have played in a while. It runs perfectly and can do about wahtever i want with it. All you really do is set up your X-wings, battle, play the direct damage cards, and retrieve. in the midst of this you deploy your spies, and projections. Only flip if you really need to or if you dont expect them to probe and make you lose with Sec. Precautions. You will just drain them out and They will not be able to stop you. If they come up to battle, just rebel barrier them and make them lose to order to engage, or annihilate them in the battle. This deck will win, you just have to play it right. If opponent plays ground you should almost always win.

Now for some Answers to questions you may have
Why no Yarna?
I find that i dont need yarna. Monnok is hardly played, and if it is, you dont ever have xwings in your hand any ways because you deploy them fast enough. I think that Yarna would be a waste of a card space. It may help a few times but 75% of the time it will be wasted. Another thing, why does everybody yell at me for not having yarna, but then nobody hardly says anything to about needing it in Johnny chus xwings swarm on the top 10. Is it that i was right or that you guys are afraid to say anthing to him because he is batter than most of you.

Why Slayn and Korpil Facilities?
This is a great card, and if you play Xwing swarm with cannons it can be a game winner. If opponent ever decides to battle you, just fire at them and retrieve 2 force. if you dot his a couple times per game you can retrieve up to lets say 10 force. that is one sixth of your deck and can change the tide of the game. This card is amazing.

Now on to the reasons for certain cards
Legendary starfighter this is a great card. can sometimes be a game winner. YOu deploy the falcon and some xwings against some crappy ship, beat it then throw it on falcon. that is 2 force every turn that opponent has to lose.

Civil Disorder Most of the game you will have more ability on table than the opponent. They will either have to go to space, deploy excess characters to the ground for no reason, or simply put lose 2 force. this with legendary starfighter is amazing.

Order to Engage This is more direct damage. This card can help a lot. Especially if he comes up to probe and doesnt want to battle your swarm. You just move them arund in a big group and he will run away and lose force. This is a game winning card.

Power Pivot This card alone can change the tide of a battle. Say he deploys a revved up executor or chimaera. against like 2 or three xwings, or you do the opposite. YOu play Pivot he will have to lose the ship and maybe more cards.

Concentrate all fire This card adds to the power of my Xwings that fire, as well as letting me redraw an extra weapon destiny. If thats not good enough it is also a destiny 6 that can cancle other admirals orders.

Now on to the strategies to beat certain decks
BHBM YOU WILL WIN AGAINST BHBM, unless he plays an all space variation. His SAC will be cut down by your protection, he will not win many battles, Jedi Luke can beat arund as he wishes, and you will cancel his drains. Xwings will beat BHBM, If you follow the general strategy.

Ties Ties are very good, but against this deck i think I could win. most ties dont have hyperspeed and they will get destroyed by my cannons. this will be a very interactive game, so dont spread your forces. this will be rather tough.

Huntdown This will be a tough game. Huntdown is very strong and may be able to beat this. But if you play smart you could pull out a win. You will just want to follow your strategy and not deploy luke. just hope that they cannot occupy 3 battlegounds.

Others Just play like you normally would. this deck is full of tech, and can beat most decks right now. It is very strong if you stick to the strategy and dont play, it stupidly.

Please review and tell me what i should do to make it even better

Thanks,
AL '