---
layout: post
author: ! Andy "Solo337" McClure
title: ! "Why Andy McClure is #94 in the world "
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-09
description: ! 'Because my rating hasn't been updated in forever I should be like 50th or higher Anyway, here's my newest deck, I love it.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'
Beginning junk (7)
Local Uprising/Liberation
Endor
 Farm
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Strike Planning
Insurrection
Staging Areas

Characters (22)
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x3
Daughter Of Skywalker x2
General Solo x2
EPP Han
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk x2
EPP Obi x3
General Crix Madine
Orrimaarko
Colonel Cracken
Lt. Blount
Corporal Midge x2
Corporal Beezer
Sergeant Bruckman
Melas

Interrupts (4)
The Signal
Rebel Barrier
Insertion Planning
Tunnel Vision

Effects (11)
Revolution x3
Do, Or Do Not
Menace Fades
Your Insight Serves You Well
Close Air Support
Honor Of The Jedi
Bacta Tank
Goo Nee Tay
Let's Keep A Little OPtimism Here

Starships (8)
Home One
Independence
Liberty
Tala 1
Tala 2
Lando In Millenium Falcon
Spiral
Redemption

Weapons (2)
Luke's Lightsaber
Anakin's Lightsaber

Sites (6)
HothEcho Docking Bay
Home One Docking Bay
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
 Spaceport Docking Bay
Endor Back Door
Endor Rebel Landing Site
'

Strategy: '

I was having a hard time thinking of a name for this deck, so I went with a popular naming style. It also slips me a chance to gripe a little about big D's slow Update system.

Please read all the strategy.

The basic idea in this deck is big activation right off the bat. You start giving yourself 4 force, and the opponent only 1. First turn you pull Home One docking bay and Generals Solo, and Crix from reserve using Strike Planning and throw Crix at the docking bay thus giving yourself, 7, and your opponent 1. He can generate all sorts of scout scrubs to put at docking bays.

You should see how this deck works. Make sure you use the same start against every deck, unless you already know what the guy is playing. Those 3 effects are neccesary.

The Revolutions can be dropped if you don't like them, but I've found recently some decks lack protection. I love Revolving they're Twixes, or your Farm for extra drain. They aren't a big part of the deck, not essential at all.

Generally, I use Luke and Obi off Endor, and put General Solo, COK, DOS and Orrimaarko along with other scouts on Endor, with Midge as the centerpiece. Those drains add up in a hurry with Midge.

Why I use some of the cards in this deck

Tala 1, Tala 2 and Close Air Support Has anybody read close air support? This card is amazing If you get Tala 1 or Tala 2 to a system, your scout at a related site adds a destiny and a destiny to power only That's amazing Not to mention that both the pilots of the Headhunters are spies and can be grabbed from Reserve Deck with Madine

Insertion Planning This card is pure tech. All but 5 of your characters are Scouts, and this card is a 6 destiny used interrupt that subtracts 3 from they're total Battle Destiny. All the sudden, you don't have any attrition

Tunnel Vision This deck usually generates like 15 force before the 5th turn, and I intend to take full advantage of that.

Melas Helps get around Zuckess.

Sgt. Bruckman This guy is tech, too. In case you don't know he's a scout, and this is what he does If you are defending a Battle and all your ability is provided by scouts, he reveals the top card of your reserve deck. If it is a Scout, you may deploy it for free. If not, you put it back on your reserve deck. Most of the time, it isn't a Scout, but it's cool when it is. Also, it gives you a sneak peak at your destiny. "Hmm.... the top card is Insertion Planning...... I think I'll swing at Vader....."

EPP Han I have 2 General Solos, and he is cheaper and more useful off Endor.

EPP Obi I use him for the most part to make suicide runs. Mara at the Audience Chamber annoying you with a drain of 2? Bye, bye Ms. Jade.

Against common DS decks

RalOps My favorite part about this deck, is how strong it is against RalOps. If you're lucky, you'll get Jedi Luke fist hand. Most likely, they'll deploy the spaceport docking bay to Raltiir. First turn deploy Jedi Luke at the Home One docking bay send him to the Raltiir docking bay for free. Bring in new waves of characters as needed. If they don't deploy they're own Docking bay, you have a Spaceport docking bay to deploy for them. Try to get Tala 1 or 2 with they're spy-pilot to the Raltiir system, and set up Close Air Support. Beezer will stop all reacts, and you should be able to generate enough to deploy your characters with ease. I'm proud to say that I have played 4 games against RalOps, and they I've won every one without them being able to flip.

Bring Him Before Me
I'm not sure how to play this, but I guess just play normally without Luke. I have to do some more playtesting. If you're scared of them converting Luke, add Our Only Hope.

Big Blue
This deck has a good sized space fleet. Drain on the groung with your scouts, and use Insurrection, Bacta Tank and your Scout pilots to your advantage.

Ops C'mon, Let's Keep A Little Optimism Here.

Court Obi and Luke go on Tatooine, and your scouts drain big on Endor. Should be an easy game.

TDIGWATT Haven't played against this yet, but your Scouts do cool things at Exterior sites, so I guess split between draining, and fighting them on CC.

Well, I think that's it Thanks for reading

Andy



'