---
layout: post
author: ! Julien "Dark Padawan" Riviere
title: ! "French Main&Toys"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-25
description: ! 'A Main&Toys which uses MWYHL against SAC and need tracking to win.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective
       Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can

Location (8)
       Cloud City Platform 327 (Docking Bay)
       Dagobah
       Dagobah Bog Clearing
       Dagobah Jungle
       Dagobah Swamp
       Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
       Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
       Home One Docking Bay

Characters (17)
       Chewbacca
     2 Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
       Harc Seff
       Lando With Blaster Pistol
     2 Leia With Blaster Rifle
       Luke Skywalker
       Luke With Lightsaber
       Melas
     2 Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
       Orrimaarko
       Tawss Khaa
     2 Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
       Yoda

Vehicles (3)
       Rogue 1
       Rogue 2
       Rogue 3

Starships (4)
       Artoo-Detoo In Red 5
       Gold Squadron 1
       Red Squadron 1
       Spiral

Interrupts (18)
       A Few Maneuvers
       Fall Of The Legend
     2 Fallen Portal
       Heading For The Medical Frigate (st)
       I Know
     2 Off The Edge
     2 On The Edge
     2 Rebel Barrier
       Skywalkers
       The Bith Shuffle
       The Signal
       Throw Me Another Charge
     2 Transmission Terminated

Effects (9)
       Bacta Tank
       Do, Or Do Not (st)
       Insurrection (st)
       Order To Engage
       Squadron Assignments
     2 What’re You Tryin’ To Push On Us?
       Wise Advice (st)
       Your Insight Serves You Well  '

Strategy: '

(After reviewing Some cards are useless transmission terminated, skywalkers and bacta tank. Put instead 2 tunnel vision, another The signal and goo nee tay. So I can deploy fastly goo nee tay against m’iiyoom onith, BHBM and HDADTH. Tunnel vision give me higher chances to have my rogues or a specifies character/starship. In this way I think this deck is complete and have a good chance to win against all the decks types.)
-------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------------
(Start Squadron Assigment instead of Do, Or Do not against Ties.)
Nowadays, a main&toys should play either a lot of SAC either Mind What You Have Learned due to Bring Him Before Me. I’ve chosen MWYHL because when you play SAC you can’t always track (if you track a 6’s on the top you can’t sense of course).
So you must track to win with this deck
	-on/off the edge need a 6 or 5’s to be played. Wait until you have 2 on/off the edge to retrieve the first immediatly. Then track again the 6’s and the on/off the edge to redraw it. Another good tech is to play on/off the edge just before initiating a battle against a player who play first strike (you can retrieve it immediatly). I don’t play draw their fire because I play Order To Engage. Usually it is silly to play the both.
	-Fallen Portal must be played when you have tracked (you are sure you will kill the target and you can target Vader). Against BHBM you kill Vader and release Luke, it’s huge.

You should have noticed I love tracking it’s true and I think it’s the thing who makes you a good player. And you understand why I play Bith Shuffle...

My favorite light character in SWCCG is Wedge Antilles RSL. In an unique rogue with another pilot (even Harc Seff -) he cancel one battle destiny. The rogue are efficient no weapon, no you are beaten, no trample and the best, no duel 

The main strategy is to put all the mains on the same location and follow opponents with Order To Engage. If you play against a ground deck (BHBM, Hunt Down or Endor) put them on the ground and no in the space (just retrieve if he drains) and against a Space Deck (Tie) the 4 starships are huge together if you are careful (keep A few maneuver for weapon and track it to redraw it after). Don’t forget you can deploy rogue in the spiral for forfeiture in space. The Barrier are great to protect you everywhere (mainly against baron soontir fel in a tie deck). Bacta Tank is also great.

BHBM
	This deck is made to win against a such deck. The rogue protect you from the weapon and wedge from attrition (Sim Aloo is his only key to win). He can’t play SAC. Convert his Endor DB for move easily. Fallen Portal help you a lot if you track. Opponent will stack it so it can’t stack on/off the edge (perhaps one of them if he is lucky...)

Hunt Down
	See BHBM. Don’t forget to put luke in a rogue (he flips back and can’t duel). Use Transmission for Visage (spies are useless with the new card who pulls off Ephant Mon).

Endor
	Convert his DB and go to endor’s sites before he deploys Established Secret Base. Normally you can drain a lot on his sites (forest clearing, dark forest). When he has stacked ON/OFF The Edge you can go in space with the DB (normally you have cleared the ground).

Ties
	BE CAREFUL  You should first go on Wakeelmui. He should also come here due to his deploy +2 (so he can’t beatdown). Then go away and follow him with order to engage. Keep Barrier and A Few maneuvers in Hand.

For other matchings I haven’t playtested yet. The goal of this posted deck is also to show you the french style main&toys.

Any Suggests ?
Good Luck 
”Dark Padawan” the french padawan.



'