---
layout: post
author: ! Nick "JediBrain" Stefanko
title: ! 'Run With It!'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-01
description: ! 'This deck uses Kessel Runs for constant retrieval and hits your opponent with big drains.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'LOCATIONS - 9
Anoat
Coruscant
Kashyyyk
Kessel
Kiffex
Raithal
Tatooine
Rendezvous Point
"Hidden Base" system

CHARACTERS - 16
Admiral Ackbar
Bren Quersey
Chewbacca
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Hol Okand
Lando With Blaster Rifle
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Lieutenant Lepira
Luke Skywalker
Theron Nett
Tycho Celchu
Wedge Antilles
Melas
Ralltiir Freighter Captain (x2)
Rayc Ryjerd

STARSHIPS - 16
Artoo-Detoo In Red 5
Gold 4
Gold 6
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Gold Squadron Y-wing (x3)
Home One
Independence
Medium Bulk Freighter (x4)
Millennium Falcon
Spiral
Tantive IV

OBJECTIVE - 1
Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip Through Your Fingers

ADMIRAL’S ORDERS - 2
Capital Support (x2)

EFFECTS - 11
Do, Or Do Not
Haven
Kessel Run (x7)
Squadron Assignments
Traffic Control

INTERRUPTS - 5
All Wings Report In
Organized Attack
The Signal (x3) '

Strategy: '

Starting stuff
Hidden Base/SWSTYF, Rendezvous Point, The Signal for Haven

Object of deck
Starting Haven on Rendezvous Point allows you to crank out your forces for practically nothing and allows to you spread out and get in early damage against your opponent before they can save up enough Force to deal with you.
Basic strategy spread out and Force drain at all systems.  Quersey, Okand, and Lepira at their respected systems will enhance the drains post-flip.  Although staying off the ground is a good idea, Han + Chewbacca and a few others can be used for surgical strikes.  Although the deck is very light in the red sector, this should not affect your game.
Playing this right, if you are losing quite a bit of Force per turn (to drains, direct damage, etc.), then you can pull off a Kessel Run from Rendezvous Point every turn for 5 a shot.  Use The Signal to pull them out, plus Squadron Assignments.  Capital Support will keep your Medium Bulk Freighters, Mon Cals, and Corvettes afloat if piloted.  After flipping, you should outlast your opponent thanks to constant retrieval and easily win the drain race.  You won’t be set back at all by getting probed out; the design is based around damage absorption, retrieval, and retaliation.
If playing against TIEs or any other sort of DS space deck, be careful.  You shouldn’t spread your forces thin; hold Kessel mightily and conduct careful strikes against your opponent if you cannot handle their drains.

Why This?
starting Haven instead of Do, Or Do Not + Squadron Assignments With 2 extra The Signals running through the deck, pulling these effects won’t be a problem.
no Ralltiir Secret Plans could hamper your retrieval engine seriously.  Retrieving a little at a time is the best approach.
if no Ralltiir, why 2 Captains? they’re smugglers, and provide 2 ability, which will aid in drawing battle destiny at all systems I control.
light on the red I chose to go with fast setup over red heavy.  With the raw power of the deck, this lack shouldn’t be crippling.
'