---
author: Michael "admiralpiett" Sneed
title: 'The Match Game'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-04
description: 'Just wait and see.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

START (6)
Hidden Base/SYSTYF
Rend. Point
[Aquaris]
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Wise Advice
Squadron Assignments

LOCATIONS (6)
Aquaris
Anoat
Ralltiir
Kiffex
Kashyyyk
Raithal

SHIPS (10)
Red Squadron 1
Millenium Falcon
Artoo-Detoo In Red 5
Red 7
Red 8
Red 10
Gold 4
Gold 6
Home One
Grey Squadron 1

CHARACTERS (13)
Elyhek Rue
Hol Okand
Boushh
Jeroen Webb
Lieutenant Blount
Colonel Cracken
Lieutenant Lepira
Bren Quersey
Theron Nett
Wedge Antilles, RSL
Captain Han
Luke Skywalker
Kin Kian
Colonel Salm
Tycho Celchu

INTERRUPTS (11)
Tunnel Vision
Out Of Nowhere
Houjix
The Signal
Rebel Barrier x2
A Few Maneuvers
It Could Be Worse x2
Hyper Escape
Organized Attack

EFFECTS (9)
Traffic Control
Undercover x2
Legendary Starfighter
Projection Of A Skywalker x2
WYTTPOU? x2
Order To Engage

WEAPONS (1)
X-Wing Laser Cannon

ADMIRAL'S ORDERS (2)
I'll Take The Leader x2

Strategy: 

UPDATE: First of all, I have to thank everybody for rating my deck.  Your input is very valuable to me, and I already have some ideas of how to improve my deck.
Sorry about the funky typing job on the strategy.  For some reason, that happened when I used my grandparent's Word Processor and cut/pasted it onto the strategy.
Now, to everyone who said I should use suicide EPPs: You're absolutely right.	However, because my brother was using all the EPP Obi's, I had no access to them; EPP Luke is okay, but I like Farmboy Luke w/R2inR5 better; EPP Han's no good, cause Capt. Han's better; EPP Leia is probably better than Boussh, just never thought of using her.	To the guy that said this has no SAC defense, I start Wise Advice and have 2 grabbers; that's all the SAC defense I'm gonna need.  Besides, nothing to important isn't immune already; Legendary Starfighter can't be cancelled, Houjix can't be cancelled, and, most importantly (however obvious it may be), the Admiral's Orders and Squad. Assignments can't be cancelled.  To those that said I need Insurrection, I see your point, but I have 2 problems: 1) what do I take out? and 2) How often is opponent going to draw a 6 or 7 battle destiny to overcome my immunity?

Now, back to the regular strategy.

IMPORTANT: Before reviewing this deck, please show me the courtesy of reading my strategy.
I know its' extremly long, I just am trying to show everyone just how good it is.

First off, to make everything a little easier for people that dont normally play w/SE scrub
pilots, heres what each do (MP=matching pilot):

Lieutenant Lepira - MP for Gold 4; works at Anoat
Theron Nett - MP for Red 10; works at Ord Mantell (also a smuggler)
Bren Quersey - MP for Red 8; works at Raithal
Hol Okand - MP for Gold 6; works at Kashyyyk
Elyhek Rue - MP for Red 7; works at Ralltiir

All SE pilots, when aboard their ships, are immune to attrition <4 and each add a power
destiny.  When at their systems, they each add 1 to force drains there.  When their ships
are deployed to their systems, they retrieve 1 force if a Y-Wing or deploy for free if an
X-Wing.  Just wanted to clear that up.

What this deck really does it rule in space with staying power to hold your systems, all the
while overwhelming your opponent's space fleet with massive power, force drains, and
direct damage.

Okay, start your normal HB stuff; I chose Aquaris simply out of personal preferance, you
make it whatever you want.  Depending on what opponent is playing and what you have in
your starting hand, start pulling your systems and start parking your pilot/ship combos (via
Squad. Assignments).  For instance, if opponent started ROps, pull Ralltiir and park
Elyhek Rue/Red 7 and whoever else youve got (DSII Wedge would be best).  Otherwise,
just pull Aquaris, drop a ship and pilot, and activate a ton.  I usually give myself 9
activation on my second turn (that would require a system from hand and a ship at
Aquaris); not too shabby for a HB deck (esp. since thats not counting icons opponent
gives me).  It only gets better the more systems you pull; all except for Ralltiir (which Ill
explain later) are 2 LS icon systems.  What this means is that after I have all my systems
out, Ill be giving myself 16 force activation (17 if Lukes on Red 5).  Put that together
with the incredibly cheap deploy cost of the starfighters (all the Reds deploy free to their
systems), and you have a deck that can easily cycle through itself and set up some nasty
combos.
The fun doesnt stop there.  After you have everything set up, drains become a serious
problem for the Dark Side.  If gone uncontested, Ill easily drain for 2 at every system, and
3 at one if I get Kian going.  What this does is make my opponent come to me, thus
sealing his own fate.  What can you do to stop these drains?  Battle Order?  That wont
hurt much, since I activate so much.  Search And Destroy?  Only a drain of two, I can
stop it with ICBW.  You gonna out-drain me on the ground?  Come on.  I have 4 spies, 2
Undercovers, 2 ICBWs, 2 POASs, and the Hidden Base objective.  Anyways, if/when
opponent does decide to come to space, you can easily handle him.  Throw down Ill Take
The Leader; I cant emphasize this enough.  With this down, each of your ships are
immune to attrition <6; R2 in R5, Red Squad. 1, and Falcon, <7; and Home One <10!
Dont forget that each SE pilot aboard their ships adds a power destiny, which is huge in
this deck, cause the average destiny is massive.  Its not uncommon to battle opponent
w/Red 7, Red 8, and Grey Squad. 1 (not nearly my best fighting force, mind you) and
draw 5 and 7 for power destinies, 5 for battle.
When opponent starts running (which is inevitable), the direct damage starts to kick in.
Through down Legendary Starfighter on Falcon or R2 in R5, and Order To Engage and
follow opponent around.  This is best done with DSII Wedge, Luke, and Capt. Han.  This
crew is unstoppable.  5 force loss a turn is hard to deal with, especially since the Dark Side
has no way of reducing it.

Now for specific cards strats.:
Spy pilots (Tycho/Jeroen/Blount/Cracken):  These guys have to be the most versatile
players in my deck.  They easily turn my Gold 4 or 6 into a wrecking crew; 1 battle
destiny, 1 power destiny, power of 6, immune to attrition <6.  They also help me sneak
into the Holotheater to stop Visage, sneak into the Death Star for an easy drain, etc.	On
top of that, you can throw Undercover on each of them to stop ground drains (incredibly
annoying for opponent).  They also each have special little abilities: Blount and Cracken
are ISB hate; Jeroen works w/Salm or DSII Wedge to subtract from opp. battle destiny;
and Tycho can go on an empty X-Wing after its pilot got not out, draw BD anywhere.

Hyper Escape: Evil combo w/OTE, plus its great if you want to spread your drain pilots
thin.

Houjix: for my spies at Holotheater, and if I decide to attack opponents site w/them
(Tycho and Cracken=battle destiny, forfeit of 8 and power 5, not bad).

Organized Attack: Recirculating destiny=5 (even if Sensed), great if Ill Take The Leader
not on table or opponent has tracked destinies.

Rebel Barriers: Beatdown and beatdown prevention; also stops from opp. probing too
much.

Kian and Salm: While they arent SE pilots, they both pull out and work on GS1.	Salm is
great if you drew your only Houjix or just mis-tracked; Kian adds insult to injury in the
drain race.  Oh yah, and if you actually happen to run into a Dark operative deck, Salm
will win you the game.

Only 1 X-Wing Laser Cannon?: Well, for one thing, the deck is tightly packed-I dont
have nearly enough room to put in more.  Its really in there only as a beatdown tool and
an anti-ZinMH + Sec. Prec. combo.

Home 1: With the activation I get, the LS Executor is easily deployed.	This things a
beast in space!

Tunnel Vision: Another beatdown tool.  Especially useful when I need just one more
pilot/ship combo to beat opponent.  A necessity in any high activation LS deck, i.m.h.o.

Ralltiir: A very underrated system.  Oftentimes, opponent will forget your text, try and
beat you down, and get whupped because I can react.  Also very helpful against ROps.
Besides, Elyhek Rue works there anyway.

How to play it against certain deck types:

BHBM: There are 2 ways to play against this: either give him Luke right away and make
sure not too lose many battles (not that hard), or keep Luke in space and just suck up the
Your Destiny force loss.  I tend to lean toward the latter, since Ive got 2 ICBW and these
decks never have to much draining potential.  Be careful not to spread out too much, and
use those grabbers to keep his SAC from overwhelming you.  However, even if it does get
through, nothing he can cancel is that important (esp. since youre gonna get it right back
with your activation and Wise Advice.)	Undercover Spies, flipped obj., and ICBW will
take their toll on his ground forces.  This could be a tough match up, but definately one
you can win.

Court: Laugh in their face.  Their BH ships are absolutely lame when you get Ill Take
The Leader out, and an Undercover spy will satisfy their obj. damage.

ROps: Probably the toughest matchup, esp. with the activation of post-DSII ROps.
Convert his Ralltiir and hold it w/Elyhek Rue and DSII Wedge; if he tries to deploy to the
system and land his starfighter, Barrier him to his doom.  Next turn, beat the living crap
out of him.  With you massive space fleet, he wont be able to ever control 2 systems for
Imp. Decree.  Remember, the site drains are easily stopped with obj. and Undercover
spies.	Try also to pump up your immunity as much as you can by getting out your Ill
Take The Leader, since he will add to battle destiny if he flips.  If you play it right, ROps
can still be defeated.

TIE Interceptor swarm:	This is actually much easier than it looks.  With your spy pilots,
you can easily sneak into Wakeelmui, cancelling Sienar Fleet Systems and making their
TIEs deploy for a crapload.  Those spies can also sneak into the Death Star if they start
SYCFA, which is what most do.  On top of that, those Interceptors are easily reduced to
jack crap when you get Ill Take The Leader out, and none of them have hyperspeed
(including the Sabers).  Remember, your starfighters are not easily shot down, especially
with A Few Maneuvers handy.  Baron Soonter Fel?  Wedge and a Red buddy will take
care of him.  Oh yah, and grab their All Power To Weapons.

ISB: Blount at Coruscant means their objective does nothing for them, and Ill overwhelm
them with massive drains.  If the play the old Sunsdown on a system, Cracken will stop
them cold.  Just watch out for Pol Treidium, and you should handedly defeat this deck.

Hunt Down: Spies kill Visage; I dont use Honor Of The Jedi cause I couldnt contest
him if he occupied 3 bg sites.	With Visage gone, theyre only method of damage will be
Search and Destroy, just keep tracking your ICBWs and draining; they wont be able to
stop that.  This shouldnt be too hard.

Thats all I can think of, remember, a lone SE pilot in his ship at any system will usually
have a power of about 9 with power destiny alone.  I am open to all CONSTRUCTIVE
criticism; thanks in advance for the reviews! 