---
layout: post
author: Jared "Don_Yoda" Arthur
title: 'The Way of a Jedi'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-10
description: 'This is a combination of many training decks I have seen and played with over the years.  I believe this is a good way to train and to beat your opponent.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 


* may denote a switch in starting

Starting (6)

Mind What you have Learned
Dagobah
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Wise Advise
The Way of Things
Battle Plan*

Jedi Tests (6)

Jedi Tests 1-6

Locations (5)

Yoda’s Hut
Bog Clearing
Jungle
Training Camp
Cantina

Characters (13)

EPP Obi-wan x2
EPP Luke
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Daughter of Skywalker x2
Captain Han Solo
EPP Han Solo
Yoda
Boshek
Melas
Tawss Khaa
Orimaarko

Starships (5)

Artoo in Red 5 x2
Falcon x2
Home One

Interrupts (12)

Star Destroyer x2
Signal x3
Alter x2
On the Edge x3
Punch It
Transmition Terminated

Effects (9)

Legendary Starfighter
Your Insights Serve you Well*
Honor the Jedi
Traffic Control
What're You Trying to Push On Us
Yoda's Hope
Anger Fear Aggression x3

Device/Weapons (4)

Intruder Missile
Bionic Hand
Luke’s Backpack
Luke’s Lightsaber


Strategy: 


Alright, this is a basic training deck.  Like all other Dagobah decks you want to try and complete Jedi Test 5 as quick as possible and Flip so you can pull out You Must Confront Vader.

In this deck I would train Daughter of Skywalker and let Luke roam free, especially if the dark side is doing turn Luke Objective.

There are 6 Destiny 7s in the deck, it really doesn't matter which one you get on, but Artoo in Red 5 gives you more leeway, its better against the dark side turn luke deck and for your alters. what you can do is beat vader in the duel, and then use your destiny 0 for the after duel destiny, they have to beat you 5 times in battles, if the dark side does that, you deserve to lose.

The ships in the deck are enough, because you will get destiny and have enough to beat down whatever challenges you, and be sure to use Legendary Starfighter if you have it, that will speed up the game for you.  Destiny adders are also a saving grace.

Honor the Jedi also covers a lot of ground, if the dark side starts Hunt Down for some reason, start Your Insight Serves you Well, pull out Honor the Jedi by sacking it.

That is pretty much it, it doesn't take a lot to play a Dagobah deck, just concentration
"Control, control, you must learn Control"
Good luck with the deck if you deside to use it, I'll let you know if I make any changes down the road.