---
layout: post
author: ! Jeremy "jerome" LaMere
title: ! "ROps Control"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-08
description: ! "This deck uses Ralltiir Operations along with utility cards to control the game."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Ralltiir Operations/In The Hands Of The Empire

Locations (11)
Ralltiir
Forest
Jungle
Swamp
Death Star
Coruscant
Kashyyyk
Executor Meditation Chamber
Hoth Ice Plains
Hoth Wampa Cave
Dagobah Cave

Characters (14)
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x 2
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
Grand Moff Tarkin
Admiral Ozzel
Commander Igar
Commander Nemet
Lieutenant Arnet
Lieutenant Cabbel
Lieutenant Watts
Major Marquand
Navy Tooper Vesden
Officer Evax
Dengar With Blaster Carbine

Weapons (2)
Vader's Lightsaber
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Vehicles (5)
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 6

Starships (5)
Devastator
Vader's Personal Shuttle
Boba Fett In Slave I
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Zuckus In Mist Hunter

Interrupts (13)
Alter x 2
Evader x 2
Trample x 2
Imperial Barrier
Masterful Move
Monnok
Shocking Revelation
Torture
Twi'lek Advisor
You Are Beaten

Effects (9)
Bad Feeling Have I
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward
Crush The Rebellion
Imperial Arrest Order
Oppresive Enforcement
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay x 2 '

Strategy: '

This deck uses ROps to control the flow of the game. After the flip, you are able subtract from drains and battle with an added advantage. Also, once flipped, you will be able to search for any card in your deck that you may need.

Card analysis

Locations
Objecitve specific, and lots of twix sites for force activation. The Kashyyyk is there just in case I need a planet to satisfy Battle Order, plus it is a drain +1.

Characters
Utility characters. DLOTS (the reason for 2 is because I will be adding to battle destiny with the objective already so I might as well just have to chokers rather than one of each and he has immunity is why I don't use the EPP version), Tarkin, and Mara Jade are all strong. Igar kicks on Tempest 1. Nemet and Arnet for anti-react abilities. Ozzel and Evax have excellent stat ratios. Watts and Marquand to drive the AT-STs, plus they work well together. Dengar is a mad man, he can shoot vehicles and he shoots twice. Finally I have Vesden for a little bit of numbers protection.

Weapons
Slice and dice.

Vehicles
Tempest 1 rocks with Igar. TS1 with Arnet and has room for 2 pilots. TS2 for Watts and Marquand. TS3 has ability 2. And TS6 has cool react ability and has ability 2.

Starships
Slave I and Misthunter because they are starfighters that can't be clawed and have awsome abilities and stats. Bossk for adding destiny. Vader's shuttle for anti-Claw and ability 6 thing. Devastator for some added power, good stat ratio.

Interrupts
Alter because there are to many good effects that can be altered Savrip, Tank, OTE, Gimer Stick. Evader because I can forsee problems with revolution. Imperial Barrier, You Are Beaten, and Monnok because they are great utility cards. Masterful Move to get the Monnok, cancel Savrip, and it is a recyclable 6 that lets me look through my deck. Trample to stomp some wusses (chose it over Sniper because it is used and has a 4 destiny). Shocking Revelation for anti-Oola and easy recycler. Twi'lek to start with an effect. And even a Torture for added Numbers protection.

Effects
Bad Feeling to help avoid the main stomping. Battle Order vs. fast drain decks, mainly Operatives. CHYBC to force interaction and anti-retreval. Crush anti-Clash and Revo. IAO for high forfeit on my pilots and to prevent Nabrun beats. Security Precautions for anti-HB and extra force activation. Grabbers are a must in any deck these days.

The deck is a thinking deck. You have to identify a deck type and get the cards out of your deck to defeat that deck type. You can't over deploy to Ralltiir because it is to slow to try and move everything with ships. You can't over draw because there is no Reactor Terminal. And you have to be patient to set up all the little mini-combos.

Good luck, and thanks for any feedback.  '