---
layout: post
author: Mike "OQrygg" Merletto
title: 'Clouds Of Cheese'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-06-06
description: 'DS Dagobah Clouds deck'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting: (5)
Imperial Occupation/IC
Dagobah
Forest
Twi*lek Advisor
Your Eyes Can Deceive You

Locations: (12)
Big One x4
Clouds x6
Jungle
Swamp

Characters: (13)
Darth Vader x2
M*iiyoom Onith x2
Mara Jade, The Emperor*s Hand
Mosep x2
Tibanna Gas Miner x5
U-3P0 (Yoo-threepio)

Starships: (10)
Lambda-Class Shuttle x5
Obsidian 7
Obsidian 8
Obsidian Squadron TIE
OS-72-1 in Obsidian 1
OS-72-2 in Obsidian 2

Interrupts: (13)
Abyssin Ornament x2
Control x2
Dark Manuveurs x2
Masterful Move
Monnok
Tallon Roll
Torture x2
Twi*lek Advisor x2

Effects: (5)
Presence Of The Force x2
Reactor Terminal
Secret Plans
There*ll Be Hell To Pay

Weapons: (2)
Mara Jade*s Lightsaber
Vader*s Lightsaber 

Strategy: 

CARD CHANGES:
Switch one Abyssin Ornament to a Short Range Fighters
Switch one Clouds to an Evader/Monnok
Switch one Dark Manevuers to a Crush The Rebellion
Switch one Dark Manevuers to a There Is No Try/Oppressive Enforcement


This deck uses Big Ones to get the Lambda Shuttles to transport your Miners, Mosep, and M*iiyoom Onith down to drain on the ground. The Lambdas go back up to the Clouds to drain with the Obsidians with bonuses galore from the Miners.

Some specific cards:
Big One - Let*s me get to Dagobah

Control - Protects my effects and interrupts, and cancels drains.

Dark Manevuers - Nice recycling 6; great with Tallon Roll

Lambda Shuttles - Land for free; destiny 4

M*iiyoom Onith - Slows down the opponent somewhat

Tallon Roll - Helps out some in the Clouds with the Obsidians

Your Eyes Can Decieve You - Great card in this deck; even better when Mosep is down at the middle Dagobah site. If you forgot this text, it turns the opponent*s Lost Pile face down and when he loses cards from Reserve (Mosep) he cannot view them.

This deck can be slow to set up, but by abusing Imperial Occupation every turn to check where all your needed cards are, it can become much quicker.

Battle Order and Ultimatum give this deck trouble. Battle Order is only a slight problem, since you won*t have much to spend your force on once you*re done setting up, you can just pay for your drains. Ultimatum, on the other hand, hurts badly, but most LSs around my area use Don*t Forget The Droids instead of Ultimatum for #s protection.

I*d like any constructive critisism you have for this deck. Thanks!

