---
author: Ryan "heinekin" Hase
title: 'Undefeated invitational Harvest'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-06-07
description: 'This deck controls the board and gives you a side of retreival to sit back on'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations: (5)
Tatooine: Obis Hut
Tatooine: Lars Farm x2
Tatooine: Tosche Station
Tatooine: Jabbas Palace

Characters: (19)
Ben Kenobi x4
EPP Obi
EPP Luke x2
EPP Han x2
EPP Leia
Chewbacca
Owen Lars x2
Beru Lars x2
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Bo Shek
Oola

Devices / Weapons: (3)
Obis Saber x2
Landing Claw

Starships:  (3)
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Red Leader in Red 1
Millennium Falcon

Effects:  (3)
Battle Plan
Draw Their Fire
Uncontrollable Fury

Interrupts:  (27)
Sense x5
Alter x3
Harvest x3
Grimtaash x2
Tunnel Vision x3
Nabrun Lieds x2
Glancing Blow
Clash of Sabers
The Signal
Careful Planning
Sorry about the mess
Weapon Levitation
Smoke Screen
Courage of a Skywalker
Transmission Terminated


Strategy: 

This is the deck that I used at the comic con invitational of San Diego last year.  Its predated to ECC and EJP but I dont think it needs any of the cards from those series.  The deck won all 3 of its regular games, and beat on Clayton Atkins DS Mains on Tatooine with SAC beatdown deck, thus going undefeated at an 80 man event, so I know it packs some punch.  I just found it in one of my old TRs and felt Id share with everyone!

All night long this deck beat on those mains, which is just about the only viable dark deck... I suppose a good SFS / TIE deck would have ripped me, but I could still keep it close.  If youre looking at the deck and wondering HOW does it win, then pay attention to the sense / alter power.  Having control of the board and making sure that YOUR interrupts goes through basically clenches every battle, especially with Ben on the table.  You shouldnt be losing any battles soon on the ground.

Basically I just sit behind Battle Plan until something makes me go out of my way.  Otherwise I just activate at the Toshce station and use those tunnel visions to get all of the key cards.  The deck is all about patience and finesse, just wait for the opening... and be weary of those grabbers when playing harvest.  Lemme know whatcha think!


UPDATE:  Grabbers will not phase the deck.  2 out of the 4 games I played at the con, harvest was grabbed on the first or second go around.  If it's grabbed it's no big deal.  8 force retreived is huge, and it's so easy to get.	The deck does not rely on harvest, try to see that. 