---
layout: post
author: ! Chris "Artwo" Fanchi
title: ! "What the Tauntauns"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-17
description: ! 'Docking bay mains with a twist.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (5)
Tatooine Obi-Wan’s Hut
Staging Areas
Insurrection
Squadron @#$%ignments
HFTMF

Locations (8)
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Cloud City Docking Bay
Endor Back Door
Endor Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Docking Bay
Spaceport Docking Bay

Characters (17)
Ben Kenobi x2
Biggs Darklighter
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk
Colonel Craken
Daughter of Skywalker
General Calrissian
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol x2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x2
Orrimaarko
Princess Leia
Red Leader
Tycho Kelchu
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Tawss Khaa

Weapons (2)
Anakin’s Lightsaber
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber

Vehicles (3)
Tauntaun x3

Starships (6)
Artoo-Detoo in Red 5
Gold Squadron 1
Green Squadron 3
Liberty
Red Squadron 1
Tala 1

Effects (6)
Mantellian Savrip
Order to Engage
Revolution x2
What Are You Trying To Push On Us
Wise Advise

Interrupts (13)
Alter x3
Houjix
Rebel Barrier
Sense x5
The Signal x2
Weapon Levitation '

Strategy: '

If you have any suggestions as to how to fit in Honor of the Jedi and/or Menace Fades, please d-mail me. Now on to the strategy

------------------------------------------------------------

This deck is pretty much you normal, everyday docking bay mains deck, with one major change Tauntauns. These guys are the unsung heroes of this deck. They’re like Arconas, which we all know and love, and yet better. They can cover larger distances than the Arcona, having a landspeed of 2, and they are immune to Sniper when being targeted by lightsabers because they are vehicles. The only catch is that they have to have a rider.
There’s the reasoning behind the tauntauns. Next, the big thing this deck does is that it can force drain big without using bonus, and even bigger with them. With Back Door, Cantina, and Downtown Plaza, you don’t have to worry about Imperial Decree ruining your day. This deck is built to be strong, to get out characters quickly and fortify your big drain locations. With Ben, you can revive you casualties, which will be your 2-2 pilots. With Savrip, you can keep your forces in-tact on the ground (or ion space) and simply chuck something useless (like a tauntaun) from hand.
There is reasoning behind many of the other cards, too.
Red Leader a 2-2 pilot with a nasty forfiet of 7. Get him on Liberty and you’ve got another Red squadron pilot to fly into battle with Wedge (and cancel their destiny, of course).
Revolution This card can be quite a thorn in you opponents’ side. Simply sit Ben at home with a Revolution and you’ve got an easy 3 drain (4 with his lightsaber) and you’re well fortified. Another use of this multi-facated effect is, of course, flipping the Holotheater against Hunt Down. Suddenly you can get all of your friendly mains running around on the Executor. Once you’re aboard, just Alter the Revolution and drain happily for 2 at the theater. OR if that doesn’t float your boat, Revolve their Executor Docking bay and take contol of their ship from elsewhere. Plus, they get the nifty +9 transit fee. Word of Caution Don’t play your Revolutions if they start with Crush the Rebellion. Only play them when you’re confident that you can alter Evader.
Princess Leia Moves as a react to a battle in volving Luke or Han. Big fun.
Next, let’s look at some matchups
VS. Hunt Down
A tricky one, but shouldn’t be too much of a problem. Simply get one of your nifty spies to the Holotheatre and cancel Visage. If they’re playing Ephant, just Revolve the theatre and beat him down with your mains. If all else fails, transit over and cancel the damn thing. Secondly, stay away from Vader unless you’re totally confident that they aren’t going to duel you. Otherwise, let Vader have his site and send Luke elsewhere. If you can safely isolate Ben and drain with him, then do it and send Luke into space to have fun on Red 5.
VS. Ral Ops
Give them a headache with the Spaceprt docking bay. Bring over your mains and make them pay on the ground. Use Kelchu or Craken to deploy to Ralltiir and take control. Not too tough. If all else fails, get to your big drain sites and wait for them to slip up. Use the tauntauns to control their drains and stick ’em with Order to Engage.
VS. TIE Swarm
I, fortunately, don’t deal with this one in my area, so you’re pretty much on your own. I’d suggest just spreading and draining on the ground and beatdown in space if possible, being sure that there’s a docking bay to retreat to.
VS. BHBM
Just beat em up. Simple enough. Give them Luke early and be ready to Sense Circle. Use Ben sparingly.
VS. Endor Ops
No problem. Full strength beatdown. ’Nuf said.
VS. Dark Deal
A tricky one, but do-able. Get the db and the tauntauns going quickly and build up force to bring over your mains. If they’re playing Bad Feeling, just play Ben for cheap at home and Alter the damn card.

Sorry that it’s been such a long article. Hope you enjoy the deck and thanks for reading/reviewing her.

Chris ”Artwo” Fanchi	'