---
layout: post
author: Kyle "BurstGoat" Szklenski
title: 'My original favorite LS deck'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-05-10
description: 'No matter what anyone says, I started the OMDH retrieval engine. Look back in the decks (or to mine!) and see how early I did it! It wasn't a good deck then, but it's refined quite a bit.'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

Start (4):
Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip Through Your Fingers
Rendezvous Point
marker
Signal
an effect (usually Wise Advice for some reason)

Locations (7):
Alderaan
Bothawui x2
Chandrila
Ralltiir
Tatooine
Tibrin

Characters (15)
BoShek
Captain Han Solo  x2
Colonel Feyn Gospic
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2
Luke With Lightsaber  x3
Momaw Nadon
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x2
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa

Starships (9)
Millennium Falcon  x2
Red 6
Red 9
Spiral
Tantive IV
YT-1300 Transport  x3

Interrupts (14)
Alter  x2
Glancing Blow
Houjix
Hyper Escape  x2
I Know
Out Of Nowhere
Sense  x4
The Signal  x2

Effects (11)
Draw Their Fire
Eject! Eject!
Goo Nee Tay
Mantellian Savrip
Our Most Desperate Hour  x4
Projection Of A Skywalker
Undercover
Wise Advice 

Strategy: 

This deck retrieves, battles on ground mainly, but can Savrip in space fairly well, and uses Tibrin's excellent GT to get cards back. Be careful in space, as it's not too powerful there. Don't worry about flipping either. It's not a drain deck! Some examples of gameplay (note: in all situations, if Come Here You Big Coward is out, then be at some battlegrounds, and if Secret Plans is out, just save up enough force to pay for the retrieval!):

VS ROps - I usually pull Ralltiir first turn and deploy a bunch of ships/guys there once I have enough force to do so. I also cement one of the sites with the EPP/Savrip combo and Sense any nasty Reacts/Masterful Moves. Eject! Eject! their nastiest BHS.

VS Hunt Down - I'm not worried about Visage, hence only one spy to kill it. I'd worry more about killing Vader quickly so they stay on their own side, while you retrieve away.

VS Endor Ops - it's hard to say. If they flip, your Super Falcon is no longer quite so super. It's hard, but you'll have to fight back some of their sites and hopefully block their drains in space and running away with Hyper Escape (or Houjixing damage)

VS anything else - beat them down on ground and retrieve when you can. It's fairly simple, really.

Notes:
I need more space probably! Most of you will bicker about that. Don't forget to pay for the retrieval if you have to. Sense and Alter are there to screw Reacts and any nasty interrupts. Good luck!  