---
layout: post
author: ! Jake "NeDraco" Rich
title: ! "Who’s My Daddy v1 8"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-26
description: ! 'It’ a beast updated and upgraded. Scouts, Aliens, and EPPs oh my Why is there blood leaking in the whole in my side? Pardon my poetry:)'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(10)
TIGIH/ICSH
EndorChief Chirpas Hut
EndorLanding Platform
Luke Skywalker, JK
Luke&#8217;s Lightsaber
I Feel The Conflict
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Wise Advice
Staging Areas
Insurection

Characters(20)
Obi-Wan with Lightsaber x2
Leia with Blaster Rifle x2
Han with Heavy Blaster
General Solo
Chewie with Blaster Rifle
Lando with Blaster Pistol
Orrimaarko
Twass Khaa
Lieutenant Blount
Sergeant Brooks Carlson
Colonel Craken
Wedge Antilles
Elom x6

Ships(3)
Sprial
Tantive IV
Liberty

Effects(7)
WYTTPOU?
Traffic Control
Draw Their Fire
Bargaining Table
Aim High
Bacta Tank
Onee Tay

Interrupts(16)
Insertion Planning x3
I Know x2
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes
Slight Weapons Malfunction x2
Weapon Levitation
Sense x2
Glancing Blow
Fallen Portal x2
Tunnel Vision x2

Sites(4)
Home One Docking Bay
Cloud City Docking Bay
 Docking Bay
Endor Back Door  '

Strategy: '

Response to Stupid reviews

To me_myself_i

About the deck review. Did you not read the part about ask me any questions you had? Oh no my activation might be cut down the first turn to 2. Rops has the same activation problem but you never hear people whining about it. And on the second turn I will activate a minimum of 5 force not 3. And I have won 5 local tournament against some hi rated players ranging from 1918 to lower 1800’s. The SAC war is not a problem in this deck. They can Sense my stuff and I get it back it might screw me for a battle but that will happen to everyone at somepoint in time not matter what deck the are playing, So all I have to so I grab their Sense and they will start to falter in the things that they sense and once Reflection 2 comes out I can play Wise Advice/Do or Do not.


To Worra

That is wonderful that you play BHBM but don’t rate he deck 2 1/2 just because you do. And that is good that you cut my force generation to 2 on my first turn. Well guess what you get to lose 2 force until you get a Vader down. And the reason I put if you going to rate it less then a 5 put a reason is exactly for you cause assentally you said that because I play BHBM this deck sucks.


To The5thBeatle

Ahem you do realize what the Obj says right. Well just incase you didn’t it says ”May Not Play Alter For The Remander Of The Game”. And TIE’s don’t eat me for Lunch. They are slow to start and I can pick on the less fortified sites with the three ships, which I can put characters on like Han and Leia because I Know also works in space.


It is 39-5 most of the losses are stupid mistakes or amazing luck on my opponents part. So if you are going to rate it less then 5 please d-mail me first an I’ll answer any questions that you might have
Okay guys here’s the stats on this beasty.
Average destiny with sites in 2.9
Average destiny with sites out3.2
(but those numbers don’t really reflect the draws you’ll be getting with all the tracking you’ll be doing.) And three of the 0 destinies come out within the first three turns.
Destiny Layout
0-4
1-10
2-6
3-9
4-14
5-4
6-3

Now on to the cool techiness this deck packs.
First off you want to pull the DBs out of you deck (duh) you don’t wan the zeros floating around. And only play the EndorBack Door if you need the force or you are in a drain race other then that lose it.
Next, scouts kick @ss use them in battles with Insertion Planning to kill their destiny draws, kinda sucks when that 6 or 7 you tracked gets reduced by three. And since it takes off the destiny it reduces their power as well which is a plus for you. And Cracken and Blount can pay the Emperor(providing the don’t get ZAPPED into some gray piles of there former selves) a visit in the Throne Room or cancel Visage.
More tech, you’re playing with Docking Bays and high destinies what card could you possibly use hmmm... Fallen Portal. Don’t fear leaving the singel Elom at the Home One Docking Bay( only do it if you know you can get away with it if they have a big pile of force don’t do it use some common sense. They’ll play Mara and maybe something else and battle you smile a play Fallen Portal and easily crush Mara or even Vader and leave their 2-2 scrub Imperials to get crushed by your mighty power 4 Elom which also gives you a card for Conflict.
Another cool little thing is put ECC Lando and a Elom or alien at the CC Docking Bay and you have well fortifed site were you can get 2 or three Batlle destinies(if you play Slight Weapons Malfunction) you can also play Fallen Portal and you can have a power of 4 or 7 depending on if they have anf imperial.(sonds pretty good to me.)
Thats about it for tech now to Statgety.
The key to using this deck is to let your opponent make the first move and then comence beatdown. Give them Luke ASAP other then that battle alot.

vs BHBM
This deck has never lost to a BHBM first off. and it usually ends up with me converting Vader. Try and keep Vader away from the Emperor and if that Fails beat down any characters he deploys and Insertion Planning helps remove the sting from Emperors Power. And the fact that TIGIH should be able to win against BHBM every single time just because of how the TIGIH stops alot of the hurting potentional that the DS Obj has against other decks.

vs HuntDown
This deck has only lost once to a huntdown deck and it was because I made some dumb mistakes and that he drew a blind destiny 7 which killed all of my guys. But basic just take over the Executor and drain there. Any characters they deploy give a beatdown to if they want to dual Obi let them, use Glancing Blow on top of the high destinies you get Vader will die.And if they are guarding the Visage with the Emperor or Ephont

vs Court
Eloms+ Bounty Hunters= dead Eloms don’t use em unless you can get away with it. Use the EPP’s and Scouts to dominate Tatooine . Keep Senses handy for Hidden Weapons. No duh I’ll save force how else am I supposed to play Fallen portal with First Strike out? And if Luke dies against Court It’s no biggy cause most court decks don’t play Vader, And once again Luke will be at the docking bay so if they battle with 4-LOM and IGGY, Fallen Portal splat 4-LOM and cut IGGY they hvae power 4+ destiny to your power 8+destiny you will most likely win and if you want to be really mean you can play Insertion Planning to screw them even more. I have never lost to a Court deck in all my days of playing TIGIH so don’t ever say this is weak. Court can’t keep up with the force generation and beatdown potentional that this deck has.

vs Set Your Course TIES
Start the Drain race use the Eloms at the Docking Bays for the extra force drains a reterival with NarShadda. Don’t play any ships until you can give them a beating and get away with it. You should be able to battle once or twice and get away with it. I have only lost once to a TIE deck and it was played by Charles”teacher”Hickey. And the Death StarDB combo dosens’t work because of Conflict which gives me the card that they would retreive with First Strike or Draw Their Fire. The same goes with Brangus Glee Super Star decks.

vs MKOS/FAI
Okay since your opponent is most likley going to be using all aliens your Eloms are going to be pretty much usless(boo hoo you big baby use the EPPs). They are most likely going to be playing their deck using Myo and Abyssians cause quite frankley they are the best. If the manage to flip their Obj. get out Endor Back Door ASAP and keep draining them there cause they will be more likely to cancel the drain rather then a battle destiny and you want to keep you Battle Destines flowing. I also added in the destiny adders(slight weapons malfunction) to slove BD’s getting canceled, also Han is the mad tech Docking Bay hunter is your opponent is very agressive plop han at a DB all alone but only if you have fallen portal and I Know in your hand save some force just incase of first strike. If they deploy and battle crush the low ability Abyssians or whatever else might hurt and play I Know. you should like the look on their face when they realize they just got screwed. Other then that there is going to be alot of battles which = alot of fun for you) And also you and to get out Aim High to hinder their reterival.And any one who says that this deck is week against MKOS is very wrong I have never lost to any varient of MKOS and some of the games have been against players ranging from the 1600-1900’s.

vs Rops
 Your’e playing with 6 Eloms, Twass Khaa, and Lando w/ pistol, After your opponent struggles to flip you can use Insertion Planning to cut the destiny draws, Hehe o yeah Onee Tay. Can you say screwed?

vs Any Other Type
Wait for them to make the first move. Attack as you see fit and use the docking bays to your advantage.

One final note upon completing the reading of this deck. When you rate it don’t tell me stupid things that I have already said. Don’t say that I will never beat MKOS or Court decks cause I have and will continue to do so.  And last don’t make little senarios about how to shutdown a card cause I saw this review where the guy said a deck wouldn’t work if he did a couple things that would involve the other guy just sitting back and letting him do it. So if you have some neat idea that you thinkl would screw the deck look at my list and stagety section to see if I covered it. If I haven’t just D-mail me and I’m sure i can tell you how I would take care of it.

Thanks for taking the time to read and review this any suggestions will be greatly appreciated.
-Jake
'