---
layout: post
author: ! brad "swccguy" eier
title: ! "Dont be a Endor Ops"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-08
description: ! "a pile of aliens and tatooine stuff used to support scrubby imps who drain in space......."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'objective(1)
endor operations/ i’ve never seen it flipped

locations(8)
endor
endor db
bunker
ds2 db
executor db
sullist
kiffex
rendeli

characters (13)
lord vader x 2
admiral piett
commander igar
admiral motti
general veers
admiral ozzel
ephant mon
chall bekan
outer rim scout
commander merrejek
mara jade the emperors hand x 2

admirals order (1)
were in attack position now

vehicles (4)
tempest 1
blizzard 1
blizzard walker
dune walker

ships (8)
executor
fett in slave 1
ig88 in ig2000
dengar in punishing one
bossk in hounds tooth
zuckuss in mist huunter
jabbas space cruiser
chimaera

interrupts (10)
trample
projective telepathy
imperial command x 3
twilek advisor x 2
prepared defenses
evader
set for stun

effects (13)
power of the hutt
omnius rumors
presence of the force x 2
mobilization points
imperial arrest order
battle order
perimeter patrol
crush the rebellion
oppressive enforcement
crossfire
there will be hell to pay x 2
'

Strategy: '

**TAKE OUT MOTTI AND PUT IN CHIRANEAU. HOW I MISSED HIM I DONT KNOW**

ok this looks like a pile cause it is, but hey it wins so what the hell.

anyway start the objective and crap, as well as preped defenses for 3 effects which vary from game to game.

basic play is set up drains in space by holding down the bunker w/elephant man and the db with guys and walkers. enforce the AO and battle when you can, drain and win.

ok cards
crossfire-lets you beat speeders when you have the sticks, and beat xwings when you have the starships out

power of hutt-pull ephant man, jabbas cruiser.

imp command-get your guys, add/cacncel destinys, cycle a desttiny. good.

crush-pull evader and cancel revo. also prevents getting raped by clash

ors/chall-pilot jabbas ship.

perimeter patrol- its basically imp barrier at the db, and cant get sensed.

potf- add to a drain or make the bunker a bg if needed.

set 4 stun- awesome when you track your destinys right. can tke out a jedi apprentice or a han on the falcon, ect..

walkers-hold the platform and enforce the ao. your guys do goofy stuff on walkers so its cool

the ao-it gives me immunity in space and makes my opponent lose force, so why not?


ok matchups
speeders- get out crossfire, drain in space and fight when you fell like it on the ground. battle order helps

xwings-enforce crossfire. fight in space and set up respectable drains on ground.use battle order

trm- ok you gotta switch it up bigtime. oppressive, crush and poth usually get started. set up patiently. grab sac or cycable destinys.
deploy in laarge groups and you should be able to win.

rst-setup in space and control endor. you shjould be able to fight them on ground and in space. fun interactive game but you got the cards that will help you pull it out.

tigih-get vader to luke. drain/fight/win.

mwyhl- use set 4 stun, projeective, trample and other goofy cards to slow them. you will win since imp command rapes the falcon. grab on the edge

ebo-fight in space, drain on ground. yu dont need decree. if its ketwol grab on the edge, and outlast him.

profit-tough match, fight on tat when you get your combos going. spread out and drain in space

well there you have it, it looks janky but is pretty cool, dmail me if u got questions

swccguy

peace











'