---
layout: post
author: Andy "RexBanner7" Klema
title: 'Wake Up!'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-20
description: ! 'Following my newfound tradition of naming decks after RATM songs, here is my run of the mill high destiny mains deck.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting 6
MWYHL
Dagobah
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Wise Advice
Insurrection
Staging Areas

Locations 6
Cloud City DB
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Home One DB
Hoth DB
Kessel
Tatooine DB

Starships 3
Home One
Indpendence
Spiral

Characters 17
Admiral Ackbar
Boussh
First Officer Thaneespi
EPP Han x2
Lando with Axe
EPP Leia
EPP Luke x2
Major Haash’n
Master Luke
Obi-Wan Kenobi
EPP Obi x2
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Yoda

Effects 6
Bacta Tank
Honor of the Jedi
I Hope She’s All Right
Order to Engage
What’re You Tryin’ to Push On Us? x2

Interrupts 20
Balanced Attack
Clash of Sabers
Fallen Portal x2
Free Ride
Gift of the Mentor
Keep Your Eyes Open
Off the Edge x2
On the Edge x2
Out of Commission
Run Luke Run
Shocking Information
The Signal
Trans. Term. x2
Tunnel Vision x2
Weapon Levitation

Weapons 2
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber x2
'

Strategy: '

*Edit note #1 I forgot to mention this in the strategy, so here it is; the reason I don’t use those destiny 6 floating interrupts is because they mess up any other tracking you might do, and if they get grabbed, then you have worthless cards floating around in your deck. I use interrupts like Shocking Information, Out of Commission, Free Ride, etc because they are useful cards besides the cycling 5, they don’t mess up your tracking at all, and they are grabber bait so your opponent doesn’t grab the Off/On the Edge cards, but since I only play with one of each, no dead cards are in my deck if it does get grabbed. Hope that explains it.*

*I made a mistake on the decklist. EPP Obi x2 should be Ben Kenobi x2.*

Well, here’s another failed attempt at a LS deck from me. Didn’t do poorly in testing or the tournament it played in (5-1 record, 2-1 in the tourney), but I just don’t like playing it. It’s not my style. So here it is for you to disect and see if you can’t help me a little. You should know how this deck works by now, so I won’t go through that. Instead, I’ll explain the card choices.

Balanced Attack Pulls Ackbar or Obi. Essential to setting up the Super Home One. Also a recylabel 4, which ain’t too bad.

Order to Engage About the only way that this deck can beat TIEs to be quite honest. Their retrieval beats yours, but this card hurts when you park the Home One in front of some ships. Need to fit Aim High in here somewhere.

Ben Kenobi I play the Tatooine Docking Bay, so why not? Besides, he can weild the stick and is too useful with all the Tatooine based Scum decks kicking around.

Master Luke See the above comment about all those Scum decks. And I don’t have any Jedi Lukes.

Why only 3 ships? Because that’s really all you need. Super Falcon is too card intensive for my tastes, plus I need those two on the ground. And I have nothing against RoC/MAiH.

Why so few sites? Cause that’s all you need as well. Easy activation, and they can all be pulled. Brilliant.

Why 2 Trans Term but no spies? Cause Ephant Mon is played more than HoloNet and Trans Terms don’t get beatdown afterwards.


Well, hope you enjoyed. Remember, constructive comments only, I don’t care what the stars are. Later all.  '