---
layout: post
author: ! Brady "masterbrady" Christel
title: ! 'Watch Out You Big Rocks!!'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-06-15
description: ! 'This deck is the new CPI obj from 3rd anthology.  (Set Your Course for Alderaan/The Ultimate Power In The Universe)  This is my own creation and I hope you like it.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective

	Set Your Course For Alderaan/The Ultimate Power In The Universe 

Locations

	Alderaan  
	Death Star  
 Death Star  Docking Bay 327	 
	Death Star Central Core x2
	Death Star War Room
	Death Star Level 4 Military Corridor
	Death Star Docking Bay
	Death Star Conference room
	Death Star Detention Block Corridor
	Yavin 4 x2
	Hoth
	Coruscant
	Kashyyyk
	Kiffex


Characters (13)

	Death Star Gunner x5
	DV, DLOTS
	Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
	Grand Moff Tarkin
	Niado Duegard
	R3-T6 x2
	Dengar With Blaster Carbine
	4-Lom with concussion rifle


Weapons and Devices(7)

	Blaster Rifle
	Imperial Blaster
	Dark Jedi Lightsaber
	Superlaser x3


Starships and Vehicles (8)

	Tie Defender Mark 1
	Dreadnaught
	Imperial Class Star Destroyer x5
	Death Star Assault Squadron


Interrupts and Effects (13)

	Bad Feeling Have I   
	Twi'lek Advisor   
	A Dark Time For The Rebellion x2
	It's Worse
	Put All Sections On Alert
	Imperial Arrest Order
	A Day Long Remembered  x2
	Reactor Terminal
	Wrong Turn
	Alter
	Maneuver Check

Epic Events (3)

	Commence Primary Ignition x3
'

Strategy: '

*** = starting

IMPORTANT, PLEASE READ EVERYTHING

I have made two CPI decks in the past and with 3rd Anthology coming out yesterday I decided that would be a great chance to make a CPI objective deck.	(I wanted to for a half year now.)

I have 3 superlasers in this deck because with activating a lot of force it's true that the gunners can get it out fast.  I agree with that... until too much force is activating and then you don't have a superlaser in your reserve deck.	I think this is overlooked by a lot of people and 3 is NOT too many.

This deck is a perfect deck for Set Your Course For Alderaan/The Ultimate Power In The Universe.  First you get Yavin 4 out as soon as you can and deploy
A Day Long Remembered.	If you cant get Yavin 4 or Hoth wait until the opponent lays a site and use A Dark Time For The Rebellion.  That will slow down the rebels and it will be hard for them to deploy Obi-Wan.  When you start Bad Feeling Have I Obi-Wan is deploy +2.  That's a total of +10 with A Day Long Remembered.  Or even 11 if you have Wrong Turn deployed	Of course as youre doing this you also want to be heading to Alderaan.	You also want to be deploying your Star Destroyers to the Death Star and move them to the draining systems like Kashyyyk, Coruscant, Kiffex, and Hoth.	Use your characters to use the bonuses at the Death Star like no battle damage, +1 for CPI for a leader at conference room, etc.  When youre done blowing up Alderaan you should head for Yavin 4 for the +3 for each site the rebels deployed.  Then if youre done with that go to Hoth to blow up.

	You can use all the left-over characters (everything but the gunners and R3-T6s) to battle Obi-Wan if he does get out and use your second A Day Long Remembered.

	Theres not any bonuses for Bounty Hunting but you can use Dengar and 4-LOM and take the captives to the Detention Block.

	I think this deck will do very good and it can beat almost any deck out there.

	Hope you enjoyed it and if anyone wants to talk about CPI strategy or anything else please leave me a message.
Thanks,
MasterBrady  '