---
layout: post
author: ! Charlie "Bad Player" Herren
title: ! "   beating of a lifetime"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-03-28
description: ! "This is the deck I used to win the Florida Grand Slam. It is a fairly standard throneroom mains deck."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'
Creatures (2)
Nudj  x2

Starships (3)
Spiral
Tantive IV
Millennium Falcon

Characters (16)
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Momaw Nadon
Tawss Khaa
Boussh
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Jeroen Webb
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Luke With Lightsaber  x2
Master Luke
Obi-Wan Kenobi	x3
Orrimaarko
Wedge Antilles

Weapons (2)
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber  x2

Effects (5)
Bacta Tank
Battle Plan
Mantellian Savrip
Order To Engage
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?

Interrupts (22)
Don't Forget The Droids  x2
Courage Of A Skywalker
Don't Get Cocky
Gift Of The Mentor
Glancing Blow
Smoke Screen
Transmission Terminated  x2
Careful Planning
The Signal
Alter  x2
Nabrun Leids
Out Of Commission  x2
Sense  x4
Shocking Information  x2

Unknown Type
Rendezvous Point
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Endor Chief Chirpa's Hut
Farm
Swamp
Tatooine Obi-Wan's Hut
Yavin 4 Massassi Headquarters
Yavin 4 Massassi Throne Room
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room
'

Strategy: '

This is the version of the deck I played a few weeks ago. I ended up pulling the 2 OOCs, an Obi-Wan Kenobi, and an Obi's Saber for an EPP Obi, Sorry About the Mess, Bith Shuffle and a Signal.
Here's a brief list of stuff that I'm considering adding to the deck
Harc Seff
Draw Their Fire
Skywalkers (to go in for Don't Get Cocky.. barrier protection)
Tunnel Vision x2
another drain site

Against every deck, start Y4 Throneroom , with Careful Planning for the Farm and Swamp.
General strategies
During your first couple of turns, you pull Nudjs from reserve. Be sure to check what is in your force pile, because getting locations early is a must. I tend to spend my first turn or two drawing for locations and characters. Basically, you want to beat down whatever you can and drain on your opponent's locations. Use your used interrupts, and track them for major damage.

Here are some more specific strats against different decks

vs. Ralltir Ops
This is a tough matchup, but it favors ThroneRoom. Get characters to Ralltir quickly. Most of the time(against the more experienced ROps players, anyway) , ROps won't start BFHI against this deck (it's usually either Oppressive Enforcement or Crush the Rebellion), so dropping characters to Ralltir won't be as hard. Use your twix locations to out-generate the ROps deck. Battle the ROps deck if they do flip, and Sense their reacts. Try to keep out of the desert, since some of the good ROps decks pack a Sandwhirl. Nabrun Leids and Order to Engage can help a lot in this matchup, as well.

vs. HuntDown duelling
This is possibly the toughest matchup. This requires a lot of patience. Cancelling Visage is very important. There are 2 anti-duel cards, but there are 4 senses, and plenty of 1s and 0s. Alter Reactor Terminal if you can. Bacta Tank, Savrip, and the CC site are all keys here. If you can get Luke/Obi to the Carbonite Chamber, that is a steady drain of 2, and the objective gets flipped back to the 0 side. Also, use the Swamp as a battleground as needed.

vs. COTVG start
If you get one of the 3 Obis in your opening hand, deploy him to the Audience Chamber. A lot of the time, you'll get a drain of 2 (or 3 if you get a saber, too) for a turn or two. Draw and deploy your twix sites, and then drop characters where needed. SAC helps to stop None Shall Pass/Barrier/Projective Telepathy.

vs. ISB
Order to Engage will be your best friend. Run the ISB agents around, Sense their attempts to Point Man/Alter your Order to Engage, and hit them hard when you can.

vs. TIEs
Draw for your Alters and ships. Use Bacta Tank/Savrip to help your ships stay in space. Sense the All Power to Weapons and Short Range Fighters. If they actually start Wakeelmui and SFS (very rare), then chances are good that you'll win, since you can alter the SFS if you get a first turn Obi/Alter.

vs. HuntDown beatdown/Big Blue, Dark Deal Objective,  or other Beatdown deck
Beatdown is the name of the game. Use Bacta Tank/Savrip, and take out as much as you can. The two destiny adders are huge here. IAO can prove to be a pain here, but a bouncing Luke could do a lot.

vs. Operatives
Order to Engage/Bacta Tank along with Battle Plan, your Shocks(if ops/manip), and DFTDs(if Ops/inserts) are key. Beatdown for what you can, then drain/chase for the rest.

Here's some reasons why I chose to include/exclude some of the cards I did
Oola- a lot of people play Shocking Revelation here (and most of those folks play with Secret Plans). Sense isn't always the answer, either. P

Civil Disorder- it is pointless to play this card if you aren't packing Oola (I think so, anyway).

Out Of Commission- this card can help a lot against HuntDown. It is easily recirculated, and against a deck packing heavy retrieval, it can remove some of the lost pile from play. It is also tractor beam defense (tractor beams are BAAAAAD).

Both Bacta Tank and Mantellian Savrip- if you get both of these on the table and protect them, you will not lose characters from the table EVER. Tank lost characters , pick character up from tank, and then either redeploy that character or pitch it to Savrip.

Lando with Gun- another gun, destiny adding text for Cloud City, and he's immune to None Shall Pass. He's good against Court, and pretty good against ROps (being an alien has its advantages).

That should cover it. If you have any questions on this deck, please feel free to drop me a message....
Thanks..
Charlie Herren



'