---
layout: post
author: ! Justin "hoostino" Warren
title: ! "Domain Of Evil"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-06-09
description: ! "This is my attempt at an M&T killer. Murders those popular Profit decks, as you all know. Beats most mains decks handily. Can hang with pretty much anything."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start (3)
Tatooine
Combat Readiness
Tat JP

Locations (7)
JP Audience Chamber
Tat Cantina
Tat Mos Eisley
Tat Lars Moisture Farm
Death Star
Coruscant
Dagobah Cave

Characters (15)
Darth Vader (2x)
EPP Vader
Choke Vader
Grand Moff Tarkin (2x)
Mara Jade (2x)
Dr. Evazan (2x)
Jabba The Hutt
Bane Malar
IG-88 With Riot Gun
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
U-3PO

Weapons (3)
Vaders Lightsaber (2x)
Mara Jades Lightsaber

Creature (1)
Bubo

Starships (4)
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Bossk In Bus
Executor

Interrupts (19)
Sense (6x)
Alter (4x)
TwiLek Advisor (3x)
Elis Helrot (2x)
The Circle Is Now Complete
You Are Beaten
Monnok
Unexpected Interruption

Effects (8)
Disarmed (2x)
Resistance
Reactor Terminal
Battle Order
Tatooine Occupation
Lateral Damage
Security Precautions'

Strategy: '

This ain’t that original, but what is? Don’t give me a low review and say some crap like “seen it” or “not too original.” This is not ROPs or Hunt Down so I don't wanna hear it. Most of you should be able to see why this works, but I will explain it anyhoo.
The start is key to this deck, as you use the JP text to deploy the Audience Chamber, and then use the AC text to deploy Mara and her Saber on the first turn (usually). This is a tremendous jump. You are activating a guaranteed seven Force and have a main and toy already on the table by the second turn. When combined with standard mains and drains, S/A, and anti-M&T red, you have a force to be reckoned with.

CONSIDERING
Secret Plans (another cheese counter)
Torture (opposed to Resistance, destiny is just too good)
Dannik Jerriko (puts the hurt on EPPs)
Ghhhk (difference of twenty-three, eh?)
Search And Destroy (more anti-cheese)
Tempest 1 and Igar (power, power)

Vs. Throne Room M&T
Cards like Evazan, Disarmed, You Are Beaten, Circle, and so on should pull it out for you every time. Heavy S/A will nullify most of their tricks. Rarely do you see the Super Falcon in these decks, so Occupating should not be a problem, and that alone should also win you the game.

Vs. Other M&T variants
Pretty much the same as Throne Room.

Vs. Odds of any kind
You virtually start with three battlegrounds and have virtually four Twi-Leks (Unexpected Interruption) to find Resistance quickly.

Vs. HB, space variants
Lateral Damage can win the game hands down, and use Security Precautions and BH ships to find their base, then murder them with huge drains. X-Wing Swarm will surely stop your Occupation, but not your huge drains. Sense It’s A Hit, if they bother with any. Try to catch them with their pants down with Lateral Damage.

Vs. MWYHL
Test 2 beatdown decks might give you problems, but Occupation is not cancelled by Test 1, so if you can use enough tricks to stay alive long enough on Tatooine, you will pull it out.

Vs. Tosche Station M&T
This deck will screw up your start somewhat but will not strangle you. If the opponent starts with a Tatooine location and plays Careful Planning, grab Mos Eisley instead of Jabba's Palace. You still get 5 a turn and have 2 Maras and 4 Vaders to set up shop with. Believe me, Tosche does not do this deck in. Soon as a main hits the table, you are in the running.

This deck is rather viable in my opinion. Also doesn’t hurt that its a blast to play. I think this is DS M&T in one of its strongest forms. Give it a whirl.

Darwin bless. Hoostino out.
'