---
layout: post
author: ! Chewbacca "COK" Of Kashyyyk
title: ! "The power of the DARK SIDE of the FORCE"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-06-19
description: ! 'DO NOT UNDERESTIMATE...PLEASE REVIEW'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations

1 Cloud City East Platform (Docking Bay)
1 Death Star Docking Control Room 327
1 Executor Docking Bay
1 Executor Holotheatre
1 Executor Meditation Chamber

Characters

1 4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
1 Bane Malar
1 Commander Igar
5 Darth Vader With Lightsaber
1 Dengar with Blaster Carbine
1 Dr. Evazan
2 Grand Moff Tarkin
1 IG-88 With Riot Gun
1 Jabba the Hutt
2 Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand

Sharships/Vehicles

1 Blizzard 2
1 Dune Walker
1 Tempest 1
1 Boba Fett in Slave I
1 Bossk In Hounds Tooth
1 Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts

2 Evader
2 Focused Attack
1 HoloNet Transmission
2 I Have You Now
1 Limited Resources
2 Masterful Move
1 Put All Sections On Alert
1 Shocking Revelation
1 Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
2 The Circle Is Now Complete
2 Torture
2 Twi'lek Advisor
1 You Are Beaten

Effects

1 Battle Order
1 Come Here You Big Coward
1 Crush The Rebellion
1 Imperial Arrest Order
1 Search And Destroy
2 Vader's Cape
3 Visage Of The Emperor

Other Stuff

1 Mara Jade's Lightsaber
1 Epic Duel
1 Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe

'

Strategy: '

Strategy I made a few changes namely with the addition of evader to help aganist revos which i am still convinced are out of the meta for a month or two and also to help against the increadingly popular out of commission. I still remain steadfast however in the belief that there is enough generation to have the deck perform at optimum efficiency.
The Basics
Start with Arrest Order always so that there will be a good force base available to you and a battleground to flip if that is necessary. Its also nice to add to the pilots forfiet and (for all intents and purposes that pertain to this deck) kill Nabrun. Bait them into coming with a spy to kill visage by using Masterful Move to Get the Holonet Transmission and then hammer them with PASOA and your lesser characters. Keep Vader at home in his room if possible due to the underestimated advantage of having him there.

Against Hidden Base This deck will simply annihilate Hidden Base as it is currently being played. The key card in this game is Battle Order. With only one deathtrap--I mean battleground site-- in the deck they are in for trouble if they come to it and are still if they dont (dont you love these damned or be damned situations). Keep the Visage hurt on them the whole game and then take it to space to pound them with your limited ships that will have a long lifespan if used in conjuction with the flip side of HDADTJ. Speaking of that--Vader needs to stay in his room so that you can take full advantage of the gameext on both it and the objective. Tortures will come in handy if they play inserts and other than that, have fun handing them their butt if you even see one which i dont.

Vs. Speeder Ops This is a tough match but not an insurmountable one. These are not popular in my area (many ISB decks and not a great net supply of the necessary speeders) so i removed my typical Coruscant and Death Star+ABCTTU combo that I ran at regionals. Take it to them hard and when they come with a beating (you can survive esp by making full use of the Alters) ad then brutally punish them with counter @#$%aults. A good match but a very winnable one nonetheless.

Vs. Mains and Toys
CC. I have to take it to them with Vader leading the way due to the inability to bring in my big guns (walkers) and if anything it makes it more convienient to duel.
Tosche Go for the throat and kill the activation ASAP. I try to avoid using Vader in doing so as his services are nice at the Chamber but if you deem necessary send him guns ablazing (why else would there be 6 and the 2 IHYN's). A fun game where dueling can really break the game in your favor.

Vs. MWYHL Come Here You Big Coward is awsome in these games. There arent even two battlegrounds provided so they need to play there own (which you just take over immediately) just to gain any benefits of flipping and a test 2 deck doesnt really affect me since I can use Vaders ability in space and have plenty of high ability for the ground in the firstplace.


'