---
author: joe's "Grond" crazy
title: 'YT Retreival, Hidden Base'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-15
description: 'A cool retreival deck'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (6)
HB/SWSTYTF
Rendezvous Point
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Squadron Assignments
Strike Planning
Wise Advice

Locations (9)
Sullust
Ralltiir
Kiffex
Kessel
Kashyyyk
Marker System
Corellia
Aquaris
Coruscant

Characters (14)
Jedi Knight Luke
General Calrissian x2
Captain Han Solo x2
Ralltiir Freighter Captain

Starships (15)
Home One
Independence
Liberty
YT-1300 Transport

Interrupts (5)
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes
Hyper Escape
The Signal x2
All Wings Report In

Effects (10)
Do or Do Not
Kessel Run x5
Legendary Starfighter
Logistical Delay
What Are You Trying To Push On Us
Correlian Engineering Corporation








Strategy: 

I usually use Kashyyyk or Sullust as my hidden base because I can easily counter attack there.  I like this deck because I can retrieve a lot of force.  Kashyyyk also allows all my ralltiir freighter pilots to deploy for free and sullust  makes the opponent deploy for a lot.  On my first turn I use Strike planning to grab him then I use squadron assignments to grab Sold Squadron 1 and then I pull captain Han Solo with Gold Squadron 1.  I try and pull Kessel and	Ralltiir because they are very important.  I then deploy my super falcon and 2 YT-1300 to kessel to force drain for 3.	I then deploy a mon cal and 3 YT-1300 with pilots to Ralltiir.	From there I do kessel runs when I need it to retrieve 10 force..  I can complete a kessel run in 2 turns so its pretty easy.  I try to flip my objective pretty quick so that I can actually force drain.  I then can drain for at least 4 per turn. That’s not a lot but with all the retrieval it makes up for it.  Also I can play Nar Shadda Wind Chimes and All Wings Report In for extra retrieval.  The other player as 3 choices.  He can stick to the ground and outlast you (not going to happen because of retrieval) , Come and try and fight me in space.  If he does this you will have to be careful.   Engage his ships carefully.  If he gets @#$%y and deploys only once per system  you can use one or 2 1300’s.  If you lose the objective its not the end of the world.  If they concentrate their forces move the super falcon and put some mon cals their and battle them until they die.  If you lose the Super Falcon Make another one using the same method.  If they have a ground deck deploy a mon cal to Coruscant with backup and one to kiffex with backup.  Once you get Do or Do Not out their SAC will be almost useless.  Logistiacal Delay will solw down Tie Swarm Decks.  If they paly with one go to Walkeemui and force them to fight.  Correlian Engineering Corporation will add to mobility for hyperescape.  The Destiny in this deck is good and is usually 3.  You must paly this deck carefully and remember you have retrieval on your side. 