---
layout: post
author: ! Ryan "Cradossk" Mathison
title: ! "A prize worthy of an Emperor"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-06-13
description: ! 'This deck has an objective within an objective. Really fun to play, and a challenge to complete.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'

Starting (5)
This Deal is getting worse..
Secret plans
All wrapped up
Carbonite chamber
Twi'lek


Locations (7)
Bespin
Bespin CC
CC Security tower
CC East platform
DS Docking Bay
DS Detention Block Corridor
CC Incinerator


Characters (13)
Vader w/saber x2
Mara Jade x2
Boba Fett
IG-88 w/gun
4-lom w/gun
Zuckuss
Lando
Mouse Droid
Bane Malar
GM Tarkin x2

Weapons (2)
Jade's saber
Dengars riot gun

Starships (7)
Bossk in Bus
Slave 1
Obsidian 7
Obsidian 8
Executor
OS-72-2 in Ob2
Dengar in Push 1

Effects (12)
Reactor terminal
Emperor's prize x2
There is no try
All to Easy x2
Imp arrest order
Battle plan
Bounty x2
Disarmed
There'll be hell to pay

Interrupts (14)
Twi'lek x3
Masterful move x2
Ghhhkx2
Imperial barrier x2
Hutt smooch
Force field x2
You are beaten

Rite of passage'

Strategy: '

This Deck is really just a "Fun Deck" so please remember this when you are reviewing it.  The point of this deck is obviously to Freeze luke and play the "Emperor's prize" - this is your main objective. I made this a TDIGWATT/PIDAIF so it can win as well(secondary obj). I set up the necessary locations and Bait. I get dark deal going first and then get the drains going, meanwhile I fortify all my locations; except one. The Carbonite Chamber, this location I only place Vader w/saber - Usually the opponent will come down to Cloud City, they will look for what they think is the weakest position - the carbonite chamber. They always seem to come down with Luke and someone else (Ben,Han,Leia,etc) Force field takes care of the first attempt on vader; I then slice luke and play "all to easy" we each forfeit are characters at the end of the battle. So now luke is all alone - frozen - waiting for one of my bounty hunters to come and pick him up. The mouse droid is there for the "emperors prize", and the rest is self
explanatory.The starting effect is up to you, it will change from area to area. So like I said this is a fun deck, and it is a challenge to try and get luke frozen. I was going to dedicate more cards to the capture and freezing of luke; but as I said - I also want this deck to win. please drop me a message and let me know what you think. Give this deck a try -it's a lot of fun. '