---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "choker" Sorrell
title: ! "BHBM Bring It All Day Long"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-25
description: ! "A BHBM deck that battles the LS into extiction"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'STARTING (7)
Bring Him Before Me/Take Your Father's Place
Prepared Defenses
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
Insignifigant Rebellion
Your Destiny
DS II Throne Room

WEAPONS (3)
Vader's Stick(Premeire) x2
Mara's Stick

SITES (6)
Endor Back Door
Endor Landing PLatform
DS II Docking Bay
Hoth Defensive Perimeter
Rendili
Sullust

CHARACTERS (16)
Emperor Palpatine
Lord Vader x2
Choke Vader x2
Mara Jade x2
Dr. Evason
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Commander Igar
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Fett With Blaster
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle

VEHICLES/ STARSHIPS (6)
Tempest 1
Boosk in Hound's Tooth
Flaship Executor
Dengar in Punishing One
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Dreadnaught

EFFECTS (3)
Imperial Decree
Lateral Damage
Emperor's Power

INTERRUPTS (19)
Masterful Move
Monnok
Sniper
Force Field
Imperial Barrier x2
Alter x3
Sense x4
Force Lightning
You Are Beaten x2
The Circle Is Now Complete x2
Young Fool'

Strategy: '

Pardon my misspelling of "extinction" in the summary.

You might think that this deck looks like most BHBM decks, but before you go off the wall claiming that "it's unoriginal", PLEASE listen to my strategy  I'll think you'll find my technique with this deck varies from most other BHBM, which tend to stay away from the opponent.

The start...it's simple.  Use Mobilization Points to pull Rendili before you activate (if you already have Rendili in our hand pull the Executor) and the Throne Room's text to pull Emperor's Power.  Then activate your force and then search for Endor Landing Platform with IAO, making sure to look for the Emperor in your reserve as well.  Deploy your docking bay and deploy the emperor to the Endor Landing Platform from reserve (if you saw Palpy in your reserve when you searched for your docking bay).  You ask why I only start two effects?  I feel that those effects are the only ones I need (unless I'm playing EBO, which I then also start with Imperial Decree).  In today's playing environment many decks start with nearly 1/6 of the cards out of their decks...my two effect start just cuts down on unessary deployment.  Oh...by the way...with the emperor at the docking bay you are guarenteed a load of force for your next turn, allowing you to easily grab control of any site within a few turns.

My philosophy is battle, battle, battle  This deck is built to confront mains and toys head on  Luke is automatically captued when present with vader (that's going to happen on a regular basis), Obi is circled the minute he hits the table without a lightsaber or even when he has a lightsaber when circling with Lord Vader, and You Are Beatens and Sniper takes care of other unwanted pests.  Why flee from battles when you have this kind of fire power?  Most BHBM decks tend to be force drain machine that run from constant battles.  Ladies and gentlemen, this one says, "Bring it all day long" cause nothing is going to be able to stand up to this deck's power on land when it's properly played.  That brings us to...

The strategy is simple.  Get the emperor out for an early drain and continue to fortify his location with your other characters.  This should not be hard since every character in the deck has some nifty little ability whether its Igar's ability to add to destiny or Dr. E's ability to operate on hit characters.  You want to establish a drain that your opponent cannot ignore.  That way your opponent will come down and fight you.  Who cares if he comes down one turn and gets the upper hand, you will activate enough force the nest turn to make him pay.  Mara with saber and a You Are Beaten can beat the crap out of Han (w/ Leia out of the battle)   Let me warn you though...TIMING IS KEY.	Battle to clear sites.	If you don't think your going to win big, just move away (draw some) and let your opponent follow.  Then initiate the battle with you new goodies from last turn's draw Instead of going on and on with strategy, let me just address how to play certain decks that seem to be popular in today's arena...

PROFIT- You want to take over Tatooine  That ain't hard when luke is captured and Obi is circled.  For your two aliens put down Mara with Dr. E.  Deplor Emperor to the Audience Chamber on your first turn and give Mara her stick.	Now you have a 11 power, any opponent's hit characters are lost, you can force lightning anything of choice, and you can Sense/Alter anything that will hurt you (i.e. Someone Who Loves You).  Once you feel like you have the Audience Chamber secure, deploy Vader and his buddies to Jabba's Palce so you can star draining.  You want them to come down on you at Jabba's Palace  By that time you should have barriers and You Are Beatens.  Simply barrier whatever your opponent deploys then dogpile on him the nest turn with characters and a strategic You Are Beaten or Sniper.  I've beaten two Profit decks with this deck, and I won both games in a single battle.

HIDDEN BASE- Establish drains as quick as possible, drawing to accumulate your ships.  The turn before you think he's going to flip save your force and deploy each of your ships at different planets...probe...then move them together.  You have just enough space with Lateral Damage to stop some of their drains, while the LS ain't going to be able to stop any of yours.  If they are dumb enough to try to fight you make them pay in a single battle.

DAGOBAH TRAINING- This is your toughest challenge.  Drain furiosly  I chose Sullust over Kashyyk for the very reason that Jedi Test 1 stops the drain of two on Kashyyk.  The sense/alter control of MWYHL hurts you, but then again it also allows you to play all your nifty stuff as well (it can hurt and help you).

EBO- Don't see much of these anymore, but this is an easy win.  Take over hoth to activate decree (which you should start against this deck), and drain furiously.  Watch out for Ice Storm, so move you guys from the North Ridge to the Main Power Generators once you deploy them to give you time to get inside.  If they can actually get drains going in space don't worry because Dengar wipes out the immunity to stuff like the falcon and your other ships combined with a well-played Lateral Damage should do the trick

NEW DS II LUKE OBJECTIVE- I love playing against this deck.  I've played it twice in tournaments and demolished them both.  Put emperor down first turn to LS's docking bay to stop the LS's activation at Luke's site and then just fortify and force drain.  Your You Are Beatens and choke vader should cut down on eloms and unwanted mains.  Senses also take care of annoying weapon levitations

This deck is geared towards what popular in my area.  If Jedi testing is big in your area I would recommend inserting Broken Concentration for something like Masterful Move.  Yeah, Broken Concentration does not stop testing, but it might hold them up a couple of turns with an unlucky destiny draw, which could mean the difference in the game. If you think it needs more space, take out something you feel is nonvital and add in a dreadnaught (I would not recommend anything else because it could lower your destiny average).  However you tech this deck...don't lower the destiny drastically.  You need descent (not great but solid)destiny to make your weapons useful.  Oh...before anyone says the other Executor is a better choice because of immunity, I say no way.  Flagship Executor costs less and had a 4 for destiny

Well, I hope you like my deck. Feel free to post your reviews or any suggestions  Thanks to everyone who took the time to sift through all my ideas.	   '