---
layout: post
author: ! Sean "Kyle Katarn" Luhks
title: ! "Throne Room Mains"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-17
description: ! 'Bring Him Before Me deck with extremely quick activation and enough black and blue to, well, turn the Light Side black and blue.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Bring Him Before Me / Take Your Father's Place

Locations (6)
Carida
Cloud City East Platform
Death Star II Docking Bay
Death Star II Throne Room
Endor Landing Platform
Spaceport Docking Bay

Characters (16)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Admiral Chiraneau
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Commander Igar
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Dr. Evazan
DS-61-2
Emperor Palpatine
Grand Moff Tarkin
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Jabba The Hutt
Lord Vader x3
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand x2

Weapons (3)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber x2

Vehicles (2)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2

Starships (5)
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Devastator
Executor
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Effects (11)
Battle Order
Crush The Rebellion
Emperor's Power
First Strike
Imperial Arrest Order
Insignificant Rebellion
Lateral Damage
Mobilization Points
Search And Destroy
Secret Plans
Your Destiny

Interrupts (17)
Alter x3
I Have You Now x2
Imperial Barrier x2
Prepared Defenses
Sense x4
The Circle Is Now Complete
Twi'lek Advisor x2
You Are Beaten x2
'

Strategy: '

Replace Secret Plans with Imperial Decree, Devastator with the Chimaera, and one Twilek Advisor with a Force Lightning.

To begin, play Prepared Defenses to deploy Imperial Arrest Order, Crush The Rebellion, and Mobilization Points.  On your first turn, pull Carida and Emperor’s Power before you activate.	Deploy Carida and the Death Star II Docking Bay with the Emperor there from your Reserve Deck during your first deploy phase.	Only pull I Have You Now with Crush The Rebellion if you are certain that they will be useful; otherwise, it’s best to keep the destiny 5’s in your Reserve Deck.  With the threat of I Have You Now and Force Lightning, the Emperor should be completely safe.  This first turn setup allows you to play Sense and Alter immediately and provides at least 9 Force activation on your second turn.	On your second turn, you can deploy a second docking bay (usually Cloud City, for its immunity to Projection Of A Skywalker and Lost In The Wilderness) with Vader there and then move the Emperor to the Throne Room to put the Emperor’s Power into effect.  With Carida (which becomes a nice drain of 2 with Chiraneau), Cloud City East Platform, and the Endor Landing Platform all being pulled from your deck, satisfying the conditions of Honor Of The Jedi is quite easy.  However, you should spread out to drain and cause direct damage only when the opponent does not leave themself vulnerable to attack.  We all know that Bring Him Before Me is much more effective when you initiate battles, draw tons of battle destinies, stack cards on Insignificant Rebellion, and drain away at the opponent’s locations.  The text of the flip side of the objective is merely a bonus, and most of your wins should be in the conventional fashion. '