---
layout: post
author: Nick "JediBrain" Stefanko
title: 'The Emperor's TIE Interceptor Hell'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-06
description: 'This BHBM deck both serves to fake out your opponent and surprise them with fast space drains that they can barely stand up to.  This deck so far is 4-0, beating both Paul Feldman and Alfred Dong.  The adaptability of this deck is astounding.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

LOCATIONS - 7
Endor
Kashyyyk
Kiffex
Sullust
Wakeelmui
Death Star II: Docking Bay
Death Star II: Throne Room

CHARACTERS - 6
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Emperor Palpatine
Lord Vader
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
Sim Aloo
IG-88 With Riot Gun

STARSHIPS - 14
Chimaera
The Emperor's Shield
TIE Interceptor (x12)

WEAPONS - 2
SFS L-s9.3 Laser Cannons (x2)

OBJECTIVE - 1
Bring Him Before Me/Take Your Father's Place

ADMIRAL'S ORDER - 1
Fighter Cover

EFFECTS - 13
Dreaded Imperial Starfleet
Emperor's Power
Imperial Arrest Order
Insignificant Rebellion
Lateral Damage
Mobilization Points
Oppressive Enforcement
Presence Of The Force
Reactor Terminal
Return To Base
Sienar Fleet Systems (x2)
Your Destiny

INTERRUPTS - 15
All Power To Weapons (x4)
Alter
Always Thinking With Your Stomach (x3)
Force Field
Prepared Defenses
Rise, My Friend
Short-range Fighters
Tarkin's Orders (x2)
Twi'lek Advisor

Strategy: 

There are only 59 cards listed above (oops); the 60th card is Bad Feeling Have I.

Starting stuff:
Bring Him Before Me/Take Your Father's Place, Death Star II: Throne Room, Your Destiny, Insignificant Rebellion, Prepared Defenses for Imperial Arrest Order, Mobilization Points, and Oppressive Enforcement

Object of deck:
First turn, you pull the D*2:DB, Emperor (deployed to DB), Emperor's Power, and Wakeelmui.  Second turn, you're activating at least 8 Force and are ready to roll.
This deck is a basic TIE deck w/ a BHBM twist.	Flipping the objective is non-essential, but can be done.
The setup is to get out all your systems (draw for them), then park Palpy and Sim at the Throne Room.  This makes you able to both add a battle destiny w/ Emperor's Power and manipulate your opponent's destiny draw with Sim.  With this, you could also park the Presence Of The Force and a Vader there to get around Battle Plan and to make your opponent lose to Your Destiny.
The virtue of the deck is in not taking much Force drain damage.  Dreaded Imp Starfleet will save 1 drain w/ an Interceptor, Tarkin's Orders will cancel drains related to systems you control and can cancel any little surprises, and ATWYS will make your opponent miss his characters.
After getting at least 2 Interceptors per system, you'll be all set.  Your opponent will expire shortly after absorbing your big drains plus Your Destiny damage.  This deck has a winning differential of between 20-40.
Fighter Cover is in simply to get around opponent's Admiral's Order, plus can give your cannon-equipped TIEs a boost in power and ability to kill off opponent's starfighters.
Chimaera is the only capital ship in because it has an immunity to attrition < 4, isn't as expensive as Executor, and can carry my TIEs around to different locations if need be.
Retrieval engine for this deck is Sienar Fleet Systems and Short-range Fighters.

Against a space deck, you are assured to win a large percentage of battles thanks to All Power To Weapons, Emperor's Power and Lateral Damage.
Against a ground deck, all you need to contend with are the drains, which you can easily cancel.  Your drains should eat away at your opponent faster then their drains that get through the canceling.  You shouldn't have to go to ground, but if you see a hole in their defense, Iggy, Mara, and Vader (if not already on table) can make short work of them and make them stack one on Insignificant Rebellion.
