---
layout: post
author: ! brad "swccguy" eier
title: ! 'Kryptonite'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-06-22
description: ! 'ok its a combo anti-profit, tat occupation and ebo-killer. you've seen decks like them before, but after 3a i think it needed to be modified.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Start2
Tatooine
Combat Readiness

Locations7
Death Star
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Tatooine Catina
Tatooine Judland Wastes
Tatooine Lars' Moisture Farm
Tatooine Tusken Canyon

Characters17
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Bane Malar
Brangus Glee
Darth Vader x 2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
Djas Puhr
Dr. Evazan
Dannik Jericho
Ephant Mon
Grand Moff Tarkin
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Jabba
Jabba The Hutt
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand x 2

Starships4
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Creatures1
Bubo

Weapons2
Vader's Lightsaber
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Interrupts19
Alter x 2
Control x 4
Elis Helrot
Moment Of Triumph x 2
Sense x 4
Sniper
The Circle Is Now Complete
Twi'lek Advisor x 3
You Are Beaten

Effects8
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward
Disarmed
Expand The Empire
Resistance
Search And Destroy
Security Precautions
Tatooine Occupation




'

Strategy: '

ok this is fun. it should beat profit, but i've tweaked it so it can beat other junk too.
start tatooine and combat readiness for jabbas hut, then turn 1 pull the audience chamber.(note if he starts obis hut vs you plan for catina, since he will convert the palace)
basically get guys down, drain,occupation, search n destroy, win.

profit-ok i wont waste a lot of time explaining profit defense. basically convert their locations, get guys down, sac inerrupts/effects, mabey ETE on the AC to get guys out fast. dannik is huge here, as is circle.

EBO-ahh yes, the greatest thing since sliced bread, the beloved ebo. do your normal start. fish out resistance fast (the reason for 3 twileks). put 3 characters at sites, moment of triumph helps clear out beatdown crews if you are forced to spread thin. get ETE on a drain +1 site.
use your drains of 2, sabers/ete, search and destroy, and resistance to beat them. it wont be easy at all but is possible to win vs ebo.control the early drains while u get set up.

hbx-not to be cocky, but this deck kills hbx. precautions, s and d, drains, probe, win.

obis hutt start-ok you get the catina of the palace w/combat readiness so they cant convert palace. they will drop a lot of guys on u, but dont worry. lots of removal and neat stuff 2 do w/iggy,4lom, dannik,disarmed,evanan/sabers, malar,
dlots, circle,ect. play smart & cautions, and you will win.

TRM- ok basically same as tosche, but you start normal. if they put a guy @ palace turn 1 dont worry, save a turn or 2 and slaughter 'em. not easy game but you can pull it out.

mega falcon-control their drains while you can, set up your junk, avoid space, win.

ok most of you can tell how to beat other decks, i gave strategys vs the main ones.

cards that make this deck fly-
control sac AND drain protection. great card
moment of triumph ability 4 guy gets 2 destiny
ETE use it to enhance drains or get guys out fast
circle/dannikits BAD when ls guys go POOP( placed out of play)

ok questions/comments/suggestions d-mail me before reviewing so i can clear up concerns about possible weaknesses before u review it.

build it, try it, have fun

-swccguy


'