---
layout: post
author: ! Walter "Vannor" Winkler
title: ! "~Another~ Light Jedi... and I don/t mean Luke v2.0"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-07-23
description: ! 'Fight, draw, turn, win.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
There Is Good In Him/I Can Save Him

Locations (7)
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Yavin 4 Docking Bay
Cloud City Platform 327 (DockingBay)
Spaceport Docking Bay
Home One Docking Bay
Endor Chief Chirpa's Hut
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)

Characters (10)
Captain Han Solo
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol x2
Leia With Blaster Rifle x2
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber x3
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Chewie With Blaster Rifle

Starships (4)
Home One x2
Millennium Falcon x2

Interrupts (25)
I've Got A Bad Feeling About This x2
Out Of Nowhere
Out Of Commission x2
Clash Of Sabers
Glancing Blow x2
Protector x2
Punch It x2
Somersault x4
Life Debt x2
The Signal x2
I Know x2
Lost In The Wilderness x2
Heading For The Medical Frigate

Effects (11)
Honor of the Jedi
Traffic Control
Bacta Tank
Your Insight Serves You Well
Count Me In
Insurrection
That's One
Menace Fades
I Feel The Conflict
I'm With You Too x2

Devices (1)
Electrobinoculars

Weapons (1)
Luke's Lightsaber  '

Strategy: '

I know alot of ppl seem to think that the LS Objective ain't so great, this is my best shot at proving them wrong. It has some basic tech, and power to hold em off.

Ok, you typically start with your Objective and Heading For The Medical Frigate as your SI. The objective gives you Jedi Luke w/ his saber at Chief Chirpa's Hut, Endor Landing Platform, and I Feel the Conflict. Using the SI you pull Insurrection, Your Insight Serves You Well and Menace Fades. Then you start pulling your DBs and head off to battle.

Now how to play against differant types...

Hunt Down Honor protects you from Visage until you feel threatened by it. Its possible Visage may only be hurting them if you manage to keep your Jedi on the table. If you start taking damage use trans. terminated to cancel it. As soon as possible start cycling your Out of Comissions in order to take out as many characters as you can... you get lucky and hit Mara and the Emperor and its that much easier to win. As much as they'd love to get Vader down first turn, I don't supply quite enough force. But once they manage to capture Luke, and they will quite early, you come after some characters with your mains. Now you get a choice... you can play suicide mains using Somersaults, destiny adders, and the Bacta tank to technically win the fights. Or you can just sheerly overpower and use destiny adders on them if possible. After a few good fights you should be able to draw destiny and turn Vader... if you're unsure even with the high average destiny, you can be sure of draws with the Electrobinoculars.

Against any alien based decks you just play like a normal mains and toys deck with a few new tweaks. First off you're getting a free Jedi Luke with his saber out first turn for 0 force, not bad if you ask me. Then you use the destiny adders and interrupts as you feel most useful at the time to cause max damage. You're going to have to fight them, even if its on their own turf, but this deck packs enough suprises that you should be able to take on a great deal of characters more powerful and still come out ahead. If you happen to get out Thats One, Count Me In, and I'm With You Too, then Luke, Leia, Han, and Chewie become unstoppable and can win any battle for ya. You kill em with damage and drain if they run from ya.

Against space, we have the super Falcon. Hold Leia, have Han on the Falcon, use I Know, Out of Nowhere and Punch it and you have a nice combo that can take out quite a formidable force and hold a system... two if you chase em back and forth. Home One also adds a little extra kick if you need it. That ought to slow them enough for you to get a big drain in space and drain on the ground. If they go ground after you put out the super Falcon you should be able to pummel them. They capture Luke, they're losing another 2 force a turn. They ignore Luke, he drains em and fights some aliens for some nice wins in battle. They give him to Vader, you turn him and win the game.

Ok well thats about all I have to say about the deck. If there are any other decks you want me to explain how I play against, just say so in your review. I basically built this deck for fun... the temptation of turning Vader was just a little ~too~ tempting ) Please tell me what you think of the deck.'