---
author: Fernando "Garion" Medalón
title: THE EMPIRE TAKING CONTROL OF CLOUD CITY
side: Dark
date: 2000-12-15
description: Beat the light side in Cloud City with high power and hevy drains.
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Objective
This Deal Is Getting Worse/Pray I Dont Alter It

Starting (5)
CC: Upper Walkway
Secret Plans
Any Methods Necessary
CC: Security Tower
Zukuss In Ship

Starships/vehicle (7)
Executor
Dengar in ship
OS-72-1 in Obsidian 1
OS-72-2 in Obsidian 2
Obsidian 7
Obsidian 8
Lift tube

Characters (17)
Darth Vader With Saber x2
Mara Jade x2
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Moff Jerjerrod
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral Motti
General Veers
Capitan Piett
Capitan Needa
Officer Evax
Seargent Tarl
Chief Bast
Lando Carlrissian
Niando Duegad

Weapons (1)
Mara Jades Lightsaber

Creatures (1)
Bubo

Interrupts (17)
Nevar Yanal
Limited Resources x2
Twilek Advisor
Elis Helrot x2
You Are Beaten
Sniper x2
Alter x2
Sense x3
Control x3

Effects (5)
Crush The Rebellion
Search And Destroy
Dark Deal
CC Occupation
Reactor Terminal

Locations (6)
Bespin
Bespin: Cloud City
CC: Down Town Plaza
CC: West Gallery
CC: Chasm Walkway
CC: Carbonite Chamber


Strategy: 

This is my first deck in Decktech. I hope you will give me a lot of stars. Thanks for reading it till the end.

Cloud City Dark Deal deck has two primary forms, the Cloud City trooper deck and the mains deck. Ive chosen this last one becaurse of the many light decks that can battle your trooper assault with their sense and because whith this deck you can use your own sense and alter.

Now the strategy of the deck and how to begin with it.
You start with CC: Upper Walkway and Secret Plans on table and thanks to Any Methods with CC: Sec Tower and Zukuss in Ship in hand, so you have to draw 6 more cards.
First turn: deploy Bespin from reserve deck, CC: Security Tower from hand and draw everything in force pile.
Second turn: search for Dark Deal or CC Ocupation and draw again
Third turn: in this moment you must have a lot of characters, at least 1 more CC site and (I hope) Dark Deal. Search your deck for Bespin: Cloud City and dont draw any more.
Fourth turn: deploy Bespin: CC, take control of it and deploy your characters to clud ciy sites in order to control them and then deploy Dark Deal. Search for CC Ocup and during your move phase take control of Bespin in order to flip the objective. Easy and fast to play and really a great deck to win.

If you play against a HB deck you have the greatest ship in the Empire: the monster called Executor to beat them in space and prove the space for the base.

Against any other kind of land based decks you have to play carefully in CC but you will have no problems.

With an EBO in front you will beat them in the force drain race and they can do anything against you in Cloud City.

Thats all. Thanks again for reading this deck and please tell me how to improve it, any suggestions will be welcomed.	 