---
layout: post
author: Tim "DS-61-4" Linden
title: 'I've Heard About Some Ominous Rumors Sir'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-23
description: ! 'An Endor Objective Deck that is able to have both big Drains and power so that you can crush your opponent.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost

Locations (12)
Death Star
Endor
Endor Bunker
Endor Dark Forest
Endor Forest Clearing
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Fondor
Hoth
Kashyyyk
Kessel
Kiffex
Tatooine

Characters (10)
Admiral Motti
Admiral Ozzel
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
General Veers
Grand Moff Tarkin
Officer Evax

Vehicles (6)
Tempest Scout  x3
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6

Starships (12)
Avenger
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Devastator
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
Executor
Stalker
Thunderflare
Tyrant
Vengeance
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts (5)
I'd Just As Soon Kiss A Wookiee
Masterful Move
Twi'lek Advisor  x3

Effects (14)
Broken Concentration
Come Here You Big Coward
Empire's New Order
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Lateral Damage	x2
Ominous Rumors
Perimeter Patrol
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
There Is No Try
There'll Be Hell To Pay  x2 '

Strategy: '

This is one of the most powerful decks out there these days. In my humble opinion anyway. The main Idea is to set up a few sites on endor that you can protect and then drain away in space. Play the AT-ST's on the exterior sites and a charecter or two on the interior one's as it is very hard for the opponent to make a sizeable beatdown army at the bunker. The combo of IAO and Perimeter Patrol set up is very leathal because it gives you the first battle at any endor site. Don't control any more endor sites then you can successfully as you only need to control the first two that you get out at the beggining in order to get a very good drain going in space. Oh yeah, make sure to look for Ominious Rumors first turn before they can get anything out. Here are some of the specs.

vs. Ops-- This is one of the easiest wins you have, start either Battle Order and get Empire's New Order out as soon as you can. Another good effect to get out would be Imperial Decree. You can set up a few good drains and space and then go take over their planet. Or you can just shut down most of their drains with Imp. Decree and then out drain them in space. Since most Op's decks don't have a ton of space, you can really spread out and drain their. If they deploy a ship with a landing claw on, try to I'd Just as soon kiss a wookie the landing claw.

vs. Throne Room Mains-- This should be another pretty good win.  Start Perimeter Patrol and then get out IAO as soon as possible. This is very important as it protects you from a beatdown army. Try to get out a lot of sites for big activation. Go after them in space. If they are playing some sort of super-falcon it is very important to Lateral Damage it. Get out a masterful move in order to cancel the Mantellian Sevrip that will most likely come out.

vs. MWYHL-- Start either Broken Concentration or Perimeter Patrol and then try desperatly to get the other one out first turn. My personal preferance is to start Perimeter Patrol because broken concentration does not seriously hurt the majority of MWYHL decks that only go to test #2. Make sure your sites are well protected. Getting out IAO also helps. Drain Heavily in Space as early as possible. Even if they are playing a lot of Counter Assults you should be safe in space where the majority of your cards are power 7 and over. If you think that they are going all they way to test 5 (a good indication is that they start Wise Advice)

vs. HB-- Start Security Precautions. With all of the space power, they don't stand much of a chance after you have scanned a few systems. Do most of your draining on Endor Land sites. You can still drain for 5 their without many problems. When you can, get a big drain or two in at some systems.
vs. Land HB-- You still start Security Precautions because you don't know  if it is land at the beggining and also, I have never seen a land HB deck without any systems or starships. Get out Perimeter Patrol as soon as you can to and then IAO to protect you from their mains. Drain a lot in space if they don't have many ships their. You should be able to protect at least 3 sites on Endor giving you a drain of +6 at Endor. Getting out the big drain systems is important as it gets you a humongous drain in space.

vs. Profit-- You don't have any aliens and even if you did, I wouldn't put them down there anyway. Start Perimeter Patrol but get out secret plans early and get a There'll be Hell to pay or two out in case they start playing Harvest. Get ready to set up a big army to go assult them at Lar's Moisture Farm if they play Harvest. If you can get rid of all of their Owen's Or Beru's they are done for as they can only retrive one force until they get another copy out. Do some big Draining in space and control probably one or two sites on Endor. It is really up to you how you play it. You can try to beat them down, or you can try to out drain them. I would only try to beat them down if they are retriving a lot of force.

vs. Tatooine Starting site-- Start Perimeter Control and then get out IAO, drain big in space and control as man
'