---
author: Eric "bounty22" Hunter
title: 'Light Side Manipulator'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-03-01
description: 'With this deck you will have complete control of the game once you get things going.Also this deck can eliminate key cards from coming into the game.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

(12)
Bothawui
Chandrila
Clak'dor VII
Dagobah
Dagobah: Yoda's Hut
Hoth
Kessel
Kiffex
Rendezvous Point
Tatooine
Tibrin	x2

(15)
8D8  x2
Bren Quersey  x2
Figrin D'an
Leslomy Tacema
Luke With Lightsaber
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
R2-D2 (Artoo-Detoo)
Shasa Tiel  x4
Toryn Farr
Wedge Antilles

(13)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Gold Squadron Y-wing  x2
Lando In Millennium Falcon  x2
Red 8  x2
Red Leader In Red 1
Red Squadron X-wing  x3
Spiral
Tantive IV

(11)
Blue Milk  x3
Grimtaash  x2
It Could Be Worse  x2
Perimeter Scan	x2
Tunnel Vision  x2

(5)
Never Tell Me The Odds	x3
Stone Pile  x2

(3)
X-wing Laser Cannon  x3

(1)
Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip Through Your Fingers


Strategy: 

To play this deck you try to get a fast flip. Then when you get Shasa Tiel out you can take control of the game. With Shasa out you can organize opponents force pile so that they can't get any ships or security percautions or anything. Also if you organize it good card bad card becasue they have to pay one to draw one they will be screwed. Howver they might use an odd amount of force so they will get the good cards. In this case you can play blue milk during there move phase so they will get the bad cards. Finnaly with perimter scan you can see there hand and if you don't like it you can play stone pile  in hopes to get ride of the good cards or to get ride of cards they can probe with. To make opponent lose force just do force drains at kiffex and kessel also you can go a little numbers. Overall this deck will beat most decks because you will completly control what the can use to beat you with.

With the reviews i have got i will take out a Leslomy Tasema and a Never tell me the odds and add 2 oolas. I'm not quite shure what else to take out to add more space but already it works really well so... When you review this deck keep these changes in mind.  