---
layout: post
author: ! Tyler ""_WRAITH_"" Alexander
title: ! "It Is Your Destiny..."
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-03
description: ! 'Basic hunt down with high destiny, almost.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting  7
Hunt Down and destroy the Jedi
Epic Duel
HoloTheatre
Medetation Chamber
Visage of the emperor
Bad feeling have I
Twilek Advisor

Characters  14
Darth Vader with Saber x5
Grand moff Tarkin
Marajade the emperors hand x2
Dr.E x3
Bobafett with Blaster
4 lom with rifle
IG-88 with gun

Vehicles  1
Blizzard 2

Locations  5
Endor Back Door
Endor Forest Clearing
Endor Dark Forest
Endor Ancient Forest
Ebdor Dense Forest

Weapons  1
Mara Jade's Saber

Starships  3
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Bobafett in Slave 1
Bossk in Hounds Tooth

Effects  8
The Dark Path
Battle Order
Reactor Terminal x2
Visage of the emperor x4

Interrupts  21
The Circle is Now Complete x2
Vader's Obsession x2
Sense x2
Alter x1
You are Beaten x3
Elis Helrot x2
Twi lek Advisor
Shut him up or shut him down x2
Its Worse x2
Masterfull Move
Scruffy Looking Nerfherder
Nevar Yalnal
Oota goota Solo
'

Strategy: '

	 First thing you probably Noticed is the 5 epp vaders in this deck, your thinkin grimtash is gonna hurt him.  Most likely not.	I have a twilek and 2 reactor terminals so that any extra vaders i have will go to the reserve.  Event then people put how many grimtashes in there deck, 0, 1, maybe 2?  And with 3 Dr.e and 3 you are beaten epp Vader Can hold his own as well or better as any other Vader. Using Epp vaders also elimates using vaders saber.  3 vader's sabers would lower the destiny in this deck alot.
    Then I only have 5 Sites, and none of them are tix sites.  4 are 2-1 and 1 is a 2-2. Basically all of them give me 2 force and a battle ground to deploy vader at.	If i added Twix sites it significantly lower the destiny.  And with only 14 characters and a vehicles how much activation do you need?
    I also dont have security precautions. Basic reason for this is no good plays hidden base around here.  The only people that do use the special edition x-wings that suck, Basically fett in Slave 1 could take every ship in their deck.  If i do Take it to a regional or something I will probably Replace Oota Goota Solo with security precautions.
    I only included a very light SA Package because When the objective is on the 0 side you basically cant sense anything with the destinies in this deck.  I also included 2 shuthim up or shut him down for D* plans and Bacta tank and a Masterful move for savrip to cancel the more anoying effects instead of more alters because they are both six's.
    I have It's worse in hear because basically anyone who plays It could be worse loses the game when you play it if you have saved up enough force.	And recently some people around hear have been playing with ICBW. Its also a trackable 6.
   This deck has real high destiny with 21 cards 5 or above.  You can hit most people with ease.
    You use tracking to set up your destinies for a duel, but if you are losing or you see that your opponent has really low destiny and you know they dont have glancing blow in their hand or if they dont have a saber you can blind duel. Using dark path first to set up your first destiny as a six or a seven you should win. If you have tarkin along with vader you will win.

I think i covered it all.'