---
layout: post
author: ! Peter "martian" Hall
title: ! "Flagship Operations The Real McCoy"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-03
description: ! 'Because'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (11)
Carida
Endor
Fondor (start)
Kashyyyk
Kessel
Exec Site x6

Characters (7)
Admiral Piett
Commander Brandei
Commander Gherant x2
Commander Merrejk
Darth Vader
Lord Vader

Ships (18)
Accuser
Black Squad TIE x3
Dreadnaught x4
Flagship Executor
Obsidian Squad TIE x2
Scythe Squad TIE x4
TIE Assault Squad x2
Vengeance

Effects (7)
CHYBC
Dreaded Imperial Starfleet
Flasgship Ops
Imperial Arrest Order (start)
Mobilization Points (start)
Oppressive Enforcemnt (start)
Reactor Terminal
TBHTP

Interrupts (14)
All Power To Weapons x3
Counter Assault x2
Dark Manuevers x2
Imperial Command
Prepared Defenses
Tallon Roll x4
Twi'lek

Admiral's Orders (2)
Battle Deployment x2



'

Strategy: '

_Update_

There were suposed to be two Twi'leks in the deck. Just so you know.

In response to reviews

SFS - Yes, I know it is good. It is probably worth swapping a Counter Assault and a Twi'lek for a Wakee and SFS.

Huntdown - Not gonna do it.

YCHF - Duh. Why didn't I think of that.

Fondor - I like it. If the LS controls, then you have to drop a TIE before you drop Big E. So what? It is better than Med Chamber.

Sullust - Yeah, prolly.

Chiraneau - Only three SD's. Not enough room.

Vangaurds - Yeah, I considered that. It sounds cooler than it really is, though. The LS won't battle you if you have a huge force pile. The cheapest caps are VSD's and Dreads. It would take a whole lot of VSD's to make a dent in a LS space deck.

_End Update_

Alright, you aren't looking at the next meta-changing super-deck here, but it is fun to play. The idea is pretty simple

I start with Fondor rather than HuntDown for two reasons

1) The strategy is fairly card intensive, which means Visage is hurting me as much if not more than it is hurting my opponent.

2) Flagship Executor deploys for seven at Fondor. That is pretty cool.

The rest of the setup remains true to the "classic" FLOPs "engine." Pull Docking Bay (IAO), throw Gherant down (can be fetched with Piett) and start pulling sites. When you hit the magic number, then drop FLOPS and it is pretty much game over.

If you already see the power of this deck, then feel free to proceed to the rating page. If not, then read on as I explain the individual card choices.

Why two Vaders? To keep the darn rebels off of the Executor. Unfortunately, there is nothing in Gherant's GT which reflects the second line in his lore. Can also be parked at Med Chamber.

Why Accuser?  Deploys as a react for two force (when FLOPS is out). Hehe.

Why three-dot TIEs? Because they can Tallon Roll and don't have crap destinies. They are better than unique TIEs cuz they don't require pilots (no room for that) and the work with Dreaded Imp Starfleet.

Why TIE Assault Squads? So you can redploy the cool TIEs where they are needed. Sending three Scythes to the Used Pile is a great way to setup Counter Assault destiny.

Why CHYBC? If you're going to lose, it better not be to cheese decks. It also cans drains on the Executor if the LS should happen to invade.

Why Reactor Terminal? True, it is not as essential as in days passed, but this is one deck that still needs it.





'