---
layout: post
author: ! Steve "Crazy Hermit" Kuperman
title: ! "It May Not Be Crap  But It Sure Looks Like It"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-01
description: ! 'It's Bring Him Before Me. Like you give a damn.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective(1)
Bring Him Before Me/ Take Your Father's Place

Locations(5)
Death Star II Throne Room
Death Star II Docking Bay
Endor Landing Platform
Rendili
Spaceport Docking Bay

Characters(16)
Emperor Palpatine
Lord Vader x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x2
Darth Vader
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand x2
Janus Greejatus
Sim Aloo
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
Jabba
IG-88 With Riot Gun x2
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Bane Malar

Weapons(3)
Vader's Saber x2
Jade's Saber

Starships(5)
Dominator
Boba Fett In Slave One
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Flagship Executor

Interrupts(15)
Rise, My Friend x2
Prepared Defenses
Monnok
Masterful Move x2
I Have You Now x2
Alter x2
Imperial Barrier
Twi'lek Advisor
Weapon Levitation
Force Lightning
The Circle Is Now Complete

Effects(15)
Emperor's Power
Imperial Arrest Order
Presence Of The Force
Oppressive Enforcement
There'll Be Hell To Pay x2
Insignificant Rebellion
Your Destiny
Mobilization Points
You Cannot Hide Forever
Search And Destroy
Security Precautions
First Strike
Secret Plans
Imperial Decree'

Strategy: '

You've seen a few thousand Bring Him Before Me decks by now, no reason why anything here should be a huge surprise. But if you wanted to know . . .here's a few items on card selection and how to play the deck against a few other decks.

Masterful Move x2 Apparently, I hate the Savrip. It also fishes my one Monnok (really want to add at least another, cause it hoses Eloms like nobody's business) and is an easily tracked around 6. It's either that or Dark Maneuvers, not a bad idea with all those Laser Cannons floating around.

Why only 5 locations? Cause that's all you'll need, this deck can work it's damage surprisingly well regardless of the situation. Honor Of The Jedi is a joke here, you pull Rendili through Moblization Points, grab a couple of docking bays and no problems.

Letsee . . .this deck just beats the hell out of Profit, that's the biggest reason for the Emperor's Power in here. Start Jade and alien of your choice at Audience Chamber, 1st turn Emperor and Emperor's Power, stick onto Jade, you're set. You'll win a LOT of battles if the deck is based around the mains, take Luke over to the Emperor and end it right away with a duel. Eloms might be a bigger problem, but hell, if I'm worried, the 2nd Monnok is not a big deal to add.

EBO could probably hurt, if you let it. Which is why Decree is in here, send your guys to Hoth and let them stew around, go fight in space. If you have to, put Emperor onto Hoth, Emperor's Power isn't the biggest thing here.

MWYHL? I've played a couple of those with this deck, and this deck can really rape it. Start You Cannot Hide Forever w/IAO and Mob Points, ditch it to go find Search And Destroy. Not a definite win, but it definitely favors this deck.

Any Super Falcon-based deck probably fucks with this like nobody's business, but just avoid getting caught in battles that you can lose a lot from. Pretty basic, I think. Just sit yourself on the ground, take on the Falcon backed by Emperor's Power and you might have a shot at taking it completely out.

Stuff that would be good in here, and why it isn't right now

Imperial Barrier It's great to have more of these around, but it'd be for space purposes mostly. I've been able to handle anything thrown at me on the ground.

Monnok Add more of these and this deck is like an auto-win against Eloms. They die in hordes when Emperor's Power is on table, but taking out part of the whole army before they can attack makes things that much easier. Plus, it's versatile. Mostly just a lack of room, it's card #61 as far as I'm concerned right now.

Crush The Rebellion It's nice, but the searching option is not that important for this deck. The limit of two draws is a joke, as you've already lost if you've let your opponent subject the Emperor to a beatdown. Canceling Clash is nice, but I just don't see it enough to warrant it.

You Are Beaten Probably card #62, it'd be a blast to play in here. Excluding the most powerful character means you probably win the battle. In fact, this one really should be in here . . .hmm.

Got any questions? Put 'em in the review and I'll answer through an update of this strategy section. Thanks and have a nice day now.

'