---
author: michael "Deck" Gemme
title: Manipubation
side: Dark
date: 2000-11-07
description: This was the manipulation Deck i used at worlds.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Purple Nurples -1
Bring Him Before Me/The Other Side

Locations - 6
Death Star2 Throne Room
Death Star2 Docking Bay
Executer Docking Bay
Carida
Spaceport Docking Bay
Endor Docking Bay

Characters - 18
Palpatine
Miyoom Onith x5
Lord Vader x3
Mara Jade x2
Bane Malar
Djas Purh
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Captain Sarkli
Amdiral Ozzel
Brangus Glee

Starships -4
Zuckuss in Mist Hunger
Boba Fett in Slave1
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Dreadnaught

Weapons -3
Mara’s saber
Vader’s saber x2

Interrupts -19
I’d Just as Soon Kiss A Wookiee
Alter x3
Sens x6
A dangerous time x2
Monnok x3
Twilek Advisor
Imperial Barrier
Masterful Move
prepared defenses

Effects -9
Security Precautions
Ability Ability Ability
Battle Order
Presence of the Force
Mob Points
Imperial Arrest Order
Oppressive Enforcement
insignificant rebellion
your destiny


Strategy: 

Please keep in mind that this is my worlds deck.  So yea i need things to protect against the new cards like set for stun.  Thanks VOL.

You play this deck almost the same all of the time.  Most Decks pack Jedi Luke now so most of the time i dont even deploy vader because i cannot take the 1 force hit per turn.
Ill only deploy vader safely away from Jedi Luke.  Once i win 3 battles i go after him and take him out.  Pretty much you just Miyoom with the sick @#$% activation you get from this deck.
Always have a Monnok in your hand.  A dangerous time lets yo uset up to Monnok or Miyoom, your choice or both.

You start out, pull carida and get emporer and the dbays out.
Get miiyoom with the emporer and try and get mara and the rest of your guys out.  I like to be
careful with vader but that is just me.  Most people like to take luke and take the force loss.

Mind you this deck does not use Post JPOTSD cards, you know what the hell would go in there from them, no escape and whatever.
Start IAO Mob Points and OpED.	Obviously use No espcape now for one of those.

Many people say this is an easy win against Rebel strike team, but they deploy alot of cards fast, and if you want to keep up with them you wont have enough force to Miiyoom.	Its not a sure loss but it is a tough win.
EBO is a killer obviously becuase of the massive drains, but you can monnok and miiyoom to your advantage, try and get luke or make them lose the 3.
HB is bad because of the drain and cancelling drains.  No problems against non-flip but otherwise you are screwed.
This deck can handle a decent mains deck so play to battle and win them, its not that hard.

Many have seen this deck before, Alex Tennet, who is a close personal friend of mine on account he wore black undies to bed in my room helped me make this deck
thanks also to hayes hunter, justin desai and steve baroni who teched out with me and loaned me cards.
This deck went 6-6 at worlds with 4-4 in day one and 2-2 in the team tourney.
It lost to good players and also beat Chris Golgothan who was a @#$% to me.  when i crossed his luke that pissed him off cause he hates me

Peace.	