---
layout: post
author: ! Trae "Freak4Life" Cadenhead
title: ! "Empire s Sinister Endor Operations"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-10
description: ! 'Unlike most Endor Operations decks, this one flips to give you plenty of power on the ground, not to mention some massive drain potential.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost

Locations (9)
Coruscant
Death Star
Endor
Endor Bunker
Endor Dark Forest
Endor Dense Forest
Endor Forest Clearing
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Kashyyyk

Characters (18)
AT-ST Pilot  x3
Colonel Dyer  x2
Commander Igar
Corporal Drelosyn
Darth Vader With Lightsaber  x2
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Lieutenant Arnet
Lieutenant Watts
Major Marquand
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
Officer Evax
Sergeant Barich

Vehicles (8)
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6

Starships (6)
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Death Squadron Star Destroyer
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
Executor
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Interrupts (4)
Twi'lek Advisor  x4

Effects (13)
Battle Order
Establish Secret Base
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Lateral Damage
Ominous Rumors
Oppressive Enforcement
Perimeter Patrol
Reactor Terminal
Resistance
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay

Weapons (1)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

'

Strategy: '

Generally it's best to use Perimeter Patrol as your starting effect. It will keep Endor safe from a Rebel invasion. However, against Profit decks I would suggest starting Secret Plans and Mara at the AC. Grab her saber first turn and move her to JP for a nice drain of 3 per turn. You will want to flip the objective but you don't have to do it too quickly. You need to play smart and do things at the right times. In your opening hand you will hopefully have either Colonel Dyer or Sergeant Barich or Corporal Drelosyn. If you have one of them, deploy him to the Bunker. This puts Perimeter Patrol into effect. Also you can deploy Ominous Rumors first turn if you feel like it. To flip the objective you have to have Ominous Rumors and Establish Secret Base on table. Getting Ominous Rumors out is quite easy, but ESB takes a bit longer to setup. I have two biker scouts in the deck (Barich and Drelosyn) so that one of them can be at the Bunker to help put ESB into effect. Deploy another Endor site (there's 3 Endor sites that don't start out in play, all 2/1 locations) and AT-STs to that site and the Landing Platform. Now you can flip the objective. The flip side of the objective is nice. Your drain on Endor can't be modified or canceled (that is VERY cool), your AT-STs are immune to attrition <3. The limit of one battle destiny severely limits any kind of invasion that the light side may be planning. Also, you can retrieve Barich or Drelosyn if one of them winds up in the lost pile. I did not use the Back Door as one of my locations because light side can move to the Bunker from there (something I don't want). Also, I prefer to keep the opponent's activation as low as possible. Coruscant and Death Star are in the deck for activation. Kashyyyk is a nice system to control with ESB on the table (force drain of 4 there). Also if you control it you can bring Imperial Decree into play, which is definitely a plus. I prefer to control Endor with the Executor so I can have an uncontested drain of 5 there (unless the opponent is dumb enough to come mess with that big 'ol ship), but sometimes I have to use a different ship for it. It's a nice assortment of ships that I think do the job pretty well. With Battle Order and Imperial Decree I can do pretty well at limiting the opponent's force drains while maximizing mine. I believe this deck would be quite difficult for the light side to beat. There are a few card changes I've considered, though (please give your thoughts on them when you review the deck) I would like to add Lt. Pol Treidun (protection against undercover spies) or Bubo (more UC spy protection). Also Mosep would be cool in here too, I think. I'd like to use Monnok as well. The first time I played with this deck the other guy had like 25 cards in his hand and I was wishing so bad at that time that I had a Monnok I've considered taking out Igar and Tempest 1 since it's kind of hard to have them both in hand at the same time. Anyway, that's about all there is to say about this deck. I think it's a very strong deck that can win a LOT of games.	'