---
layout: post
author: ! Tim "Info Broker" Guzman
title: ! 'Info Broker's Vegas Grand Slam DS'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-11
description: ! 'I felt like posting what I played for dark side at the Grand Slam.  This deck helped me get 4th place there, going 3-0.  Read on...'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi

Epic event
Epic Duel

Locations(6)
Executor Holotheatre
Executor Meditation Chamber
Kessel
Endor
Kiffex
Kashyyyk

Characters(8)
Darth Vader x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x2
Darth Vader with Lightsaber x2
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand x2

Weapons(3)
Vader's Lightsaber x2
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Starships(8)
Dreadnaughts x3
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Ig-88 in Ig-2000
Dengar in Punishing one

Effects(11)
Visage Of The Emperor x4
Come Here You Big Coward
Image Of The Dark Lord
Disarmed x2
Lateral Damage
Presence Of The Force
Reactor Terminal

Interrupts(22)
Twi'lek Advisor
The Circle is Now Complete x2
Vader's Obession x2
Torture x3
Sense x3
Alter x3
Evader x3
Masterful Move
Monnok
Focused Attack
Elis Helrot
Put All Sections On Alert '

Strategy: '

This may look like a standard Dueling deck, but you might see some cards I do not have in it.  I had to take out cards that I have in everydeck just to make this the way I wanted it.  And to be honest I might put those others stuff back in.	Some of you might say it has holes, but I had a feeling of what I was going to see and I put things in to beat those decks.  Mainly Throne Room, and Superfalcon.  This deck I have been playing since last year, it just keeps changing as new cards come out.  It is a proven winner and if played right can face anything.  Here is a break down of what to do against certain things for those who need it.

Throne Room  I start with Presence of the force on the Throne. First thing this does is make them think I do not have Revo protection.  So they will look for a nudj and Revo a location.  However with 3 Evaders I have no problem canceling the Revo's.  I get Vader to the Throne as early as possible and the drain there is usually to much for them to handle.	Duel the mains away, by using Disarmed before you duel, so they will not be able to play Glancing Blow.  Image of a Dark Lord, may even out the activation, and keep annoying effects off of the table with Alter.  Tough win, but with 4 visages in the deck you got it.

Falcon deck  This deck is starting to see a rise in my area.  It starts with Mwyhl.  If fact anytime I see mwyhl I start Presence on the Med Chamber.	First turn put Vader at Med Chamber.  Play carefully.  Look for Come Here you Coward.  If they get the Holo Table for there second Battle Ground, Deploy Image of a Darklord to kill what ever is there.  Remember to subtract 2 from every battle destiny everywhere all the time, to win most battle.  Do not lose a battle in space unless you want Legendary Starfighter to kill you.
Use Monnok wisely to see what they have.  Most of the time easy win.

Profit Start with no Effect.  Put Mara in Chamber since they will let you.  Put Vader out first turn.	And next turn move them both to TatJP.  Drain away.  Use sense against all of those cool interrupts. And Duel win you know you are going to win.  Visage may prove to much for them also.

HB Oh my god this deck kills HB.  Start with Presence and the Med Chamber, battle in space with you ships, and Alter those annoying effects and subtract 2 from thier destinys.  You win.

Ops I do not care how many times I play against Ops. Its just is an easy win.	For some reason I always get Vader down Early and Alter Yarna.	Then when I get Monnok it just cleans the hand up. It usually is game for me.  Battle like crazy if they don't run away. And if they have mains then Duel.  Either way they have more cards on table than you and you win.

Numbers Throne Room or HB, you have three Tortures for that.  The throne room version is easier to beat since you will hurt them with drains.	The HB version will be tough, but just Alter Wars not make one great and occupy a System and Ground and you will be fine.

There are some other deck types you might see and if you want to know how to play against those types then just drop me a line and I will help.

Just so you know I like the SAC, it is staying.

Thanks for reading if you really did ) '