---
layout: post
author: Roland "I_Vader" Sakowski
title: 'RTP My Way - Asselin-esque 2.1'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-02-27
description: ! 'Good RTP deck with only 3 loss in 16 games. Losely based on Raphael Asselin's deck that he got 4th at Origins last year with.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(8)
Rescue The Princess/Sometimes I Amaze...
Death Star Detention Block Corridor
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Yavin 4 Docking Bay
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room
Princess Organa
The Signal
Goo Nee Tay

Locations(4)
Rendezvous Point
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Hoth Echo Command Center
Endor Back Door

Characters(16)
3x 8D8
2x Artoo
2x Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
2x Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
2x Luke With Lightsaber
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Kal'Falnl C'ndros
Wedge Antilles
Threepio

Vehicles(5)
2x Lift Tube
3x Ronto

Starships(2)
Lando In Falcon
Spiral

Effects(5)
3x Death Star Plans
Battle Plan (Start if ISB or Ops)
Scramble

Interrupts(20)
3x How Did We Get Into This Mess
2x Don't Forget The Droids
2x Nabrun Leids
2x Lift Tube Escape
2x Transmission Terminated
2x Strangle
Alter
Sense
Rebel Barrier
Suprise Assault
Don't Get Cocky
WHAAAAAAAAAOOOOOW
I'm Here To Rescue You
Gift Of The Mentor  '

Strategy: '

Please people NO IDIOT REVIEWS This is a good eck and if you don't think so check the previous one It had 4 straight 4 stars until someone though he'd be cool if he game me a 0.5 star (

THIS DECK IS NOT MEANT TO DRAIN SO DON'T POST BAD REVIEWS ABOUT IT NOT DRAINING

Sorry about the last little bit but it really pisses me off when people give bad reviews

About The Deck
Yes i finally decided to make my own RTP deck after seeing Asselin's, and how well this objective can do at big tournaments.

Before I get any reviews about this being the same as the Asselin RTP I will say right of the bat that it is essentially the same. As you can probably see the core cards are all still there with some minor changes. I made these changes because of my Gameplay environment, and because i wanted to tech up this baby just a little more.

Card Added
Sense & Alter Because of the lack of SAC in my regoin out goes Wise Advice, and Grabbers, and in goes 1 sense, and 1 alter. These will allow me to protect my cards from my opponent, and still give me an offensive weapon by canceling cards like Bad Feeling Have I (a monster against this deck)
Threepio, Lando W/ Gun etc. The new characters are all in there to give this deck just a little more fighting advantage. Threepio is sweet with his Myo like regeneration, and the extra destiny with Chewie (not to mention when he is with Artoo)
Extra Site The only problem with RTP is the activation, with 4 2 icon sites in here that problem is effectivly erased.
WHAAAAAOOOOOW With the few number of characters in this deck, you can't have any eaten by the sarlacc, and placed out of play so this is in.
Don't Forget The Droids Numbers + makes 8D8 alot more useful after Leia is freed.
Scramble just read it )

Strategy
Get 8D8, or Artoo to the Corridor ASAP, and have 1 Ronto at D*DB, and 1 Lift Tube at the Corridor. With 8D8 she is free with a destiny >3 at any time (and with the average destiny in this deck this is a breeze), and with Artoo you have to find I'm Here To Rescue You (considerably harder to do). After she is free, retrieve your 4 force and use the vehicles to get her to the War Room all in the same turn.
In 9 games of playing this deck the latest i have freed her is the 2nd turn (with skill and strategy it is easy).
Once you free her protect as best you can (losing her and the objective isn't the end of the world as you can still D* Plans). And use your mains to lay the smack down everywhere. Traking Destinies for D* Plans and Fighting is childs play with HDWGITM so your fighting should be lots of fun (for you). Basically to win just FD, Battle, and Retreive. Even with secret plans on the tabel you have no problem as you can track your destinies so you retrive exactly the right amount of force.

I you like this deck please goto  Version 3.1

Hope you enjoyed this it is alot of fun to play,
-Roland

PS. This is a fairly high level deck with lots of tech, and strategies. If you aren't 1650+ rated on decipher, or a really good deckmaker please don't review this	'