---
layout: post
author: ! Justin "Bubba Joe" Beal
title: ! "Profit with a twist of Scouts"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-25
description: ! 'This deck uses scouts to free Han and direct damage to beat your opponent.  At least that is how it is supposed to work . . .'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
YCPBT/ ..OBD
Han with Blaster
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Strike Planning
Insurection
Do or Do Not

Locations (3)
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Docking Bay
Tatooine Judland Wastes

Characters (20)
Master Luke
Jedi Luke
Luke with Stick
Leia with Gun
Bousch
Chewey (endor)
Chewey with gun
General Han
Lando w/ Gun
Figrin D’an
Ben Kenobi
General Crix
Corporal Janse
Corporal Beezer
Orromarko
Geezum
Lt. Greeve
Major Panno
Colonel Cracken
Lt. Blount

Interupts (17)
Insertion Planning x2
Sorry about the Mess x2
Fallen Portal x2
Narrow Escape x2
Run Luke, Run
Rebel Barrior
It Can Wait
Siganl x2
Someone Who Loves you
It’s Not my fault x2
Grimtaash

Effects (5)
Reflection
What are you trying to push on us?
Aim High
Goo Nee Ta
Trafic Control

Weapons & Devices (7)
Anikan’s Stick
Obi’s Stick
Chewey’s Bowcaster
A20 Sharpshooter Rifle x2
Portable Scanner
Vaporator
'

Strategy: '

Well this is a basic Profit deck with lots of characters, but I try not to use them to free Han.  I either try to free Han using Someone Who Loves You, or setting up the sharpshooter outside the Audience Chamber to pick off the aliens that get put there.  Incase you don’t see this let me show you how.

First Turn pull Crix and then Beezer (with Crix) and the portable scanner.  Then second turn pull one of the a20 rilfles (portable scanner) and then pull either Lt. Greeve or Corp. Janse (with Crix) and deploy both.  If you don’t have Sorry About the Mess in had then be looking for it every time you look in your Reserve deck.  Once it and at least one of your battle stoppers (Rebel Barrier, Fallen Portal, and It can wait) is in your hand then shoot.  Gather mains and either deploy them elsewhere or wait until you flip to deploy them so that Bad Feeling Have I can’t do its stuff.

Reasons for some cards

Insertion Planning - Destiny 6, used interupt, and I have alot of scouts in here.

It Can Wait  There is nothing like seting someone up for a serious beat down the next turn with this and possibly a Rebel Barrier.

I have played this deck in approximately 15 games and have won about half, so I am very open to suggestions but it has done well and when it does lose, it normally doesn’t lose by much.	I have played and won against Dark Deal, SYCFA, and a close BHBM deck (won by 5).  Lost barely to a TIE retrieval (before I added Aim High), and lost the only large margin game against Raltiir (31).	I have never played against a Hunt Down deck so any suggestions there would be helpful.

Please give some some suggestions on improving this deck or how it could work better.

Bubba Joe '