---
layout: post
author: Justin "hoostino" Warren
title: 'Symphony Of Destruction (Hunt Down by Hoostino)'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-08
description: 'The Hunt Down I have been playing for some time now.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Start (8)
HDADTJ
Executor: Holotheater
Visage Of The Emperor
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Prepared Defenses
Mobilazation Points
Imperial Arrest Order
You Cannot Hide Forever

Locations (6)
Executor: Docking Bay
DSII: Docking Bay
Hoth: Echo Docking Bay
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Spaceport Docking Bay
Rendili

Characters (21)
Lord Vader x3
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x2
Emperor Palpatine x2
Mara Jade, The Emperors Hand x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
ECC 4-LOM
ECC IG-88
Commander Igar
Officer Evax
Colonel Jendon
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
Admiral Ozzel
Captain Sarkli
Admiral Chiraneau
U-3PO

Starships (5)
Executor
Chimaera
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Dominator
Bossk In Bus

Vehicles (3)
Blizzard 1
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Interrupts (10)
Trample x2
Alter x3
Monnok x2
Masterful Move x2
You Are Beaten
Shocking Rev.

Effects (4)
Security Precautions
Search And Destroy
Visage Of The Emperor
Hell To Pay

Weapons (3)
Vaders Lightsaber x2
Maras Lightsaber


Strategy: 

 
DECKLIST ERROR: Switch out Blizzard 1 for a Blizzard Walker.

RESPONSE TO REVIEWS: 

Why do people keep reviewing this deck? Please look at the date of submission first. Thanks.

Hmmmn. Many of you seem to agree that my location selection blows ass. I dunno. An early Lost In The Wilderness on Vader does not end the game for me. Ask Joe Horbey. Anyone notice how many characters I have? I can easily find him within two turns. And, when one considers that very few people play with LITW, it really is not a problem.
I have contemplated removing the Spaceport Docking Bay for the CC East Platform, but the Spaceport DB can go to Tatooine. Anyone ever heard of Profit? Also to Ops planet, Dantooine (DBO), etc. A little more versatile. Besides, QMC isnt very popular anyways.
Operational As Planned is definitely a better tracking card than Shocking Revelation. However, I guess you guys havent seen an Oola manipulator. Shock is my only way of stopping that dirty whore. Plus, it tracks easily enough.
Someone said that I will dump YCHF against HB for Sec. Precautions. USUALLY I will. That is, IF I dont already have it, or have problems finding it (notice how much I activate). Sec. Precautions is not needed generally within the first five turns. Plus, Id say half of HBs being played now are fake outs that use EPP swarms. Others use Numbers, another reason why I wait before dumping YCHF. Cmon, use your heads. No decent player is going to just automatically dump YCHF just because hes playing HB. Thats just silly.
Someone else said that Trample is no good because my destiny sucks ass. Overall, yes, but that is what tracking is for. Learn how to do it sometime.
Jendon is not a scrub. Go read how much he adds to anything he pilots. Then read his forfiet. Then consider that forfiet +2 with IAO. Gee, he kicks ass. Thats right, he does.
Boba In Slave 1 was dropped for the Dominator. Boba is great by himself, yes, but against the Super Falcon, he sucks ass. Against X-Wing Swarm, he sucks ass. The Dominator, on the other hand, I can retrieve many times, can put Chiraneau on board and get drains +1, and can add multiple pilots to. Hmmmn, you may disagree, but I like the Dominator better in here.
And finally, someone said that Trample targets ability only. Indeed, the card says that, but go check the CRD and you will see that cards targeting ability now target defense value. Thus, I can Trample Ben with a tracked MM.
END RESPONSE 

Well, there you have it folks, a Hunt Down deck that goes to show that Honor really does blow. Who needs No Escape? With hardly anyone packing Transmission Terminated nowadays, this deck can really lay the smack down with Visage and raw power. This deck hands it to many popular strategies out there now, including Profit, most TIGIH, Eloms, RST/Scouts, most all M&T decks, EBO, HB, and just about everything else. The only deck I have found to be a real pain is TIGIH Speeder Beats, which can be combated with Alter/Monnok.
The beauty of this deck is its ability to take Honor out of the game completely and quickly. Alter does the trick, as does the simple occupation of three battlegrounds within a mere three to four turns.
Play it like a Hunt Down deck, drop Vader fast and make them do something to stop the damage. Keep pulling out your sites and dropping power down against non-interactive decks. Against crap like Speed Profit, take the beating stick right to them and pounce immediately.
Against most decks, yes, you need to track. If you cant track, learn how to. It is seemingly so vital in todays environment and can flat out win games. Tracking makes the game better by reducing the amount of luck involved in playing, in my opinion.

CARD EXPLANATIONS: 
Why 2 Palpys? 
Hes a destiny six, protects Visage, and makes Mara power +2, can hold a site by himself. Pretty good for one card.

Why the Dominator? 
Retrieve it with Rendili text.

Why the Hoth DB? 
Because its another battleground to stop Honor and it can screw some chump the LS has sitting on the 1/0 light side version generating extra Force w/Staging Areas.

Why start You Cannot Hide Forever? 
Two reasons. One, it makes Jedi defense value -1, which comes in handy when I Trample Ben with a tracked Masterful Move. Two, like I’ve always said, Numbers ain’t dead. Yep, that’s right. Do YOU start with this card? Do YOU pack Torture or Resistance still? That’s what I thought. Hmmmm.

MATCHUPS: 

Vs. Profit/M&T: Take it to them quickly and don’t back down. Fight, but fight intelligently. Tracking can be vital here, but this game should be won every time. Use the grabber wisely if you get it, otherwise keep dropping and battling and their tricks will eventually stop. Use Trample to hinder Dodge and Narrow Escape. Drop Chiraneau on a lone Destroyer and drain for 2 all game against those ”ignore space” Speed Profit decks. Nothing to worry about here.

Vs. Hidden Base: Dump YCHF for Sec. Precautions quickly and commence probing and Visage damage. This one can be a challenge depending on your opponent, but you should win.

Vs. EBO: This shouldnt give you any problems, just keep Visage going and infiltrate Hoth. Alter Honor.

Vs. RST/Scouts: Go fight them, scouts die easily. Choke, swing, Trample, You Are Beaten = they die.

Vs. Eloms: Anyone ever notice that Eloms forfiet for 3? Anyone notice that these decks rarely use Yarna? Anyone notice I will win this game? Avoid serious beats by piling, and use the Choke, swing, Trample, and tracking to wipe them out.

Vs. TIGIH Speeders: This one is tricky. But thats why you manipulate them with Alter/Monnok to avoid their devastating power beats. These decks have nothing to stop Visage, so pick your battles (try to cancel Incom) and keep the steady direct damage flowing and you should pull it out.

Vs. Odds: Pffft.

CARDS I WANT TO ADD: 
Barriers
Blizzard 1
Lt. Cabbel
Battle Order
Secret Plans
Twi’Lek
extra Hell To Pay

Well, thats about it. Play smart and this deck should win for you. Of course it will change a bit after JPSD, but the general theme will remain, so remember that before you rate this.

Track Record: