---
layout: post
author: ! Blake "Zurai" Senn
title: ! "Hansicle Express (the right one)"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-03
description: ! "Repost of the deck I accidentally posted in the Dark section."
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Profit

Locations (9)
Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace
Mos Eisley x2
Docking Bay 94
Cantina x2
Echo Docking Bay
Roche

Characters (17)
General Solo (Hansicle)
Han w/ Blaster
Boushh x2
Chewbacca x2
Master Luke x2
Ben Kenobi
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Artoo x2
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Harc Seff
Melas
BoShek

Starships (2)
Lando in Falcon
Red Leader in Red 1

Weapons / Devices (4)
Obi's Lightsaber
Anakin's Lightsaber
Landing Claw x2

Effects (8)
Projection of a Skywalker x2
Traffic Control
Bacta Tank
Advantage
Insurrection
A Gift
Uncontrollable Fury

Interrupts (19)
Glancing Blow
Someone Who Loves You x3
It Could Be Worse x2
Courage of a Skywalker x2
Narrow Escape x3
Fallen Portal x2
The Signal x2
Sorry About the Mess x2
Rebel Barrier x2 '

Strategy: '

First an apology about the lateness of this repost; I intended to do it much sooner, but my modem chose that time to fritz out on me.


OBJECTIVE

Alright, the main focus of this deck is a slow and painful death for your
opponent. Quite a few cards to reduce damage done to you / avoid battles,
allowing you to spread the mains some for maximum benefit from the flip.

PLAYING THE DECK
STARTING

Start with General Solo for the increased protection (canceling a destiny and immunity to attrition) and immunity to Bubo. Use a Signal for Insurrection to protect from teleporting Vaders and provide a little extra force early on.

EARLY GAME

Use Insurrection to get out the Hoth DB before the Tatooine one if possible; that
extra 1 force over the opponent can come in handy.
You can free the Hansicle in two ways; get Leia to the AC and play Someone
Who Loves You, or just beat the living daylights out of the AC guards. The first
method is simpler and quicker, but the second is much more satisfying.
I usually only assault the AC when they have a weak defensive force; I prefer to
have Luke or Chewie waiting outside and free Han via Leia. The advantage there
is that you still block the DS drain at the Audience Chamber, and Han has
decent defense against a beatdown.

MID-GAME

Once Han's free, concentrate on getting him and a Profit buddy (Luke, Leia w/
cover broken, Chewie) to either the Cantina or Mos Eisley. Once you've done
that, you have a major mobility advantage over the opponent, since they have to
walk over the Docking Bay to get to you on the other side. Also, there's a trick
you can with the Cantina Shuffle During your control phase, first use ME's LS
text to move Han or his Profit buddy to the other site. Next, drain and make the
opponent lose to the objective. Then finish the ME movement, fully protecting
Han again. Neat, huh?
If the opponent drops Battle Plan, you have 3 options you can (a) drop Roche
and a ship (if you don't fear a space beatdown), (b) Landing Claw an opponent's
ship and detach during your turn, or (c) concentrate at only a couple sites and
pay to drain. Option (a) is riskiest, but nets you a drain if you can pull it off.
Also, don't worry if the opponent takes over Roche; they can't drain there.

END GAME

Hopefully your multi-Visage effect will have taken its toll on the DS. If at some
point they manage to off Han, use Someone Who Loves You to put him in the
Used Pile. Alternatively, you could keep Ben with him for revival or use Bacta
Tank, though the Tank's expensive with the General.

SPECIFIC CARD USAGE

Narrow Escape If you only have a few characters at a site, provides a realatively painless method of escape. Also, if used at a docking bay, you can DB Transit everyone for just 1 force

Fallen Portal A nasty surprise (or not so surprise) for someone who picks a fight at JP or either of the Docking Bays. Usually is best to target only 1 character unless you are tracking destiny.

Harc Seff Handy little permanent Could Be Worse. Plop him and some guards between 2 DS drains, and watch the opponent get really irritated.

SPECIFIC DECK STRATEGIES

against Hunt Down **One thing people fail to realise Once you flip, you can really care less about Visage with this deck. You have your own multi-Visage going and you can keep Luke and Obi at battlegrounds, making the DS lose to Visage as well. As long as they lose to Visage also, IT DOESN'T MATTER IF YOU DO. You have the advantage in long term damage over them.**  If you can get them to commit Vader early, you stand a good chance of winning. The 2-3 force a turn from your objective combined with the seriously reduced / canceled drains from your undercover spies and drains reducers will wear them down amazingly fast. If they use dueling, don't be afraid to use Luke or Obi, just be a bit more cautious. It's fun to make Vader chase a shuffling Luke or Obi.

against Space chances are they won't have a strong ground force, so you might be able to spread out some more. When using Landing Claw, be careful of
Homing Beacon (to cancel it) or Kiss a Wookie (to leave your ship stranded w/o a Claw). It's usually best to simply eat the space drains and work heavily on your turf.

against Ops Get Harc Seff to the Occupied world with backup ASAP. He'll do
you a world of good. Also, A Gift ruins ops.

against CotVG protect those mains, especially Han. You REALLY don't want him going out of play. The upshot is, if they capture Han, Leia can free him using Someone Who Loves You ;-)

against #'s haven't seen any numbers in a while, so this is speculation. They
likely won't deploy anything to the AC at start, so set up your drains on Tat and
free Han after losing a couple force. Spread out all across the planet and stop
activating afer they've inserted. The damage from the Objective will seriously hurt them.
'