---
layout: post
author: ! Larry "MonnokLost" Rigsby
title: ! "Myo s Scum and Jabba s Villany"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-21
description: ! 'A fine mixture of techness and beatdown and not to mention a damn cool theme.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations 10
Jabba's Palace (SL)
Audience Chamber
Dungeon
Cantina
Mos Eisley
Moisture Farm
Port Town District
Defensive Perimeter
Jundland Wastes
Tusken Canyon

Characters 22
Bane Malar
Myo x2
Mara Jade
Jabba
Gailid
4-Lom with gun
Boelo
Chall Bekan
Abyssin x13

Interrupts 14
Prepared Defense (S)
Imperial Barrier
Ghhk x2
Monnok
Twi'lek Advisor
Masterful Move
Projective Telepathy x2
Abyssin Ornament x2
Elis Helrot x2
It's Worse


Effects 10
Well Guarded
Reactor Terminal
Scum and Villany x2
Den of Thieves
Secret Plans (S)
First Strike (S)
Resistance
They're Be Hell to Pay
Oppressive Enforcement (S)

Starships 3
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Zuckus in Hunter
Fett in Slave 1

Weapons 1
JAde's Lightsaber'

Strategy: '

This deck went undefeated at my last tournament.

With Myo at the audience chamber Abyssins are monsters, Power 4 Deploy 1 (With S&V, for free with Bekan or port town.) Mixed with this is the tech combo of S&V, First Strike, and Projective Telepathy or Ghhk. Initiate a battle retrieve 3 cards and your opponet loses one, then cancel the battle with Projective Telepathy or Ghkk the damage and regenerate the Abyssin. I retrieve so much force with this that in a good game I won't have a lost pile. It's mad retrieval for the dark side. The Abyssin Ornament is also in there for some late game retrieval.
Aside from beatdowns this deck deals damage through force drains with 6 Drain 2 sites. I usually drop a single abyssin at a drain 2 site, with a ghhk in my hand, drain until he has enough force for a beatdown, then beatdown him with swarms of abyssins.
Now to the specific strategies.

VS. Profit. Very challenging, they convert your starting location. But thats no problem, you should pull something with the 9 other sites. Start with Mara and Boelo at the chamber. Get here saber and then delpoy Abyssins and Myo ASAP. It usually takes them quite some time to muster enough force for a beatdown. While they wait, drop and drain. They will have to expend resources to stop there or lose force. If you can keep the chamber the whole game then you won. Profit is not very popular in my area, so it's no problem.

VS. EBO. Very popular around here. This deck does surprisingly well against it. Start resistance instead of secret plans. With their drains limited to 2 they won't be doing any more damage than you and you can set up quicker. Drop and drain and get the ghhks in your hand. save the BH ships for unexpected beatdowns. Deploy them and keep them alive initiating battles and blocking drains. Just be sure to have a ghhk in case of the dreaded X-wing beatdown.

VS. Luke objective. Don't deploy Mara and laugh as their are no imperials and thus now ways of flipping. Just play normally, beat them down if possible, start battles and drain. Usually an easy victory.

VS/ MWYHL. Not very popular around here. Have yet to play it so I am not quite sure what to do. They will hurt your drains, but you should be able to hurt them enough to win in the late game.

That's it.

Peac out. '