---
layout: post
author: Justin "H2O" Desai
title: 'Speeders but no opps Version 3.0'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-05-07
description: 'Ok, all of it's weaknesses are gone now.  This deck is a machine.Phatest deck out there.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 


		 Start(4)
		 MWYHL
		 Dagobah
		 The Signal
		 Yarna

		 Locations(7)
		 Yoad's hut
		 Bog Clearing
		 Training area
		 CC Downtown
		 Entrance cavenrn
		 Hoth 3rd marker
		 Back door

		 Characters(12)
		 2x Epp Obi
		 2x ASP droids
		 2x Cap Han Solo
		 2x Boushh
		 Luke Skywalker
		 Yoda
		 ECC Chewie
		 ECC Lando

		 Vehicles(16)
		 10x Rebel Speeders
		 3x Sandspeeders
		 3x Snowspeeders

		 Starships(2)
		 2x Millenium Falcon


		 Jedi Tests(1)
		 Great Warrior

		 Effects(9)
		 Battle plan
		 first strike
		 frozen assets
		 2x man flaps
		 at peace
		 ultamatum
		 Uncontroable fury
		 Order to Engage

		 Interupts(9)
		 3x The signal
		 3x transmission terminated
		 fly Casual
		 effective repairs
		 Houjx 

Strategy: 

[Houjx is not in there, I hope She's alright is.}
opps i did it again, i called Draw their fire first strike, my apologies.]



Ok this deck's weaknesses are now gone.  The two weaknesses of this deck were:
Hunt down with early vader at the cantina and Endor opps big blue space.  The reason they're not weaknesses anymore is because...I added in Boushh to block that annoying interior site drain of 2(that's the only site that drains for 2 indoors once I've tested.) added in another TT.  Added in CHS and Falcon, lando and chewie on board will be able to hit and run in space.	just blocking the opponent's drains long enough for me to out drain him on land.  i hope She's alright has been added as well to destroy space decks(this card absolutely kills SFS)
As I've said before, if the opponent goes outdoors he loses.  If the opponent plays it safe and stays indoors or in space, i will out drain him.  The only game tjis deck ever lost(it's still a new deck so it hasn't played much) was to a Huntdown deck that got vader tothe cantina first turn, drained at the holotable and ran 5 visages.  Plus he knew my deck and he knew not to go outdoors, and I still only lost that game by 10.
Oh, by the way I also added numbers protection in the form of ultamatum, because i can track where my battlegrounds are pretty easy with site from RD deployment and occupy 3 BGs easy. numbers aren't a problem.
On to your comments:
Farmboy luke because he deploys for 3 and gives extra activation.  also because sometimes you can get him AND yoda out 1st turn.
Someone said I'd lose a Drain race with court deck that stays in the chamber...That wouldn't happen, he'd drain for 2 at the chamber(if he had POTF) and I'd be draining for at least 2 and 2 because i'd have at least 2 sites out.  Boushh will also help me now.
Ties would not be a problem because they'd have so many more cards on table than me, super falcon to slow their drains and i hope she's alright.
Test 2 is would be cool but it's not worth it, i don't really care if they can draw BD when Out power them by 30 or so.
OK, and the guy who said HD would kill me because  I'd lose Luke?  Then they could alter the flaps?  Ummm no...Luke goes to dagobah.  And you said I'd be losing 6 forse per turn but you only list a drain of 1?  Visage will be long gone.	I'll out drain a HD easily. 'Wraith' you need to understand the deck before you revirew, and don't lie in your reviews saying a drain of 6 will happen when thats impossible.
