---
layout: post
author: ! Justin "futbolb13" Brinkerhoff
title: ! "They Can/t Track"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-09
description: ! 'Hunt Down is still my favorite.  This deck should be able to take just about anything.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations(8)
Executor Holotheater
Executor Meditation Chamber
Hoth Deffensive Perimeter X2
Hoth Ice Plains
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Hoth War Room
Hoth Echo Corridor

Characters(15)
Darth Vader
DVDLOTS X2
Vader w/stick
Emperor Palpatine
Grand Moff Tarkin X2
Mara Jade
Fett w/blaster
Jodo Kast
Janus Grejatus
Commander Igar
Bane Malar
Admiral Ozzel
4-LOM w/gun

Starships(3)
Executor
Fett in Slave 1
Bossk in Hounds Tooth

Interupts(14)
The Circle is Now Complete
Vader's Obsession
Sense X3
Twi'lek Advisor X2 (s vs. MWYHL)
Omni Box X2
Force Lightning
You Are Beaten Sniper
Hutt Smootch
Sniper
Prepared Defenses (normal s)

Effects(12)
Visage of the Emperor (s)
Reactor Terminal
Presence of The Force X2
Expand The Empire
Imperial Decree
He Is Not Ready
There'll Be Hell To Pay
Broken Concentration (s vs. MWYHL)
Security Precautions
Oppresive Enforcement (normal s)
Imperial Arrest Order (normal s)


Vehicles(2)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2

Weapons(3)
Vaders Lightsaber
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
AT AT cannon

Epic Events(2)
Epic Duel
Target The Main Generator

Objective
HDADTJ/TFHGOOTU'

Strategy: '

*First note-this is a revision on my deck, "Foo on tracking Hunt Down"

As stated before this deck should hold up well against a host of LS decks.  It battles and drains well and has the means to take out many types of decks.

Against...

Training  Game over.  That deck is too powerful for it's own good when completed, but if it can't train...  Start with Broken Concentration.  As fast as you can get out He Is Not Ready, using Twi'lek if you have to.  If you have gotten it fast enough, even DoS with every adder on her and an At Peace can only pass the first test.	After that the math is just not in her favor.  At that point, you have two choices.  You can simply refuse to play a Vader, don't flip, and HINR and BC can't be altered, he can't test, you lose force, but he loses more from the drains with all the PotF and Expand, and you There'll be Hell to Pay his It Could Be Worse.  Heck, if he cancels Visage, even better for you.  Choice two; deploy Vader, hope the effects will slow him down, he has trouble altering Broken, and whenever you need to, Omni Box his ass.

Hidden Base Start with the normal stuff, since you don't need security precautions right away.  Get Decree working, then protect either Kessel or Coruscant with Executor after Precautions are out, then go probing with Fett and/or Bossk.	You should win the drain race.

Ops Imperial Decree/Visage/PotF/Expand.  You win drain race.

EBO  Throws a monkey wrench at you, but gives you a battle ground right away.	Take out the power generators with Vader on an AT AT, and that would be a lot of fun.  Even if not, move in, Control Def Perim and one other, and Decree is still good.

Any Other  It battles and drains well.  Should take care of itself.  Use the cards as they should be used, or even if they have another use.  Trap a character with he is not ready, give yourself better generation with Precautions, Drain like mad with all of PotF/Expand/Emperor/Janus Grejatus/Sabers, and don't let them stack destiny using Omni Box. The Force is with you...'