---
layout: post
author: ! Steven "Sir Yoda" Lewis
title: ! 'Invincible Court'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-17
description: ! 'This is the Court deck I used at the Nashvile Grand Slam, Worlds Day 1, and the Deciphercon Team Tournament.  It has never been defeated in tournament play.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
Court of the Vile Gangster
Tat Pit of Cark
JP Aud Chamber
JP Dungeon
Prep’d Defenses
No Bargain
There’s No Try
Oppressive Enforcement

Locations (4)
Tat Jabba’s Palace
Tat Cantina
JP Lower Passages
D2 Dockbay

Characters (21)
Mighty Jabba
Jabba
4LOM w/gun x2
Mara Jade x2
Fett w/gun x2
Jodo Kast
Dr. Evazan x2
Outer Rim Scout x2
Cloud City Engineer
Chall Bekan
Boelo
Djas Puhr
IG88 w/gun
Gailid
Dengar w/gun
Ephant Mon

Starships (5)
Bossk in boat
IG88 in boat
Dengar in boat
Zuckuss in boat
Jabba’s Cruiser

Interrupts (12)
Oota Goota, Solo?
Elis Helrot
Imperial Barrier
Hidden Weapons x2
Control x2
Hutt Smooch
None Shall Pass x2
Twilek Adv
Sniper

Effects (9)
You Can’t Hide 4ever
Secret Plans
First Strike
Search & Destroy
Security Precautions
Scum & Villainy x2
Disarmed x2

Weapons (1)
Mara’s Saber '

Strategy: '

Basically, just about every game, pull Mighty Jabba first turn to the Audience Chamber and start drawing cards.  Play reactive (i.e. dont deploy first unless you have to).  The strength of the deck is in the interrupts and battle gimicks (Hidden Weapons, Disarmed, Sniper, None Shall Pass, etc.), so use them wisely and dont be afraid to tackle big ugly mains (like Jedi Luke) with your aliens.  You should have everything you need to win ground battles.

Why not No Escape?
No Esape is good and if I made ANY changes, this would be the one I make.  I didnt include it because I think the FEAR of the card is enough to deter opponents from including <> sites or Honor in their decks.  Besides, this deck covers 3 battlegrounds pretty easily, so Honor isnt worth much anyway.  If HOTJ or <> sites are big in your area, swap in No Escape for an Outer Rim Scout.

Why Controls?
This cards is great.  Not only is it great SAC defense (to protect your Hidden Weapons or Elis at a key moment, for example), but it also kills those nasty Sandwhirls, which are popping up in the Agents Of The Court decks.	Also, the ability to kill a big Force Drain and then retrieve the Control in a battle makes this cards very powerful vs. EBO or Hidden Base.

Why Cloud City Engineer?
This card is pure tech.  Yes, he drains for +1 at the opponents docking bays (which can come in helpful).  But most importantly, he re-converts your Audience Chamber vs. Profit or Agents, which can be key for victory.

Why do you have both Dengar in P1 AND EJP Dengar?
There is ony one of each, so getting the duplicate is usually no big deal.  Also, you simply use the Dengar you need most to deal with your opponent.  If your opponent is playing space, save Dengar for his ship.  If your opponent is playing mains, save him for the ground.  The ability to drop either is very helpful in the meta-game.	(Same goes for IG88)

Why the Outer Rim Scouts?
These guys are champs	They absolutely ROCK on the alien ships and are key in operating Jabbas Cruiser.  Also, they are aliens which come down for next-to-nothing with decent power and can be pulled up with Chall.

Why the Disarmeds?
Talk about an easy way to off problem mains  Jedi Luke a problem?  Disarmed.  Ben Kenobi giving you grief?  Disarmed.	EPP Han adding too much destiny?  Disarmed.  You get the drift.  Then combine that with the Dr. Evazans and this combo is priceless.  Jim Sells gets credited for the mega-tech suggestion to pull the Rancor tech for the ”good doctor” and his favorite effect.

Why not any more locations?
You can pull the Dockbay from your deck, so you allow yourself a minimum of 6 Force a turn.  The only problem deck as far as activation goes is a Force-denial deck like Y4 Mains, and that deck took a beating when No Escape hit the scene.  Trust me, you dont need any more locations.

Now for the matchups...

VS. Hidden Base
Start YCHF instead of Theres No Try and (once youre sure hes not playing Odds) dump it to get either Sec Prec or S&D (whichever you need most at the time).  Let Court and S&D do damage while you spread to your sites for heavy ground drains.  Use ships wisely (so as not to get beat down by Xs or something) and dont forget you can deploy them straight from your Reserve Deck for easy hit-and-run retrievals.  This deck is usually an auto-win vs. Hidden Base due to the heavy direct damage.

VS. Profit
Start puny Jabba and Chall in the chamber (pulling the CC Engineer with Chall into your starting hand).  1st turn deploy the Engineer and convert your opponents Audience Chamber.  Then pull a support alien to back them up (usually Boelo, but if you have Hidden Weapons, pull Jodo).  Then proceed patiently, adding aliens to support Jabba.  Eventually (if your opponent isnt doing anything) spread to TatJP for a big drain and let your opponent come to you.  Whenever he deploys, use your tricks to kill his guys and you will win in the late game.  Ive played vs. four different Profit decks and have never had a problem.

VS. Dagobah / Training
Start Secret Plans instead of Oppressive and start YCHF instead of Theres No Try to pull Search and Destroy.  Get out fast and get the direct damage going early.  Spread for drains as fast as possible.  Speed is key.  If your opponent comes after you, use your interrupts to hold him at bay.  If he flips, be wary of Jedi Test 2 and continue the direct damage.  This is the toughest matchup, but since your opponent cant battle you on the ground, you should win almost every time.

VS. Y4 Mains
Play cautious and fortify one or two sites for drains.	Dont deploy the Cantina (it gives the opponent too much drain potential).  Your Disarmed and Hidden Weapons and Oota Goota will almost always win you this game.  Think about it since Y4 decks rely on battling you on the ground, you should win every time because this deck is rarely outbattled.

VS. Eloms
Are you kidding?  Auto-win.

VS. Agents / Speeders
Convert the Audience Chamber back ASAP with the Engineer.  Go to your interior sites and drain with Gailid and Mara.  Your drain damage is huge and most speeder decks cant hang.  DONT try to tackle the speeders unless you have to.	Dengar is a beating if you need to shoot down vehicles.  If Tessek is a problem, Sniper him.  Almost always an auto-win.

VS. Theres Good In Him
Dont deploy Mara (except FAR away from Luke if necessary).  Instead, kill Luke with 4LOM, Disarmed, Hidden Weapons, etc.  Then let your deck do its magic.

VS. Rebel Strike Team
HA  You win.  Wreck his guys and drain for tons.  Most Strike Team decks cant handle your heavy interrupt package.  If he wants to drain for 1 at Endor, let him.

Just play smart and you can win every game.  D-mail me with questions.

Thanks,
Steven ”Mr DQ” Lewis	'