---
layout: post
author: ! Geoff "Loaf" Gallo-Cornell
title: ! "Saber In Your Eye v3.0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-15
description: ! 'i know, three is getting along the lines of too much, but i really liked the other decks, and this one even more... enjoy'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(8)
Hunt Down
Holotheatre
Visage of Old Wrinkly
Power Of The Hutt
Mob Points
IAO
Prep’d Defenses
Epic Duel

Characters(15)
dvdlots x2
Lord Vader x2
Darth Vader
Mara Jade x2
Dr. E
Janus Greejatus
Slim Lou (sim aloo)
Emperor Palpy, Of Course
Elephant Man
Grand Moff Tarkin
ECC IG-88
ECC 4-LoveOfMoney

Locations(3)
Rendili
DDB
ExecutorDB

Starships and Vehicles(5)
Blizz 2
Tempest 1
Zuckuss In MH
Fett in Bubble
Bossk in Bus

Flashlights(3)
Vader’s Flashlight
Mara’s Flashlight
Darth Vader’s Flashlight

Red Cards(25)
Vader’s Obsession x2 (these need to come in BB)
Fear x2
Visage of the Emperor x2
Limited Resources x2
There’ll Be Hell To Pay x2
The Circle Is Now Complete x2
Put All Sections On Alert x2
Counter Assault x2 (great card)
Oppressive Enforcement (free grabbers)
Reactor Terminal
No Escape
Twi’lek x2
Your Eyes Can Deceive You
Secret Plans
Holonet Transmission
Trample





'

Strategy: '

----response to reviews----
Sparky -- what kind of review is that? im should give you all 2.5s....perhaps i will. jackass...

weasel -- i think you must have been living under some power lines, as the death star 327 docking bay (aka D*DB) is a battle ground.

Sir Yoda -- i admire your work, and your decks, but this is my style. i know you may think it is weak, but it catches people off guard, makes some people panic about losing cards off their deck, and so on. i think i may switch the fears out for two more limited resources or maybe two dreadnaughts, d-mail me with what you think if you read this.
---------------------------
*** whoops, forgot the meditation chamber. its in the deck, i just forgot to put it in there. thank to unias for pointing that out for me while youre there, switch out both fear for two dreadnaughts***

ok, this is the same strategy (pretty much, but i changed it alittle, to suit the decks changes) so if you read the second ones strat, you can probably get away with just reading the decklist and the changes from the last version.

----------------Changes From Last Version---------
Took out 2 tramples, all of the sevens but 2 visages, and some other junk cards. I put in ephant man, janus (by popular demand) and mara jade (also by popular demand). I wanted to add more space, and a small S/A package, but i couldnt find room, and still cant. If i add any space, id like to add two dreadnaughts, lmk what i should ditch for them.

about some problems with the old deck--
why play TiNT? the backside of the OBJ prevents them from playing S/A.

also, read about cake at the end of the ”cards and why they are there” section, its great and works well.
-----------------------------------------------


Ok, start by twi’leking for Your Eyes Can Deceive you ASAP That card is the king card Ok, your first question is going to be, WHY THE HELL IS HE USING THAT PIECE OF JUNK CARD? Well, the answer is simple, its one of the meanest card ever. Its pure evil. This is what you do with it. Put it down, and you make them so they cant see what cards they lose off their deck, and therefore are less likely to lose cards from their deck, because they’d be fearful of what they might lose (a key card, perhaps?). Use the fears (another mean card) to aid their losing of cards from their hand, then lay down a limited resources for a nice 4 force loss at the end of your turn, then play another during their turn for another 2 force. Thats six force you made them lose, just because they didnt want to lose cards from the top, but were forced to anyway. Now if they choose to lose cards from the top anyway (which they wont, i mean most people playing the game are not mentally ill, like my playtesting buddy) they will more than likely lose a key card, and not realize it. Perhaps they will even think that the card is in their force pile, draw up and waste a whole turn. The whole time visage will be pinging away at their decks/hands, helping you get limited resources down faster, and giving you an easier win.

Dueling helps make them lose force even faster, and you dont need focused attack since the destiny is so high (mmm tracked destiny and cakes (more on cakes later)) and slim lou likes stopping their tracking, plus GMT cancels a destiny and janus recycles.

Other reasons for cards

Mob Points And IAO -- obvious, for vader to get some activation.

Emperor -- more activation from him, and the holotheatre

Executor DB good to D lord vader -2, for a second turn vader just about every time.

Janus -- he enjoys recycling, he is that hobo that picks up aluminum cans for 5 cents a piece. hes great

Opressive Enforcement -- free grabbers, and recycles your cancelled cards

Your Eyes Deceive You -- incase you missed the whole big paragraph before this, it is took make your oppenent worry about what card is on top of their deck, and make them think twice about losing from there, so you can play limited resources easier

Visage -- the card that makes them cry, and you laugh

Trample -- crush jedi luke or obi instantly many other mains die as well.... again i say, mmm sevens

There’ll Be Hell To Pay -- cause i felt grabby

Dreadnaughts -- destiny 4 (with oppressive enforcement) deploy 5, poewr 5, ability 2 ships that rock.

Holonet -- id like another one of these, but i cant find room, since its good for stopping the ever so popular transmission terminated

Twi’leks -- cause twi’leks like to go fishing, and they usually catch an effect

limited resources -- read the card, its great

ZiMH -- cause zuckuss is the GAND, and he stops destinies

Vaders Flashlight -- cause vader is afraid of the dark scary docking bays when he is there all by him self.

Darth Vaders Flashlight -- cause vader is a pitcher and throws a mean curveball.

Cake -- i like to make cakes. what i do is i activate all my force after i have a big hand, and reactor terminal down. then i put all my 6’s, 7’s, 5’s and possibly 4’s into my deck, and dont deploy anything. i just go about my business, deploying as little as possible (damn bith shuffle) and using those nice destinies to fuel counter assault (my third favorite card....) even if you must deploy, it doesnt mess it all up, as i usually only do this later in the game, when i have most of my characters down, and dont need to deploy much anymore, as they are on the run.


Matchups

EBO -- EASY. this deck wreaks ketwol and barqwin ebos. they cant tell whats on top of their decks, so they die. plus hunt down is just generally good at wreaking EBOs.

Profit -- ive never played a profit with this, so i cant really tell.

MWYHL -- should be easy. use the fear technique to hit them hard off the top or from their hand. MWYHL can be card intensive, so make it hurt.
TIGIH -- take luke with vader asap, to get a force choke on them. then use fear and eyes
BHBM -- if you are playing against BHBM with a HD, you have problems, and should quit the game.

dont give this a bad review without what i should change, or ill personally make you regret it. if i get a bad review, fine, but it damn well better have a reason and a way to fix it. if you are too lazy to type a paragraph, you shouldnt be on here, or reviewing this deck for that matter. thank you to those of you competent enough to type a short message to help me out. also, please dont review this bad just for being the third one, i am not posting this for the rating points, im posting this for constructive help, as i want to be a better player, and i need your help. another thing, dont say to add cards without a hint of what to take out, it really makes me mad when i cant pick a card to take out...thanks


--Loaf	   '