---
layout: post
author: Lee "Terron" Edwards
title: 'Bounty Deck (A DeckTech Collaboration)'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-01-25
description: 'Bounty Hunting using ECC and EJP cards as the major theme.  I originally created this deck, but David Akers and Neil Razi of DeckTech Admin, and the #1 rated member Mike Fitzgerald helped me perfect it at a SWCCG mini-party last weekend.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objectives (1):
Court Of The Vile Gangster / I Shall Enjoy Watching You Die

Locations (7):
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace: Dungeon
Jabba's Palace: Rancor Pit
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Great Pit Of Carkoon
Tatooine: Lars' Moisture Farm	x2

Characters (20)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle  x2
Boba Fett  x2
Boelo
Bossk with Mortar Gun  x2
Chall Bekan
Cloud City Engineer
Dengar with Blaster Carbine  x2
IG-88 With Riot Gun  x2
Jabba  x2
Jodo Kast
Lyn Me
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand	x2
Mosep

Creatures (1)
Rancor

Starships (4)
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts (15)
Elis Helrot  x2
Hidden Weapons
Hutt Smooch  x2
Imperial Barrier  x2
Oo-ta Goo-ta, Solo?  x2
Sniper
Trap Door  x2
Twi'lek Advisor  x3

Effects (11)
All Wrapped Up
Bounty	x2
Expand The Empire
First Strike
Reactor Terminal
Resistance
Scum And Villainy
Search And Destroy
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay

Weapons (1)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber  

Strategy: 

Update #2
Someone mentioned that Bossk is better in space than ground.  NO NO NO!  Bossk is the only ship in my deck that can be landing clawed, and he is the BEST bounty hunter on the ground.	You're almost guaranteed to capture SOMETHING if you have a Bounty at the same site.  Bossk is one of the only characters in the game who rewards you for drawing low destiny.  His ship should be used only as a hit and fade tactic.  Also, it works well with Zuckuss in Mist Hunter at Kashyyk so you can satisfy the 6 ability requirement.

Update #1:
Alot of people have commented about my use of both Bounty hunters and their ships.  As I said under general comments, you have to play smart.  Use the ship persona if you think you need them and the ground if you need the hunters.	You should be able to handle yourself with 2-3 ships in space.	its very uncommon to find a good balanced LS deck these days, so most likely, you'll get to chose between space and ground.

Also, I don't want to use the Dagobah BH ships for two reasons:
1) ECC/EJP ships game text is awesome
2) I cant retrieve and redploy the pilot from reserve
Really, it isnt a problem to not deploy some of the BHs so you can use them in space.

Also, thanks to the comments of several people, I realized I had no Secret Plans in here.  Take out the Cloud City Engineer (Imperial Barriers should destroy the LS EJP Obj anyways) and replace with Secret Plans as counters for LS EJP and MWYHL.

Side note:
This deck was intended to be a fun bounty hunting deck, thus if I take out the Bounties and Trap Doors, it becomes a straight aliens deck with over-redundant aliens who can capture but not bounty or feed to Rancor.	Also the Bounties arent needed, but can help *ALOT*.  Its absolutely lethal to retrieve from both Bounty and Rancor, with that +5 forfeit on Fett's text.

vs LS EJP Obj:
start Scum and Villainy+Jabba+Chall Bekan or Mara Jade.  Deploy all the aliens in your hand at -3 deploy each (-2 if you used Mara) .  Deploy maras stick on her and draw for imperial barrier.  Use Imperial Barriers to hold off attacks, then bounty and capture.  Set up Mosep and stick Mara at Jabba's Palace with lightsaber when you feel comfortable, draining for 3 from Reserve.  Expand the Empire on AC if you want more aliens, or LMF if you want the weapon destiny+force drain bonus enhancement.  Relocate Mosep to wherever the strategic advantage is and do damage with drains, Search and Destroy, Objective text, First Strike, battle damage, and Rancor.  Retrieve with First Strike, Scum and Villainy, Dungeon, and Bounties.  If they try to A Gift you, Hutt Smooch the droid.  If they deploy Boussh to try to free Han, Hutt Smooch immediately before she breaks cover and your Objective flips.  Feed to Rancor. =)

vs Hidden Base:
start Scum and Villainy, deploy your ships from reserve and retrieve with Scum and Villainy+First Strike, this should recirculate ships back into your deck to deploy next turn.  Probe with Security Precautions, and keep away Undercover spies with Hutt Smooch.  If the spy is Boussh, TK-422, or Tamtel Skreej your Objective flips.  Bounty before smooching for retrieval.  Do damage with First Strike, force drains, Search and Destroy, and Objective text.  If they come to suspend Objective text, Elis over, Bounty, capture.  If they come to fight, Imperial Barrier, Bounty, Elis if needed, capture.  leave Mosep with your low drains so they have to chose between cancelling drains of 3+3and losing 2+2 from reserve or losing 3+3 and cancel the Mosep drains.

vs Ops:
Use Dengar with Blaster Carbine to take out speeders (he can target vehicles) and Elis if they don't use Insurrection. First Strike and Scum and Villainy to retrieve.  Battles, First Strike, Objective text, and reserve deck drains should cut them down.  Mosep can be placed at Expanded LMF so that you can drain around him for at least 1 even with the Obj flipped.

vs normal M&T:
same as against LS EJP Obj except you get to drain at AC.

vs decks that split between ground and space:
dont deploy Fett, Dengar, or Bossk until you find out where youre going to need those personas (space or ground).

Generally:
don't deploy Bossk in Hounds Tooth unless you know Landing Claw won't be a problem.  It's the only ship Landing Claw can attach to.	You can land the bus at a site and the landing claw will no longer let them satisfy battle plan
persona rules arent really a problem if you PLAY SMART, against objectives that could conceivably cause problems in both space and ground, learn to divide your forces

Cards you may want to tinker with:
more Hidden Weapons - i don't really like this card, but you can always try to fit some in
E Chu Ta - good for anti-epp stuff, i replaced with Imperal barriers because they work even without 4-LOM and solve the problem of epp suicide squads
secret plans + shocking revalation if oola is big in your area
dengar's riot gun - too expensive for my taste, but some people like it
docking bays - for early generation
tortures - for high destiny, #s protection instead of resistance, and against droids youve captured with hutt smooch
point man - if youre afraid of order to engage
dreadnaughts - as probe machines with good destiny that dont take up BH persona slots, but keep in mind they suspend scum and villainy.

Have fun!    