---
layout: post
author: ! Jamie "JEEBS" Giberti
title: ! "Dantooine Air v1 0"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-06-07
description: ! "Dantooine that flips qucik and takes to the skies"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting

Dantooine base Operations
Dantooine
The Signal
Wise Advice (4)

Effects

 Farm
 Swamp
 Forest
 spaceport D Bay
Ralltir
Kessel
Coruscant
Kiffex (8)

Weapons

Anakins lightsabre
Obi-Wans Lightsabre (2)

Creatures

Nudj x 3 (3)

Effects

Goo Nee Tay
Bacta Tank
Docking & Repair Facilities
Traffic Control
Mantellian Savrip
3 x Kessel Run (8)

Characters

Luke with Lightsabre
Obi-Wan with Lightsabre
Han with heavy blaster pistol
Leia with Blaster Pistol
Boushh
Captain Han Solo
Master Luke
Obi Wan Kenobi
Chewbacca
Tawss Khaa
Orimaarko
Lando Calrissian
Melas
2 x Ralltir Freighter Captain (15)

Interrupts

4 x It Could Be Worse
2 x Nabrun Leids
2 x Its a Hit
Lost in the Wilderness
Courage of a Skywalker
Glancing Blow (11)

Starships

4 x X-Wing Squadron
2 x Y-Wing Squadron
2 x Millennium Falcon
Red Leader in Red 1 (9)
'

Strategy: '

This is a very fast DB Ops deck. It normally flips on turn 4, but a 2nd turn flip has been done. Start by getting the swamp and nudj, and repeat the next two turns so you have 3 locals and 3 Nudjs. Goo nee Tay is also very good, it makes Imps like vader and Mara deploy 10 to dantooine. Once the Nudjs are out, deploy 3 rebels (and more characters if you want) and flip the objective. Keep a good hold on two of the three locations, preferably Swamp and Forest.
Once flipped, go into space. A squadron will give drains of 4 at Kessel and Coruscant + another 3 at kiffex. Use the Falcon to do K run, so you can make it in one go.

VS ISB

They will still be able to deploy their agents to dantooine (cos they*re all spies) so you will have to beat them up. Lost in the wilderness is for 5D6-RA-7 if they send him to dantooine. You should be able to beat on them on the ground, and if you pull off a quick flip, the space drains will hurt

VS HD

Be careful. You may want to substitute a Nabrun Leids for a transmission terminated if HD is popular in your area, but there is still boushh to cancel it. There is plenty of Anti-dueling stuff in the deck, so don*t be too worried. they will have a hard time trying to sense things while HD is on flip side, even with DV, they will have to draw a 1

VS COTVG

Could be the biggest problem, as aliens are unaffected by goo nee tay and the objective*s deploy increase. Don*t spread too thin, or they will beat you down. Get into space fast, you will have the advantage.

vs This deal is getting worse.....

Don*t let them get DD going. If neccessary, flip DBO then go all out on cloud city and space, so you can stop them controlling 3 sites. If they do get it going, your -1 will help. Best way is to stop them before they flip.

VS Heavy space

SFS will get trashed by the squads and superfalcon, but BIG BLUE could be more of a problem. You will have to keep dantooine safe, and pick your battles carefully. If they try to deploy on the ground, Kill them

Thanks for reading '