---
author: Brad "Uncle Chall" Vogel
title: 'Hidden Numbers with Suicide Mains'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-01-27
description: 'A Hidden Base deck which utilizes numbers and Suicide EPP's.  Inspired by Matt Lush's recent commentary.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Objective:
Hidden Base

Locations(8)
Rondezvous Point(SL)
Dagobah
Bespin
2 Kessel(S)
Hoth
Tatooine
Dagobah:Yoda's Hut

Characters(17)
2 R2-D2
2 8-D8
R2-X2
R3-T2
2 EPP Obi
2 EPP Luke
2 EPP Han
2 EPP Leia
ECC Chewie
Wedge Antilles
Torynn Farr

Starships(10)
5 Correlian Corvettes
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1
ECC Lando
Spiral
Tantive 4

Interrupts(15)
5 How Did We Get Into This Mess
3 Transmission Terminated
3 Signal(SI)
2 Houljix
2 Tunnel Vision

Effects(9)
5 Never Tell Me The Odds
2 WYTTPOU
Wise Advice
Haven(SE) 

Strategy: 

****UPDATE - Apparently, I wasn't aware that this type of deck has been circulating around lately.  I thought that it was a new idea and I apologize for using someone else's idea.  My only intent was to try something new based on Matt's comments.  I don't plagiarize decks if you will look at my page.  So, please don't review this deck and give it a 1/2 star for copying.  I didn't realize it when I posted it yesterday.  Thanks for your time and if you would like do to a real review, then please go right ahead.****

I was reading Matt Lush's commentary the other day about an interesting Hidden Base deck which utilized Numbers and Suicide Mains.  This is my first version of it and I want to see what everyone thinks.  Start the RP with Haven.  This will let the Corvettes go down free and from there you should have a droid and a HDWGITM.  Deploy the droid and utilize HDWGITM to insert a Numbers into your opponent's deck on the 1st turn.  This puts some early pressure on the opponent.  Fetch Dagobah and then the Hut for added force generation.  Hopefully, they'll deploy quick and leave some timid forces about.  That's when you start using HDWGITM and Tunnel Vision to get EPP's into your hand for the inevitable beatdown.	Just deploy en masse and forfeit everything after the battle while doing some major damage and hopefully clear the site.  This leaves the Numbers strategy intact as the opponent doesn't know what to expect next.  After that, it's a regular Hidden Base deck with enough firepower to defend Kessel if necessary
 Use the grapplers for torture, and make sure to kill NT Vesden with the EPP's.  TT is for HD and everything else is self-explanatory.  Please let me know what you think and remember that this is just an idea I was toying with.  It probably has some huge flaw that I missed, so LMK.  Thanks for reading,

Uncle Chall	 