---
layout: post
author: ! Dan "Mystikal" Christy
title: ! 'Desert Storm Relived in the Y2K'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-28
description: ! 'Draw the Iraqi's to the battlefield then let the swirling winds destroy them.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective
ISB Operations/Empire's Sinister Agents

Locations
Coruscant(average starting)
Imperial Square (vs. HB)
Cave (generator)
Desert (huh?)
3x Tatooine Desert (what?)
Mos Eisley

Characters
8x ORS (the pilots)
Chall Bekan (deployment reduction)
IG With Gun (assassin, oh yeah)
4-LOM With Gun
2x Darth Vader
GMT

Vehicles
Dune Walker
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1
T Scout 2
T S 4
T S 5
T S 6
(getting it yet? you will)

Starships
Zuckuss in MH
Dengar In P1
Bossk In HT
Boba in S1

Effects
Reactor Terminal
2x Hell to Pay (might switch one to a Tentacle as to have 2 of those)
Tentacle
Secret Plans
ABCTTU (no operatives please)
Crush The Rebellion (typical starter)
4x Sandwhirl (ah-ha)
Security Precautions
Den Of Thieves
IAO (no surprises)
Resistance (3 battlegrounds is easy)
Oppressive Enforcement

Interrupts
3x Control (I'll cancel Sandwhirl when I'm damn ready)
2x Evader
Twi'lek Advisor
2x Abyssin Ornament (I like to go get my scouts)
'

Strategy: '

Hopefully by now you don't think I'm crazy. Here's the deal, you setup your ORS in the Tempest Scouts and the AT-AT's. When they finally come to battle you, they will suffer losses that will sting for the rest of the tournament. You may lose force, but the forthcoming Sandwhirl will take out those pesky mains. The At-St's will react and save your ass, and the deserts being battlegrounds will give you better drain potential. I realize the generation is low, but once their folks are missing you will have all the time in the world (well at least within 60 minutes) to setup. AND MAINS IS NOT A PROBLEM YOU JUST HAVE TO SURVIVE ONE BATTLE AND THEN SANDWHIRL THEIR MAINS The docking bay and the drain +1 sites are not in because I cannot deploy a sandwhirl to them. AND I'll probably change something for a Point Man.. probably a sandwhirl. The Controls are in there so You can redeploy your sandwhirl provided you have another one in hand. Trample isn't in here because I don't trust my destinies (spelling?) and sandwhirl will hurt them worse than their guy dying. YOU CAN'T ALTER SANDWHIRL. '