---
layout: post
author: ! Joe "JoeCool144" Fox
title: ! 'Life Is Peachy'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-06
description: ! 'This deck is named Life Is Peachy becuase it was the CD I was listening to when I redid my deck, Our Most Desperate Hour.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'
		 Hidden Base
		 Rendezvous Point
		 HFTMF
		 Your Insight Serves You Well
		 Squadron Assignments
		 Menace Fades

		 Sites
		 Dagobah
		 Dagobah Yoda's Hut
		 Home One War Room
		 Hoth War Room
		 Massassi War Room
		 Alderaan
		 Tatooine x2 (start with objective)
		 Tatooine Jundland Wastes
		 Tatooine Cantina

		 Characters
		 Obi-Wan Kenobi x3
		 Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x2
		 Lando With Gun
		 Boussh
		 Daughter Of Skywalker
		 Tawss Khaa
		 Capt. Han x2
		 DS2 Wedge
		 Orrimaarko
		 Colonel Feyn Gospic
		 Momaw Nadon
		 Boshek
		 Bron Burs
		 Melas


		 Starships
		 Millenium Falcon x2
		 Red Squadron 1
		 Tantive 4
		 Spiral
		 Red Leader In Red 1
		 Gold Leader In Gold 1
		 Home One
		 Liberty

		 Weapons
		 Obi-Wan's Lightsaber x2
		 Luke's Lightsaber

		 Effects
		 Our Most Desperate Hour x3
		 Honor Of The Jedi
		 Mantellian Savrip
		 Bacta Tank
		 Frozen Assets

		 Interrupts
		 Control x4

		 Admiral's Orders
		 Combined Fleet Action
		 Capitol Support '

Strategy: '

Ok lets do this

CARD EXCHANGEBoth Admiral's Orders for 2 Twi'Lek advisors and Bacta Tank for Battle PlanCARD EXCHANGE


		 I start with Your insight because I can get honor of the jedi out quickly. I have plenty of characters for OMDH and for fighting. 4 Starfighters, 4 Captiols. Works good with the admiral's order. I have 2 twileks to get out my effects quick. ESPECIALLY BATTLE ORDER Some guy who reviewed this deck gave me the idea. It's great, that and menace fades is too mean. This Deck is meant to be played like throne room mains. I KNOW SOMETHING SPECIAL PLANNED FOR THEM HURTS THIS. But not much. The OMDH's are only a side strategy, not essential to winning...at all. This could just run as a fake hidden base deck. The ground forces are pretty good, all characters are ability 3+ so I should retrieve 9+ with OMDH if I get it going. I get wedge and han up in their ships quick then I use the Capitols for support. Both wedge and Han can do the OMDH run in the same time. So their cool. I have some other pilots in their too...just in case. Feyn gospic is a pilot   and ability 3, so he's perfect in here. Visage is dead with Honor. Menace hurts them a lot and is GREAT in this deck. With ships in the sky and people on the ground....WHY NOT? Isn't menace fades great. I love this deck Even with something special planned for them it is great Why would I need to retrieve more than 3 times? I've already won by then it's throne room without the throne room....It totally throws your opponent off. it's not everyday you see someone playing OMDH. Oh yeah, one last thing. Controls are cool. What are they gonna sense and alter that hurts me? Nothing, except OMDH(is that immune to alter? I forget. Dont matter, I have controls.)

vs. Rallops.
FROZEN ASSETS haha. no reacts. Pound down with jedi luke and obi and friends against a few tempest scouts. Too easy. Frozen Assets is so cool.

Vs. Hunt Down.
not as strong anymore, but still cool. Honor hurts em alot, Make sure that you keep some jedi down and dont cancel visage. Keep em off three battlegrounds. Don't deploy your battlegrounds. ALL huntdowns have places where you can drain for like 2 or more. Drain them at their sites, lose your battleground sites. Menace fades helps with their puny force drains. You should always win against huntdown.

Vs. Ties.
Set up your ground drains quick if you can. Make sure you have a lot of power at tatooine, alderaan is a little more protected. drain em with sabers. Use savrip if you lose a battle to soak up the damage with some extra jedi in hand. The ties should die from the attrition eventually. DO NOT GIVE UP SPACE UNLESS IT IS ESSENTIAL TO WINNING. This is the one deck that you need to try to retrieve to counteract their retrieval with SFS.

Vs. Set Your Course For Alderaan.
AHH actually, it ain't that bad. Most of em don't even blow up alderaan. If they use miiyoom onith. jedi luke should be able to stay on the death star alone and take her out when she comes down.

Vs. ISB.
Don't deploy your drain sites. Fight the stupid spies. If it is ISB forcechoke, your will win. Build up your drain sites and watch em fry. Get out dagobah and yodas hut, they can't drain their. Plus, it wont matter if you give em 2 force, they will have a lot anyway.

Vs. Bring Him Before Me.
Hmmm...Just retrieve and dont let em win battles pretty much. It could be hard. Not sure, haven't played many. Tell me how you think this deck would do against A WELL MADE BHBM.

Thanks for reviewing.

P.S. The guy that gave me a four, even though he said it was a 5 star deck....why? Just because I like KoRn or what?   '