---
layout: post
author: ! Adam "General Solo" Prosak
title: ! "Picking on the Short Kid again"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-15
description: ! 'If the LS can't occupy two battlegrounds, then Come Here You Big Coward will practically shut them down.  This deck uses the lack of battlegrounds and a huge activation advantage to make sure that the LS can't occupy the two battlegrounds.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (8)
Death Star(start)
Death Star War Room
Coruscant
Coruscant Imperial Square
Hoth Wampa Cave
Hoth Ice Plains
Dagobah Cave
Executor Meditation Chamber

Characters (14)
Darth Vader, DLOTS x3
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Mara Jade x2
Commander Igar
Boba Fett w/Blaster
IG-88 with Riot Gun
Jodo Kast
J'quille
Miyoom O'nith
Baraquin D'an

Weapons (2)
Vader's Lightsaber
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Starships/Vehicles (8)
Tempest 1
Executor
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Avenger
Devastator

Interupts (19)
Twi-lek Advisor x3
Torture x3
I Have You Now
Evader
Sense x2
Alter x3
Masterful Move x2
Monnok
Set for Stun
Imperial Barrier x2
I'd Just As Soon Kiss a Wookie

Effects (9)
Come Here you Big Coward (start)
Battle Order (start vs. Ops)
Reactor Terminal
Broken Concentration (start vs. MWYHL)
Crush the Rebellion
Bad Feeling Have I (start vs. M&T)
There'll Be Hell To Pay
Security Precautions (start vs. HB)
First Strike
'

Strategy: '


The first thing that people notice about this deck is the locations. I start with the best location in Star Wars, the Death Star. Then I have all 7 of the twix(2 for me, none for you) sites the DS has to offer. This deck has a max drain potential of 3 (Coruscant and 2 sabers). But the point is not to drain. It is to battle. Currently, the DS has better characters for battling and this deck use that too it's full advantage. If the LS doesn't deploy to battlegrounds, then CHYBC shut them down. Battle Order hurts them for playing an unbalanced deck. The LS doesn't have enough power to fight in both theaters against a deck with this power. Besides the sheer activation power, the reason I use only 2-0 sites is because the LS can't take them over and drain under CHYBC. The other red cards are primarily to enhance your battling advantage. CtR is just sweet and makes Vader very good. Imperial Barrier and IJASKAW are good at preventing a dropstrike and in combo they can cause massive beats on a Landing Claw or Undercover attempt. Broken Concentration has a variety of uses including preventing them from drawing up, screwing up destiny tracking, ability to starve a choked opponent, and the obvious Jedi Test staller. The support characters are simply amazing. Miyoom can completely lock an opponent out of the game, Baraquin is excellent with the high destiny cards. J'quille is plain amazing. High power, spy, and excluing ops/ANH Chewie is very good. Set For Stun is good for trainees and for beatdown if you can track well.

Once the deck gets into mid game, it is amazing. High activation + reactor Terminal artifically increases you avg. destiny and you can track like mad. Because of the lack of SAC (and poor SAC defenses), Sense and Alter are very good in this style of deck. Even if it's grabbed, cancelling a few important effects (like Bacta Tank) is very good. In conjunction with Monnok used (with only one, I only use it lost if I know I'll get something good), an Alter on a Traffic control can cause alot of disruption.

'