---
author: Alex "george3785" George
title: HDADTJ Big Blue Style
side: Dark
date: 2000-01-25
description: Use the quickness of the hunt down objective to set up power and massive drains.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective:
Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out of the Universe

Locations (10)
Executor: HoloTheator
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Endor: Dark Forest
Endor: Landing Platform
Endor: Forest Clearing
Endor: Back Door
Endor x2
Kashyyk
Kessel

Characters (12)
Darth Vader x2
DVDLOTS x3
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Mara Jade TEH x2
DS-61-3
Commander Igar
General Veers

Starships and Vehicles (14)
Executor
Death Squadron Star Destroyer x2
Dreadnaught x2
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Dengar in Punishing 1
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 6
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Dune Walker

Interupts (8)
The Signal x2 SI
Masterful Move x2
Monnok x2
Evader x2

Effects (15)
Visage of the Emperor x2
Ominous Rumors x2
Security Precautions
Presence of the Force x2
Battle Order
First Strike
Bad Feeling Have I
Come Here You Big Coward
Imperial Arrest Order
Secret Plans
Crush The Rebellion
Reactor Terminal






Strategy: 

This Deck Is my first go at a deck like this and id like some constructive help. It is a deck based on Huntdown and Ominous Rumors. It allows for a setup of massive drains to eat away at your opponent. You mainly want to get out the endor  sites and planets out quickly and set up a big presence there. Then you want to deploy the Rumors and set up thge massive drains. You want to protect endor with your best starships so that rumors isn't canceled. At the sites you want to setup the walkers and big characters.You want to play the interupts for the obvious reasons and the effects are an important shield for the deck.

VS. Hidden base: Start Security Precautions and when they flip probe endor, kashyyk, and kessel and stay there protected from damage and drain.

VS. MWYHL: This Deck will do ok but not run to its fullest potential against it. you might want to throw in broken concentration but that wont help much to cancel the first test.

VS. Mains and Toys: Stay on Endor and do the normal drain. If they come to you, beat down on them. You will outrun them in the drain race if you stay on endor.

VS. Ops: This will be rather easy. Start battle order and send a small fleet opver and cut up those operatives.

So far ive played this deck 10 times and it only lost 1 time. It lost to a mind what you have learned deck but i played in a rematch and won. Please give me some help on how i can make this deck better. 