---
layout: post
author: Chris "Wedge231" Wodicka
title: 'Starcraft Multi Slayers - The Final Version'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-10
description: 'Last version of my Hunt Down before Reflections 2.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Start (9):
Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out of the Universe
Executor: Holotheatre
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Visage of the Emperor
Epic Duel
Prepared Defenses
You Cannot Hide Forever
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points

Locations (4):
Death Star: Docking Bay 327
Cloud City: East Platform
Executor: Docking Bay
Carida

Characters (14):
Darth Vader x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith
Lord Vader
Darth Vader with Lightsaber
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Emperor Palpatine
Mara Jade
Adrimal Ozzel
Captain Sarkli
Dr. Evazan
Grand Moff Tarkin
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle

Starships (4):
Bossk in Hound&#8217;s Tooth
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Chimaera

Weapons (2):
Vader&#8217;s Lightsaber
Mara Jade&#8217;s Lightsaber

Interrupts (16):
Alter x3
Holonet Transmission
Masterful Move
Put All Sections on Alert x2
Vader&#8217;s Obssession x2
Focused Attack
The Circle Is Now Complete x2
You Are Beaten
Twi&#8217;lek Advisor
Weapon Levitation
This Is Some Rescue
Conter Assault

Effects (8):
Visage of the Emperor x2
No Escape
Secret Plans
They&#8217;ll Be Hell To Pay
Oppressive Enforcement
First Strike
Search and Destroy


Strategy: 

------- Excuse my HTML tags please.

This is my latest dark deck. It s a basic high destiny Hunt Down deck. I hope you like it.
I have yet to use this deck in tournament play but in testing it has gone 3-2. Its only losses were caused by me stupidity.

Basically, you want to pull Carida (thanks Brad!) and Executor Docking Bay on turn 1 to get some quick activation. Try to drop someone there to boost the activation at the docking bays. Next turn you pull the Death Star: Docking Bay and put Vader there to flip and then just drain and do direct damage. If they come tothe Death Star, Put All Sections on Alert takes care of EPP’s or immunity. That card rocks. If Obi or Luke goes somewhere else just pick up Vader and drop him down to their site and duel them. You should be able to track with all the 5’s and 6’s along with Janus. Sim, 4-LOM, and Tarkin also helps you win duels. I choose those locations because I am immune to Lost in the Wilderness and Projection of a Skywalker at those sites. This deck should be able to beat most decks. Here is how to play vs. decks.

MWYHL Test 5 or 6: Flip fast and ditch You Cannot Hide Forever and get S&D damage going. Grab It Could Be Worse. No Escape will kill Honor. You can easily drain for 2 a turn plus 2 a turn to Visage and S&D. This is tricky but can be won.
Drain in space if you want but watch for Falcon.

EBO/HB Space: This is not big in my area, but if I face it I will have to just drain on the ground and battle them. In space I will have to concentrate at one system for fear of beatdown. Most EBO decks by me are speeders or mains with unique ships. Most HB decks around here are X-wing swarm and I think that is almost an auto loss for me. If you feel EBO is too strong for me, I can always drop something for Decree or Resistance. For X-wing swarm I can track some high destiny and Counter Assualt them all. I have caused 17 damage to some decks from one Counter Assault. Alter Rebel Fleet, S-foils, etc. Search and Destroy is good vs all out space.

Mains (HB, TRM, Test to 3): This is easy. Most mains decks don’t play many drain sites so they will come to me. Battle them with tracked destinies and duel Luke and Obi. You Are Beaten and Put All Sections on Alert are huge here. Alter Bacta Tank, Savrip, other annoying stuff.

RST: This is hard but can be won. Just go to their planet and duel Obi/Luke. Vader wrecks them. Slice and dice up those scouts and use super high destinies to take em out. Remember, DoS can’t drain or battle when you’re flipped. Not too bad of a matchup but don’t go to space too early, I’ve had X-wing Cannons kill my guys and I lost a game because of that.

Profit: Dueling again is big. Kill Han somehow with Mara, or Vader. Start aliens if you want. You can also get a first turn flip vs Profit which is cool. You win as long as they don’t stay on the seven side too long.

Agents in the Court: Direct damage will be big early on. This game is tricky but can be won if you play right. I have yet to play vs one of these yet so I want to see how I would do. Chances are, they’d wreck me but Counter Assault might help here.

TIGIH: Don’t make me laugh..... This is auto win, you drop someone to Endor DB first turn, you capture Luke, Vader picks him up, you run to your docking bay, you deal damage, you win :) If they chase you with mains, they can’t use Luke, Obi gets dueled, and Rebels get Put All Sections on Alert played on them. Eloms or speeders might be tough but the early activation advantage will help you win. Plus Eloms are bad when you take 2 out per battle with your destiny draws. Plus you slice one and choke another. Sarkli is god against this deck!

Thanks for reading,
---- Wedge 231
http://www.tosche.f2s.com   