---
layout: post
author: ! Jonathan "Soma" Morse
title: ! "DarkOccuDeal"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-26
description: ! 'Uses ECC Objective and reacting biker scouts to pull off Dark Deal and/or Occupation.  Flexible deck design does not rely on a single strategy.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective 1
TDIGWATT/PIDAIAF

Locations 8
CC Plaza
CC Casino
CC DB
CC Port Town
CC Upper Walkway
CC Tower
Bespin CC
Bespin

Characters 16
EPP Vader x2
Sith Vader
GMTarkin
Mara x2
Non Unique Biker Scout x3
Elsik
Avarik
Barich
Irol
Dresolyn
Dr. E
Ozzel

Weapons 1
Mara's Saber

Vehicles 5
Tempest Scout 6
Speeder Bike x4

Ships 6
Executor
Zuckuss EJP
Bossk in HT
Boba ECC
Dengar EJP
Dreadnought

Interrupts 17
Twi Lek x2 (one starting)
High Speed Tactics x2
Sense x3
Alter x3
Imp Barrier x2
Sniper x2
Monnok
Ghhhk
Masterful Move

Effects 6
Resistance (damned numbers)
IAO
Battle Order
CC OCC
Dark Deal
Bad Feeling (starting) '

Strategy: '

I apologize for the length- I wanted to be comprehensive and avoid unneeded questions.

First of all, I don't plan to pull off both Dark Deal and CC OCC in every game.  I'm realistic, and I understand that this would be extremely difficult to do.  Instead, I designed this deck in a flexible manner so that I can utilize whichever strategy best suits each game.  For instance, if my opponent is playing Dagobah training, instead of playing Broken Concentration, which he would eventually get around, I concentrate on CC OCC.	Flipping the Objective is nice, but certainly not vital.  The strategy if flipped is to initiate Dark Deal with at least one ship sitting at Bespin and another at CC.	As soon as I flip, I move the ship at CC to Bespin.  I abandon CC for the rest of the game, because I only need to control it when I initiate Dark Deal.  After that it is unecessary to stay there, however it is absolutely necessary to hold Bespin.  Once Bespin is secure I throw down CC OCC if it is convenient.  To be honest, flipping isn't that big of a deal.  It's the Dark Deal and/or the CC OCC that are important.

The Biker Scouts are outstanding.  They allow for insane reacting, and with Mara or Vader riding on the back of the bikes with weapons buzzing, it constitutes a sizable but spreadable force.	Three nonunique scouts allow me to get all four bikes out quickly, because the non unique scouts can pull one out every turn.  I have in five unique scouts who work extremely well with one another.  My personal favorites are Elsik (the mini-ghhhk), Avarik (whose presence can add as much as 3 to battle destiny) and Barich (who subtracts a destiny from opponent's attrition and power).  I have noticed in games that opponents often are unfamiliar with all these scouts and become confused and disoriented by all the little combos.  High Speed Tactics is also a used 5 that adds destiny and can tallon roll speeders.  I have in two Mara's, because I wanted to work in her saber.  Why you ask?  Because recently I have been losing games solely because of undercover spies.  I would play with Pol Treidum and Bubo, but it was never enough.	(R2 is immune to both)	With two EPP Vaders (and a Sith) and two Mara's and a saber, my two Snipers should make short work of any spies who come along.  Also, Sniper is just a great card, and is quite underused.  It works well with the two imp barriers too, since I stop them, reduce their force, deploy then battle.  Evazan is in for obvious reasons, the two sabers.

TS6 is in since it's a reacting spread deck.  If they try to sense my reacts I have in three alters.  I usually prefer four senses and two alters, but I went with three and three because this deck is much more in danger of senses, as well as the fact that I can use the three alters on Frozen Assets and Beggar if they try to stop my reacting.  If they get one past the goalie, I have Elsik (mini-ghhhk) and a real ghhhk which I can pull out with MM.  That'll keep me safe from beatdown.  Imp barriers as well.  I always play with two Monnoks, but in this deck I decided on one and a MM for the ghhhk.

Resistance for numbers.  (Grrrrrr...)  IAO to pull out the DB, stop Nabrun, and enhance forfiet.  Battle Order screams in this deck, because I should pull it off every game.  I love starting with Bad Feeling because it slows down the opponent SO much.  It is enhanced when I control Bespin and all their characters and vehicles deploy for another +1.	I can pull out CC OCC and Dark Deal early on with the Objective.  If they don't come to CC and face me, I will just trash them, because DDeal can outdrain and CC OCC will add to the pain.

I have a sizable space fleet, and four of the six ships can go to CC since they move like starfighters.  With that many ships and a plethora of pilots (even if they don't all add power) I should be fine in space.

It's a pissed off deck with plenty of counters, tech, and safety nets.  It has huge drain potential and huge indirect damage (CC OCC).  I wanted to fit in Search and Destroy but couldn't really find room.	Maybe I will though.  Hope you like it.

Oh, and one last thing  Everyone who has reviewed this deck has given it four to five stars, with one exception.  Clint Hays is truly a bastard.  He gave it one star with the thoughtful review "this objectvie sucks."  I don't even consider this a review, I consider it the actions of a small, petty man, who is extremely insecure and has to tear others down to get attention.  His disrespect hurts Decktech, and everyone who uses it.	'