---
layout: post
author: ! Nick "JediBrain" Stefanko
title: ! "Icy Lockdown"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-24
description: ! 'This weird deck does well to throw your opponent off and cause a lot of direct damage.  It is a winning deck, surprisingly.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'LOCATIONS - 7
Hoth
Hoth Defensive Perimeter
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Hoth Echo Corridor
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Hoth Ice Plains
Hoth Mountains

CHARACTERS - 20
Admiral Chiraneau
Admiral Motti
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral Piett
Colonel Davod Jon
Commander Gherant
Commander Igar
Commander Merrejk
Darth Vader
Emperor Palatine
General Tagge
General Veers
Grand Moff Tarkin
Janus Greejatus
Lieutenant Commander Ardan
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Officer Evax
Sergeant Major Bursk
Sergeant Narthax
Sim Aloo

STARSHIPS - 6
Chimaera
Dengar In Punishing One
Devastator
Dominator
Flagship Executor
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

VEHICLES - 3
Blizzard 1
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

WEAPON - 1
AT-AT Cannon

ADMIRAL’S ORDERS - 2
We’re In Attack Position Now (x2)

EPIC EVENT - 1
Target The Main Generator

EFFECTS - 11
Battle Order
Empire’s New Order
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Mobilization Points
Overseeing It Personally
Presence Of The Force (x2)
Reactor Terminal
Rebel Base Occupation (x2)

INTERRUPTS - 9
Always Thinking With Your Stomach (x2)
Control
Imperial Command (x3)
Prepared Defenses
Twi’lek Advisor (x2)
'

Strategy: '

Starting stuff
Hoth Ice Plains, Prepared Defenses for Imperial Arrest Order, Imperial Decree, and Mobilization Points

Object of deck
To start the deck off on the right foot, you need to pull Hoth Echo Docking Bay first turn and drop someone there.  Next turn, you’ll have decent activation.  In the meantime, use Imperial Command to pull Admiral Piett.  Use Piett’s gametext to pull Commander Merrejk.  Once deployed somewhere with a Scomp link, use Merrejk’s gametext to pull Hoth.
This is a double-occupation style deck, and is exceptionally fun to play.  The goal is to get both Presence Of The Forces down to 2 non-battleground Hoth sites, then occupy them with generals or commanders with both Rebel Base Occupation and We’re In Attack Position Now on table.  The combination of this, and Overseeing It Personally on Emperor Palpatine, you can feasibly bring your opponent to their knees with direct damage.
If playing against an Echo Base Ops deck, there is the added bonus of using Target The Main Generator to blow the Main Generators, and hence easily cancel EBO; it may not be efficient, but have you ever seen a successful TTMG cripple your opponent?  Imperial Command gives you the ability to pull the generals and admirals you’ll need both on Hoth and at Hoth holding the system, plus helps in battles.  The deck is heavy with characters so that you should be adequately be able to hold all of Hoth.
This deck has no retrieval engine.  It is designed to work fast and punish your opponent fiercely. '