---
author: Matt "Darth Con" Ward
title: 'Court of the Vile Bubo'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-07
description: 'The normall non-flipping deck that I love to play.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective: Court of the Vile Gangster

Characters:
Chal Bekan
Iggy with gun
Jodo Kast
Mara x2
Boba with gun x2
Ephant Mon
U-3PO
4-lom with gun x2
Beolo
Djas Puhr
Dengar with gun
Mighty Jabba
Danik jerriko
Galid
Dr. E.
Cloud city engineer
 Jabba
Mosep
Salacious Crumb

Locations:
Tatooine:Great pit of carkoon
Jabbas palace:audience chamber
Jabbas palace:dungeon
Tatooine:cantina
Death Star Two Docking Bay
Jabba’s Palace: Lower Pasages
Tatooine: Jabba’s Palace

Weapons:
Mara’s stick

Interrupts:
None shall pass x2
Twi’lek advisor
Hidden weapons x2
Imperial barrier
Projective telepathy x2
Prepared Defenses
Elis Helrot
Hut Smooch
Sniper

effects:
No Bargain
Scum and villainy x2
Secret plans
 You Cannot Hide Forever
Disarmed
Search And Destroy
Security Precations
Lateral Damage
No Escape
Hutt Influence
Power of the Hutt

Creatures:
Bubo

Ships:
Bossk in Boat
Zuckuss in Boat
Dengar in Boat
Ig-88 In Boat





Strategy: 

Strategy:
Ok, ya start with Court, the sites that come with, Prepared Defenses, No Bargain, Power of the Hutt and You Cannot Hide Forever.
Get bounty hunters out and force drain until they try to stop you then go into full batte mode. Use cards like hidden weapons to hurt them real bad.

With Dengar, Zuckuss and Iggy make sure you put them where they are needed most: air or space. Be reasonable if your playing Hidden Base put the ship to “probe.”

I love Bubo. (you know what I mean) He eats most low-priced characters for lunch: scouts, troopers, pilots, ect.
GO BUBO!

In Depth Strategy:
	Almost always I start with Court of the Vile Gangster/ I Shall Enjoy Watching You Die, Audience Chamber, Great Pit of Carkoon, Dungeon, Prepared Defenses, No Bargain, You Cannot Hide Forever, and Power of the Hutt.
	If the my opponent is playing Profit, I also start with Chall Bekan (remember to take a non-unique alien into hand {the Cloud City Engineer is a must}) and Jabba( the non-mighty kind) I will explain my choices in the deck to deck section below.
	On the first turn (unless playing Profit) take Mighty Jabba into hand. Then start drawing cards. What you want is Ephant Mon, Boba Fett, and Beolo. You can also get them with Power of the Hutt. The reason for these three are two are leaders, one has a built in shot, and all have a great effect in battle. If you build up a big force in the Chamber you can figure out what exactly your opponent is doing.
	Against most decks I build up forces on Tatooine and begin to force drain. Cards like Galid and Mosep are essential in this plan because together force drains are +1 at Jabba’s Palace sites and all lost force comes from reserve deck. All of that for a deploy of 3.
	If your oppent foolish enough to come down to Tatooine, hopefully your sites will have enough characters to allow you to win.  If your oppent deploys to much use None Shall Pass or Barrier. Cards like Dissarmed, Hidden Weapons, and  Sniper could totally change the situation.
	If you get Bubo to a Jabba’s Palace site and the oppent loses characters in a battle, they can’t move away, you may jump the remaining characters.
	Only use the ships when you are probing or see a weakness in their fleet. This deck beat an EBO with characters in ships at Hoth without losing any ships because of Zuckuss and Bosk’s ships awesome text. I beat him by something like 35-45 cards.

Deck by Deck
Here are the decks that I can think of right now:

Hidden Base:
With YCHF you can pull either Search and Destroy or Security Precautions.  Either way you get your ships out once their objective is flipped and you probe them. Each turn they do not occupy Tatooine they lose one. If you have S+D out they will lose unless…	When you probe their base, Sec. Pre. will make them lose force. After the probes, pick away  at their fleet with your ships. During the whole game, remember to force drain.

Profit:
Start with same effects and Jabba and Chall. You get the Engineer into your with Chall. Power of the Hut will give you Beolo and Ephant  Mon. The main idea is to build up a giant force at the camber. O yeah the Engineer is in here for this deck so use him to change the chamber. Since they can’t drain, you can just sit in the chamber watching there forces build, but not as quickly. They will attack. If you have Bubo there remember to eat. Your force at the chamber should be higher than his so he will go limping away… Wait Bubo says they can’t move! You can beat them down with the remainder of their forces. You Win.

MWYHL: Sec. Plans instead of Power of the Hutt.
Get S+D out and they will begin to lose because of Court and S+D. That’s 2 lose on your turn and 3 on theirs. That’s 10 lose by turn 3. They will probably try to stop that by deploying to Tatooine. Kill them with your hunters. By the time they’re trained they will have lost so much the Leia or Luke will not be able to save them

SMALLLER USED DECKS
RST: Let them force drain you for one at bunker as you control Endor preventing them from flipping. Force drain at home while you wait to win. O yeah Court will help.

TIGIH: Easy force drain on Tatooine and Court will help. If Luke comes to Tatooine kill him. Keep Mara away. 4 Lom with gun is his downfall. Destiny of one will make Luke go to attrition. HE HE HE HE

EBO: Let them play ther game with ocanional attacks on there fleet. Court and your force drains should kill them.

New JPOSD: No bottom behind this deck. Most of the ones playing this have not used it for long and its not good. Any way, you don’t see it in top ten.

That is about it well Bye and Thanks.





