---
layout: post
author: Chris "Wedge231" Wodicka
title: 'High Destiny Hunt Down'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-28
description: ! 'I decided to scrap the Big Blue theme.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (8)
Executor Holotheatre
Executor Meditation Chamber
Endor Backdoor
Endor Dark Forest
Endor Forest Clearing
Tatooine Cantina
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Kashyyyk
Coruscant

Characters (12)
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x2
Darth Vader With Lightsaber x2
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Mara Jade, the Emperor's Hand x2
Dr. Evazan
Dengar with Blaster Carbine
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle

Starships/Vehicles (6)
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser x2
Death Squadron Star Destroyer x2
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts (21)
Alter x3
Sense x3
Focused Attack
The Circle is Now Complete
Vader's Obsession
I Have You Now x2
Elis Helrot x2
Torture x2
Masterful Move x2
Twi'lek Advisor
Evader
You Are Beaten x2

Effects (8)
The Dark Path
Visage of the Emperor x2
Broken Concentration
Security Precautions
Secret Plans
Battle Order
Crush the Rebellion

Weapons (2)
Vader's Lightsaber
Mara's Saber

Epic Events (1)
Epic Duel

Objective
Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out of the Universe	'

Strategy: '

I decided to switch from plain old Big Blue Huntdown to dueling with minimal characters. Here's a pretty detailed strategy.

Locations
With the exception of the two Executor sites, the locations are there for the force drains of 2. They all also give me 2 force icons. This is quite handy. The Audience Chamber will let me convert their Audience Chamber and it will let me pull Mara from reserve and then pull her saber for a steady drain of 2.

Characters
Let's see, Darth Vader choice is because I find the saber to be useful, that why there is two EPP versions. The DVDLOTS is there for choking low ability dudes and maybe even some high ability guys if you get a lucky draw or if you track a 6 or 7. The reason for only one regular Darth is because his +1 battle destiny ability isn't all that great in here and he doesn't have a built in weapon like the other two. Grand Moff Tarkin is for cancelling battle destinies with Vader. Mara is a spy so you can use her against Throne Room decks and she is also a good all around character. She can also duel Luke and she can pull her saber from reserve. Combined with the Audience Chamber, she's pretty versatile. Evazan, Fett, and Dengar are there for shooting peeps with Evazan operating on them.

Starships
The Dreadnaughts are there because they're only a deploy of 5 and they have good destiny compared to most other ships. The Death Squadron Star Destroyers are there because of their immunity and the two bounty hunter ships are there because they can draw battle destiny by themselves and because Zuckuss in ship is quite deadly with his game text and all.

Interrupts
The S/A is there because cancelling an opponent's card is very powerful. Cards such as Our Most Desperate Hour, Traffic Control, Goo Nee Tay, Bacta Tank, and Courage, Transmission Terminated, and Glancing Blow are all cards that are not immune to senses and alters. Focused Attack, Circle is Now Complete, and Vader's Obsession are all pretty self explanatory since I'm doing dueling in this deck. I Have You Now will be for battling mains and it can be pulled with Crush the REbllion so that helps. Elis Helrot is for moving around and dueling people. Torture is there for Odds protection and Masterful Move is for a good recyclable 6 destiny that can be used to pull Visage. Twi'lek is so I get a starting effect, You are Beaten is for taking out annoying people and stuff like that. Evader is for anti-revo and for recycling Vader if he gets lost.

Effects
The Dark Path is a very powerful card in dueling. It let's you choose your destinies basically and to get rid of low destiny cards. Visage is pretty self-explanatory since you need it for the objective and it provides force loss for the opponent. Broken Concentration and Security Precautions are for MWYHL and Hidden Base respectively. Battle Order is for Ops and other draining decks. Secret Plans is there to limit retrival and Crush is to fish out Evaders, I Have You Now, and for cancelling Clash of Sabers.

Weapons
Saber's aid in dueling and Mara's can be pulled by her from reserve.

The objective and Epic Duel are there because the deck revolves around them.

Here are some tips for when playing certain decks.

Against Profit
Slap down Mara and pull her saber. You Are Beaten his guys when he tries to free Han. Duel Obi and Luke. Get Secret Plans out.

Against Tosche Station Mains Play Security Precautions and you'll have just enough to get Vader out first turn to Tosche. Use I Have You Now's on mains and You Are Beaten his guys. Duel and use S/A on his anti-duel stuff.

Against MWYHL play Broken Concentration and drain alot. Use I Have You Now, You Are Beaten, and use Secret Plans. There's 2 2/2 sites here so your drains will still be effective.

Against Hidden Base Start Security Precautions. Use ships to probe. Probe stuff and use the Death Squadron Star Destroyers' immunity and Zuckuss in Mist Hunter's text to probe quickly without losing stuff to attrition. If you think they're playing Faukle type HB use Alters to slow him down.

Against speeder ops Battle Order will slow them down. Alter Manuevering Flaps, Yarna, and anything else they throw down. Use Dengar to shoot stuff down.

Anything else Start Security Precautions or The Dark Path and try to flip early. Use I Have You Now and You Are Beaten.

Against Odds Use Torture's and beatdown.
'