---
layout: post
author: ! Joe "Prophit" Gold
title: ! "But I don’t want to be destroyed V 2 0"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-25
description: ! "Get Han out fast and drain big."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(8)
YCEPBT/OBD
Tatioone Jabba&#8217;s Palace
Jabba&#8217;s Palace Audience Chamber
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol (frozen)
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Insurrection
Uh-oh
Staging Areas

Locations(5)
Tatioone
Tatioone Jundland Wastes
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Spaceport Docking Bay
Home One Docking Bay

Characters(22)
Master Luke
Luke With Lightsaber
General Solo
Boushh
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk
Artoo
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Obi Wan With Lightsaber
B&#8217;omarr Monk x2
Elom x5
BoShek
Tawss Khaa
Admiral Ackbark
Tessek
Orrimaarko
Lt. Blount
Rennek

Starships(5)
Independance
Defiance
Liberty
Masanya
Home One

Weapons(1)
Luke&#8217;s Lightsaber

Effects(5)
A Gift
Bo Shuda
Honor Of The Jedi
Aim High
Order To Engage

Interrupts(14)
You Will Take Me To Jabba Now x2
Narrow Escape x4
Someone Who Loves You x2
Fallen Portal x3
Tunnel Vision x2
Sorry About The Mess
'

Strategy: '

Start by pulling all 3 docking bays. With Staging Areas you can get 13 force by turn 3. Also get Han out as fast as you can by overpowering your opponent or Boushh and Someone Who Loves You. A lot of people don’t deploy to the AC so try to make a strong 1st or 2nd turn flip. Once he is out move him to Tatooine Jabba’s Palace and Bo Shuda the Audience Chamber. Use the cards to keep Han alive and keep him in the Docking Bays on Tatooine so you can use the Fallen Portals. I don’t have Ben Kenobi in here because I don’t have him. He also doesn’t protect Han from capturing. Instead I put a lot of Narrow Escapes in and a couple of Fallen Portals. Deploy Tessek to the Audience Chamber. You use the YWTMTJN cards on him first. Now you can use the Eloms and B’omarr Monks to add to your force drains. Make sure you put and Elom at Home One Docking Bay for an easy drain. Make sure your starships are deployed to places where they can stop Decree. This is very important I dont have any On The Edges in because my destinys arent very high and they arent really worth it. If your opponent tries to get in a drain war with you or doesnt go near you just out drain him with all the drain bonus. Also try not to get dueled.

Why certain cards are in here
Rennek-to stop creature attacks
Aim High-against court decks it helps
Lt. Blount-against ISB
Tunnel Vision-I get a lot of force generation so it will help to get out characters.
Sorry About The Mess-kills undercover spies

These may sound obvious to some of you but you won’t believe some of the reviews I have gotten.

Against certain deck types

RalOp-come on, its like an auto win. Flip fast. Drain. Send guys to Ralltiir.

BHBM-do not deploy Luke to save Han. YOU WILL LOSE. Try to stop Isignificant Rebellion. I haven’t played against this deck yet so I hope I don’t sound dum. If you have a better way could you tell me.

Hunt Down- Get out Honor fast. Try to bunch up at strongholds a commit to one site at a time. Get your Eloms going too.

ISB-get out Blount. That why he’s there.

Court-Center aroung key strongholds all around Tatooine. Start Aim High instead of Uh-Oh. Get Rennek to Hans site also. It’s not good if he’s eaten.

TIEs-ah, the great match up. Lots of fun to play. Get Han out fast and drain anywhere. Use your Ships in pairs and watch for Lateral Damage. Go to try to out drain them. This is fun to play




'