---
layout: post
author: Chris "CGogolen" Gogolen
title: 'Gogolen's Numbers(Pure Evil Genius)'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-17
description: ! 'Kick ass DS numbers deck that is 12-1 and will be dead in 3 days when death star 2 comes out.  Good enough to get me 16th at Origins.  Only loss was by 5 to because of really, really bad draws.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start(6)
Set your course for Alderaan
Death Star
Death StarDocking Bay
Alderaan
Twi'lek
Battle Order(usually)

Interrupts(15)
Counter Assault x2
Look sir droids
set for stun
put all sections on alert x3
twi'lek x2
dark manuevers
masterful move
imperial barrier x2
omni box
limited resources

Effects(12)
3720 to 1 x5
Secret Plans
Pride of the Empire
Lateral Damage
bad Feeling have I
Reactor terminal
There'll be hell to pay
First Strike

Characters(13)
Tech M'or x3
R5-A2 x4
CZ-4 x3
Dr. Evazan
Dengar with Blaster
Darth Vader, DLOTS

Locations(6)
Death StarWar room
Death StarDetention Block Corridor
Death StarDetention Block Control Room
Kiffex
Kashyyyk
Endor

Ships(7)
Ig-88 in IG-2000
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Dengar in Punishing One
Fett in Slave 1
Vader's Personal Shuttle
Dreadnaught

Vehicles(1)
Blizzard 2
'

Strategy: '

I really shouldn't have to explain too much, very straightforward.  put tech mor at 1 death star site, and 2 droids at another site. insert for crazy damage, use space drains/battle to speed up the insert popping and the force loss for the opponent.	Use battle order to make them pay for drains.  Dr E, dengar with gun, choke vader can be used to get around ultimatum.	blizzard 2 can sit at DS docking bay to get around battle order. Counter assault whenever they have a drain set up with some cheezy guys.  The whole deck is 4's and up, with plenty of 6's for maximum damage.

Now, let me explain some card choices because I'm sure some people won't understand everything.

Set for stun-use this to boot wedge or some other high destiny character off the table after they declare ho much they will activate so numbers hurts more. Also screws jedi testing and utinni effect retrieval.

Look sir droids-kills artoo, also can be used to kill one of your own droids if you get three early and can't find tech mor.  deploy droids and then when you have tech, kill one of them.

Pride of the Empire-more direct damage, works great on ig-88 in ig 2000 since they can't battle him back to make the card go lost.

This deck is great, performs well against all types of decks.  Has beated y4mains, y4 space, hidden base, tat mains, profit, etc... and all played by quality opponents(Lolli, Lingrell, Dalton, etc).	Sure it may be dead with DS 2, or maybe not, who knows how the meta works.  The point is it's a damn good deck right now.

'