---
layout: post
author: ! Jim "Stimmed Jim" Li
title: ! "Stimmed Jim/s EBO"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-04
description: ! 'the deck i used at Continentals'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations
Hoth MPG
Hoth 4th marker
Echo DB
Echo Corridor
Echo War room
Hoth
Kiffex
Forest

Characters
Capt. Han x2
EPP Leia x2
EPP Luke
Luke Skywalker
EPP Obi
Obi Wan Kenobi
Melas
Baragwin x3
Ishi Tib x3

Reds
WYTTPOU
Menace Fades
Effective Repairs
Honor of the Jedi
Windchime x3
On The Edge x2
Wise Advice
Order to Engage
Legendary Starfighter
The Signal x2
Punch It x2
Squadron Assignments
I Know x2
EBO
Fury
ANSB
A Few Manuevers x2

Ships
Falcon x2
R2inR5
Spiral
RLinR1

Greens
Ewok Catapult
Bionic Hand x2
Intruder Missle
X-wing Cannon x3

Adm. Order
I'll Take the Leader
'

Strategy: '

This is a pretty decent deck.  Obviously this is based on David Akers' Baragwin EBO deck but there are some major differences in how it's played plus i teched it out a lot for post DSII.

The point of the deck is to get out i@#$%ibs and baragwins on hoth and then start draining for mad in space, this deck will wreck almost all of the space decks out there.  you'll either put out the falcon early and drain as fast as you can, or you can wait and beat down the opponent in space and cause major battle damage and cause Legendary Starfighter damage.  With retrival and baragwins, you should be able to win the drain race.

This deck is acturally more like a MWYHL Super falcon deck than a EBO deck and should be played as such.

The forest is very sweet, it is anti- CHYBC, Battle Order, Search and destroy, and ROps all combined in one card, and as with all other cards, you should be able to draw it consistantly due to the ishi-tibs.

A Few Manuevers is anti- tie decks with cannons that can recycle a 5 and try to shoot your falcon down.

I have some people question my ability to dominate space, trust me, I've never had a problem with space, usually what happens is my opponent piles up most of his ships at one system to avoid being beaten down but in one battle i take out most of his ships with attrition and chase around whatever ships he has left and damage him with Order to engage and Leg. Starfighter.

Cards that I'd like to fit in but just don't make the cut
Bacta Tank
Weapon Levitation
Ice Storm

Oh yeah, just to clearify, the point of the deck is not to drain a lot to win, although it can do that, the point is to kill the opponent with Leg. Starfighter/Order to Engage/Uncontrollable fury damage, so most of the time, even if your opponent gets decree in effect, he can't drain on hoth (Honor of the Jedi), and you'll still be hurting him with direct damage

Imperial Command doesn't really pose that big of a problem for this deck, usually the other guy will be playing only 2-3 copies of imperial command (if they play 5+ you're screwed, but hey, who plays 5+ imperial commands? -) ) when they start a battle against the falcon+red 5, and it looks like they may have Imp. command, let them play it first during the weapons phase, if they don't, they you get to draw 3 destiny, if they do, you get to save your destiny adders.  You won't be outpowered by a lot in space, so just battle them on their turn or wait for them to battle you again.  Also try to grab the Imp. Command

Ooryl, you said raltiir with heavy space would give me problems, actually from experience that is one of the easiest matchups for this deck.  I played against that type of deck 3 times at continentals (all 3 times played by 1900+ players) and i never won by under 20, i crushed it every time.  Basically any type of traditional Dark Space based deck will get beaten off in space, the only problems this deck MAY have is if the opponent drops 10 tie interceptor on it...

there's probably more stuff i need to explain but i'll do it later...

'