---
layout: post
author: Andy "Solo337" McClure
title: 'Teleportation The newest Dark Jedi skill'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-18
description: ! 'Old school Hunt Down my way. Elis Helrot is HUGE, and it isnt seen a whole lot, so people dont expect it. And far less than 50% of LS decks start Insurrection, so it normally sets up the beats.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'
Objective
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi (s)

Epic Event
Epic Duel (s)

Locations (5)
Executor Holotheatre
Executor Meditation Chamber
Tatooine Cantina
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Cloud City Port Town District

Characters (16)
Japenese Darth Vader
Foil Darth Vader
DVDLOTS
Lord Vader
EPP Vader
Mara Jade, TEH x2
Emperor Palpatine
Sim Aloo
Janus
Grand Moff Tarkin
EJP Dengar
Dr. Evazan
ECC Iggy
ECC 4-LOM

Weapons (3)
Vader’s Lightsaber x2
Mara Jade’s Saber

Effects (12)
Visage Of The Emperor x3 (s)
Secret Plans (s)
Crush The Rebellion (s)
First Strike (s)
Search And Destroy
Disarmed
Come Here You Big Coward
No Escape
Bad Feeling Have I
Security Precautions

Interrupts (19)
Prepared Defenses (s)
Elis Helrot x2
Alter x2
Sense x2
I Have You Now x2
Vader’s Obsession
The Circle Is Now Complete
Focused Attack
Operational As Planned
You Are Beaten
Shocking Information
Twi-Lek Advisor
Force Lightning
Imperial Barrier (Japenese)
Sniper

Starships (3)
Zuckess In Mist Hunter
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
Boba Fett In Slave 1



'

Strategy: '


The beauty of this deck lies in its simplicity. At first glance, it may look weaker than the Docking Bay Hunt Down, but in my opinion, it is much more powerful. I’ll explain why I think so.

It is a very fast deck. I can’t gurantee myself a battleground site first turn, as a Docking Bay Hunt Down can, but a lot of LS decks start with one, and I usually get one early. I start Secret Plans and use Shocking Revelation to search my deck every turn, and find out when my Vaders or sites are in my force pile.

This deck is also great because it gives away little or no force. Once I get a battleground, I am set up, so most games I give away 2 force MAXIMUM. With Bad Feeling Have I and the lack of LS icons I am giving away, it can really slow down most LS decks.

Whenever I am LS and playing against Hunt Down, I do the same thing to beat it every time. I deploy an Undercover spy to block Vader’s drain, or use Harc Seff to reduce it, and I deploy Luke or Obi on a totally different planet away from Vader, or cancel Visage with a spy or Trans Term. Then, if the use the objective to pick Vader up, I get a turn of free force drains, then I Rebel Barrier the redeployed Vader and run away again.

This deck is made to disrupt that type of strategy. In my opinion, Elis is much stronger than Docking Bays because far less than half of the LS decks I see run Insurrection, so most of the time Vader can instantly teleport to where he needs to be, then do things like Sniper, Disarmed and You Are Beaten. And even when they have Insurrection, I can Elis during my move phase, saving me an entire turn adn at least 5 force on taking Vader into hand and then redeploying him.

This deck is primarily a beatdown deck, not a duel deck. I decided to include Epic Duel to fake people out. Quite often people will play much differently if Epic Duel is on the table. For example, without Epic Duel, people will easily put Obi or Luke at an adjacent site to Vader with no duel protection in their hands to force the DS to lose force to Visage as well. However, if Epic Duel is on table, they will most likely be very cautious. They will make sure there is a site FAR away from Vader or make sure they have duel protection before they put people to get dueled, for fear of losing 5-9 cards and one of their best mains to an early duel. That is why Epic Duel was included in the deck, and I figured that once Epic Duel was in the deck, I might as well include a Obsession and a Circle and a Focused, just in case. This deck will duel, but only during very favorable conditions.

Vader is straight up a beast in a deck like this. I leave him alone at a site all the time, and he VERY rarely gets beat for cards. I Have You Now makes him clear a site easily. Quite often I drop Premiere Vader (either my Japenese that I am so proud of, or my foil) with a Lightsaber vs. Jedi Luke, Orrimaarko and Leia (as an example), and when the smoke clear, Vader is left alone and all the LS characters die.

Now about some of the cards I play

Vader selection I chose my Vaders the way I did for a reason. Premiere Vader is HUGE with I Have You Now (and I start Crush so I can get IHYN when I need it), DVDLOTS is perfect for taking out a pesky Han or Chewie (or Chadra Fan), and Lord Vader is nearly impossible to kill with a Lightsaber.

SAC Yes, I know that my objective impedes SAC, but I have found that a couple Senses and a couple Alters can be game winners, especially with how fast this deck is. I HATE Trans Term, so when Visage is eating them alive, and Luke or Obi is too scared to come and play, they draw for a Trans Term. Finally, after drawing all their precious force that they need (because I am only giving away 1 or 2 force), it gets Sensed and Visage continues to eat them. Also, I really, really hate Goo Nee Tay, but guess what isn’t immune to Alter... Here’s a hint 3 words, first word= Goo.....

Backup characters
Vader is a one man army, as everyone should know, but Vader can only handle 1 site per turn, even with Elis. That’s where the other guys come in. The Emperor and his buddies are an obvious choice, for their awesome draining, battling and tracking powers, as well as the Emperor’s destiny 6. Also, the Emperor is GREAT for defending Visage from spies, and while he’s on table my force generation is +2. Mara is a no brainer. A spy, power 6 while the Emperor is on table, and nearly as good at dueling Luke as Vader is. The Bounty Hunters are in there for eliminaing other drains, and great for hitting/capturing low ability characters, while Vader tackles the big dogs. 4-LOM is huge for dueling. "No, Jedi Luke does not need to subtract 3 from my duel total...." And tarkin is just a natural, duh.

No Revo Protection
Well, Evader would be a really easy way to get rid of Revos, but I haven’t seen them in my area in a long time. I probably should add an Evader, but haven’t yet. I could always Alter them.... I will add an Evader when I find out what to take out.

Site choices I picked these 3 sites for a reason. All 3 are drain 2 sites, and I can’t become Lost In The Wilderness.

First Strike Awesome card. I always initiate many more battles than the LS. In addition, it blocks all sorts of nasty interrupts, because they have to pay a force to play it. Go ahead and Duel that Obi, no force means no Courage for Obi.

Well, that should be about it, except for the matchups.

Hidden Base
Get a battleground site, and protect Visage and Sniper undercover spies. Keep using Secret Plans/Shocking to search your deck and get 2 sites to set up Search And Destroy. With the Emperor and Janus at one site, and Vader with Saber at another, and Visage and Search and Destroy, you are causing about 10 damage per turn. Not many Hidden Base decks can survive that. Sense Trans Term and Alter Rebel Fleet. Once they flip, get Securtiy Precautions and send your Bounty Hunters to probe.

EBO Protect Vader from an Ice Storm at all costs. Don’t leave him at the North Ridge, ever. Hunt Down usually does well against EBO, and I have never lost to EBO, but if you need it, add Imperial Decree.

Mains, any variety Elis Vader around and have him wreck Havoc. I Have You Now Is Huge, Vader is the MAN. Keep them losing to force drains here and there, and keep Visage on them.

There Is Good In Him You’ve gotta be kidding me. Auto-win. I have no idea how Hunt Down would ever lose to this junk

Agents In The Court. Play smart is all I can say. Vader can kill a lot of Chadra Fans or Eloms, but their power can also add up in a hurry. Alter Bargaining Table, and put the Emperor at the Holotheatre to block that pesky Bothan. Try not to get Sandwhirled.

Well, those are the biggest. Dmail me with Questions. Hope you like-

Andy





'