---
layout: post
author: ! bryce "khabarakh" leen
title: ! "Bring Him Before the Royal Gaurds v1 00"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-28
description: ! 'This deck is a royal gaurd swarm version of BHBM using endor as the major drain capital of the game.'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'=starting

objective
BHBM/TYFP

Locations (12)
Death Star IIThrone Room
Death Star IIDocking Bay
CoruscantDocking Bay
EndorBunker
EndorLanding Platform
EndorDark Forest
EndorBack Door
EndorForest Clearing
Endor
Sullust
Corulag
Kiffex

Effects (11)
Imperial Decree
Imperial Arrest Order
Secret plans
Insignificant Rebellion
Your Destiny
Perimeter Patrol
Battle Order
Mobilization Points
Something Special PLanned For Them
Strategic Reserves
Overseeing it Personally

Interrupts (2)
Prepared Defences
Force Lightning

Admirals Orders (1)
We’re In Attack Position Now

Characters (20)
Emperor Palpatine
Lord Vader
Darth Vader
Janus Greejatus
Admiral Chiraneau
Commander Merrejk
DS-72-10
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Myn Kyneugh
Royal Gaurd x10

Weapons (6)
Vader’s Lightsaber
Force Pike x5

Satrships (8)
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
Chimaera
Devastator
Conquest
Thunderflare
Avenger
Tyrrant
Vengeance '

Strategy: '

Using this deck is simple, pull out Landing Platform, pull out the emperor frorm reserve deck deploy -2 to Landing Platform.Then begin to  throw down the royal gaurds. For each of the first three turns remember to pull out a docking bay from reserve deck. then if you get merrejk pull out some planets and deploy to them and drain. if you get out bunker then perimeter patrol, be sure to spread thinly as they must loose 1 force when they deploy to your sites, and cannot battle for the remainder of this turn. also use overseeing it personally your advantage (every character in this deck is imperial)and get drain +1.
 If you also get mobilization points get the generation +2 at each docking bay you control.
in any game if you get out corulag move to it and don’t let the opponent control the system. if you control it every royal gaurd is power and forfeit +1.


EBO
Play the usual starting cards but try to get a few stardestroyers out early on, pack the at one system until you get enough to move away from there. Be sure to spread not to stingely as some Ebo decks do have some ground might to them. but if you get peimeter patrol working spread as stingely as you like. just keep a check on whether they are remembering secret plans if they are retrieving force, dont forget drain aditions and you should almost always walk away from the game the victor.


Light Rep Decks
Keep a check on their movements on Tatooine and if they deploy tatooine docking bay move the emperor over to the docking bay deploy a few royal gaurds and next turn docking bay him back acrros to endor. because light rep decks dont have much if any space be sure not to put more than 2 stardestroyers together at any one system.
keep the drains up and once again you should come out victorious.
'