---
layout: post
author: ! Dominic "Decktech" Gaudreault
title: ! "Why I Finish 5 at World"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-01
description: ! 'This is really the deck that build my confidence for D-Con, Its Yannick that made the first version, and that show me the deck idea, and when I saw It, I felt in love, so I would like to thank him  THANX MAN '
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)

Bring Him Before Me

Characters (15)

Janus Greejatus x2
Mara Jade x2
Emperor Palpatine x2
Lord Vader x4
Mighty Jabba
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle
ECC IG-88
Sim Aloo x2

Locations (5)

Rendili
Cloud City Docking Bay
Endor Docking Bay
Death Star II Docking Bay
Death Star II Throne Room

Creatures (1)

Bubo

Weapons (3)

Vaders Lightsaber x2
Mara Jades Lightsaber

Starships (5)

Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Dengar in Punishing One
Flagship Executor
Dominator
Bossk in Hounds Tooth

Effects (11)

Oppressive Enforcement
Therell be Hell to Pay x2
Your Destiny
Mobilization Points
Insignificant Rebellion
Imperial Arrest Order
Battle Order
Search and Destroy
Lateral Damage
First Strike

Interrupts (19)

Sense x5
Alter x2
Twilek Advisor
Force Lightning
The Circle is Now Complete x2
Projective Telepathy
Imperial Barrier x3
Sniper
You are Beaten
Prepared Defense
Operation as Planned
'

Strategy: '

Ok, first I just want to say before you give me 1/5 star what this deck has been thru. I play in hoth Ice plain and we were 3 guy in the top 12 of the world championship to came from there, so its a very good region. You cant argue. Before going to World Championship, I was 26-0 with this deck. At world, I went 7-3 with it and those 3 lost were all my fault. 1 was because I gave paul told feldman alot of chance, I let him deploy honor of the jedi in his draw phase, and I let him take back wedge in his starship back into his hand, so he could put frozen asset before. Really stupid (fl 6) I lost to brian ripito because at my first turn, vader was out of commision (fl-7) . I lost to yannick because He falen portal lord vader with a 5 destiny and he needed a 6.anyways I blame only myself. Its just to prove that this deck is thruly powerfull, and versatile. It can beat any deck archytype. With minimum tracking skills, and janus, this deck cant loose unless you make mistake.


------- Ok, here is some free tech for you that dont know the basic of some card

Why Janus GreatJanus Is a God  With this deck you usualy activate like 15 + each turn, and very fast. So its really easy to track, because you draw huge amount of card to build your hand, so you have a small reserve deck. So with him you can draw all the cards you need. You fight with vader you slash obi wan, you draw a 4 and a mara jade ben is hitnext turn, you realise maybe switching that batle order you dont need for that mara jade would be good, so you activate untill its mara on the top of the deck and you janus  I always get all the cards I need this way

Operation As planned  Hmmm, you wanna make a mad beatdown with jaba and boba fett, then attack with Zuckuss in Mist Hunter You play operation as planned, you put the circle is now complete on top of force pile.you play force lightling used on janus. You janus, and put your double of palpatine. So on your turn you left 5 card because you know he hold a barrier so you sense it (if he dont barrier, janus in the midle of the fight to put back the destiny to 6,5,5,6), you shot obi wan with bob. Forfeit 0. You draw 10 of battle destiny. The guy loose like 10 force, and you stack him 1 force, and you attack with ZIMH and you draw that palpatine you stack another force

Projective Thelepahty  To get around Order To Engage. You attack with First strike, you play that, you cancel the fight. Next Turn, you track it, and draw it with janus. Also to cancel Anger Fear Agression. Can also be used as a defence protection in key moment, much like Imperial barrier.

The combination of destiny tracking + ability to remove character before battle is HUGE  things you can possibly do. Sniper someone with MaraJade (you have track, so you got him).Then play vader to capture Luke. Then play Bubo to eat someone. Then You Are Beaten Someone else and beatdown lone Jek Porkins. You can even force lightling someone if the Emperor is here. Or play the circle is now complete on Obi-Wan Ok, you will probably never have all those card in your hand at the same time. But you can easily have 2-3 of them.

The Dominator  This is TECH  in close game, it make me win. When I only loose my force to My objective, and I am not draining for much. I retrieve it each turn

Sim Alo  Ok, this is if your a GOD player. When you play someone, and you can track his destiny. He play a On The Edge deck. And he cant activate all his force his 6 destiny card is after 7 card. When he activate his first 7 card. You say, I GOT 1 GAME ACTION  And you Sim the Card. Its important to say exactly I GOT 1 GAME ACTION, because thats what I always say  Also good to protect mara jade or some @#$% from attrition.

------- What to Do Against major Deck 

All deck first turn, deploy palpatine on the death star 2 docking bay, and if you got a barrier, put him on the cloud city docking bay. And deploy Rendili before activating . Then search for force lightling, so if he put a spy to beatdown the emperor, kill him.

In my mind, each time I face 1 of the folowing deck, except for dagoba, I say, hehe, easy matchup  ) and thats the way you must think 

X-Wing Swarm  play agressive, set un search and destroy as fast as you can. Deploy vader if needed. Alter Rebel Fleet before draining. When he flip, deploy masively, make sure to put power enough to hold x-wing, comparing to 50% of the card in his hand (5 x-wing on 10 card), or 70% if you cant sense the lost organised attack. Make sure to calculate before your last force drain. Try to beatdown lone x-wing.

Profit  Deploy Boba and jaba with his objective. First turn, deploy emperor to the audience chamber. So if he come to fight, force lightling sumeone, and he is defence value 4, so easy to shot with boba fett.next turn, put vader at the audience chamber now he put luke. So you loose 1 force each turn deploy a ship in space, so you both loose 1 force. Then add some bantha folder at the chamber. When fortified, move lord vader and his lightsaber to the exterior jaba site. You win just sniper of force lightling boush

Dagoba  The only matchup you might lost even if you play well I think. This Game Is A$$ so, hmmm, I only lost once to that, but I know its hard to win but I dont remember what I do I know I put All the starship I can get to rendili I play agressive, and I set up search and destroy when I have lots of power. I try to kill spy. Projective thelepathy will be grabed, so make sure you use it at a good moment, in late game of on your first turn the guy might not have any grapler What is really a$s with this matchup is that if he play with kessel and super falcon its really thought. Because if you put all your starship at rendili, he will put kessel and drain. And if you only put 1, well, he might beatdown him with the falcon. To prevent that, always try to track a 0-1-2 destiny to alter frozen asset then play barrier but its hard.

Hiden Base Martin Falker Style  Easiest matchup ever. This deck is a pile. I dont understand why good Europeen player play it anyways, well just go fight him, and you will win. The destiny are @#$% in his deck. So sim alo will make all your guys almost imune to attrition. Alter Our Most Desperate Hours.

EBO  Same thing as X-wing but Against the Baraguin version, grab on the edge and nar shada wind shine. Sense nar shada wind chine, sense on the edge.get lateral damage and beatdown the falcon. Dont deploy vader until he put luke.be agressive

TRM Nobady will play that thing right now. But if you ever find soneone with enough guts to play it, well, it will still be easy.dont fear him as most player do when they feel they are choke down, he cant make you such a bad beatdown especially since you will force lightling his first spy. Just make sure to ALWAYS deploy the emperor to the d*2 DB. And once you got vader, you can start to drain.Those deck can abuse of bacta tank, so alter it.

Cool Home 1 Martin Akesson Super Home 1 Mega Big TRM starting with 3 effect. Well, Get Maja jade fast and try to beatdown a lose piece of sh1t at the home 1 docking bay. Just Outpower the Home One. But put only 1 ship to rendili, and get a barrier. Because he might deploy kessel, and THEN the Home One.

Speeder Alter The Flaps, Be cautious if flaps cant be altered. Deploy all your character at the same siteso you have lost of power, and its good, you can drain for 4 with the 2 lightsaber and janus.

There Is Good In Him You cant loosethis deck is so bad. You really cant. Drain at the endor hutt and rendili. Dont loose fight. Play cautious.

The New Objective  I did not play a single game since world championship, so I have no clue, but its probably easy, and I add Bubo Especially for that deck. Just dont be a scrub.

------- THINGS FOR YOUR META 

If you fear you will play against any odds deck, switch sumthing for You Canot Hide forever. I know if I play a odd deck I will win even without it, so I dont care

If They are lost of space deck, add 1-2 starship, like I did at world. Dreadnaught and Victory Class Star Destroyer are a good choice.

-----Dont read this if your below 18 years old or your penis is smaler than 8 inch---

DONT EVER DO LIKE RAPHAEL A$$ELIN DID IN WORLD DAY 3  HE SWITCH ALL HIS SAC FOR SOME SH1T LIKE POINT MAN AND CRAP LIKE THAT  BECAUSE HE THAUGHT EVERYBODY WOULD START DO OR DO NOT AND WISE ADVISE  NEVER EVER DO THAT  EVEN IF THEY DO THAT, SAC IS STILL STRONG BUT I CANT DENY IT. RAPHAEL IS MY YOUNG AGE IDOL  WHEN I SAW IT IN THE SCRYE, I WAS LIKE WOHOO, THAT GUY ROCK, HE IS THE FIRST CHAMPION EVER, AND QUEBECERS  I WISH I COULD SUCK HIS D1CK  NOW I GREW UP, AND I WISH HE WOULD RAPE ME, BUT THATS ANOTHER STORY 

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Well, that deck is my baby, so please dont loose too much with it, and remember Janus is your Daddy  Ghetto Squad Own You  And for all of you that ask me to have sex with them at D-Con ( I wont name anybody) , Sorry, I will not cheat on my girlfriend, especialy with another man, except Raphael A$$elin of course, I will love Audre forever.

-----------------------------------------------------------------Ghetto *69*----------------------------
'