---
layout: post
author: ! Danny "Skuff D" Rider
title: ! "She s Rescued  Your Screwed "
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-06-25
description: ! 'Rescue the princess that ensures a fast flip, retrieval and some placed out of play smackdown.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Obj Rescue The Princess

Locations (6)
Yavin War Room
Yavin DB
DS DB
DS Detention Corridor
Rendezvous Point
Dagobah Yoda's Hut

Effects (9)
Wise Advice (Starting)
Draw Thier Fire
A Gift
Undercover
What're You Trying to Push on Us?
Battle Plan
Death Star plans x3

Interrupts (19)
Signal x2
Don't Forget the Droids x2
Lift Tube Escape x2
Nabrun Lieds x2
How'd we Get into this Mess x2
Surprise Assault x2
Narrow Escape x2
Droid Shutdown
Transmission Terminated
Shocking Info
Grmitassh
Glancing Blow

Vehicles/Starships 8
Lift Tube x2
Ronto x2
Millenium Falcon
Red leader in red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Spiral

Characters  17
Luke with Saber x2
Obi with Saber x2
Han with Blaster x2
Prisoner 2187 x2
Lando with Blaster
8d8 x3
Bothan Spy
Artoo
Wedge Antilles
Tawass Khaa
Orrimarko

'

Strategy: '

The entire point of this deck is being able to stay alive long enough to take out the opponent's fighting force. By wiping out their uniques, you can almost control the board.

Always start wise advice unleess possibly playing Ops, then start Battle Plan. with the 8d8, rontos and lift tubes you can get a one turn rescue and then later a 1 turn Death Star Plans. If you don't know how this works it goes like this 8d8 rides Ronto in Yavin DB. Ronto transits to Death Star DB, 8d8 gets into lift tube in DB, moves to the Corridor, picks up the plans, uses the second lift tube to move too the DB again, then usees the second Ronto to transit back to Yavin, then uses his personal landspeed to get into the war room.
Specific Card Choices
Droid Shutdown--- Ever had 8d8 looked Sir, then you know that this is a nice, cycling 6 that protects a droidd from bing hit, missing, captured, lost stolen and basically just messed with. It also can protect Artoo from getting lost if he's undercover.
Don't Forget the Droids--- After you Reescue Liea, keep 8d8 around and just sacrificee him to cancel a destiny if you need to. Also numbers protection.
Surprise Assault--- Come on, with the Destiny in this deck, you think I won't do all I can to stop drains?

Now the deck by deck startegy

VS Hunt Down (with or without dueling)
This is one game I'd like to see go on for a really long time but chances are it won't. All you have to do is utilize a fast flip, and take out Vader. The objective is now useless. Keep up the retreival and you should last against any Visage Barrage. Glancing Blow for strategic uses and of course protect Liea before you plan on battling.

VS Court
This will also be interesting. Unique characters are suddenly dead for good after you flip. Keep narrow escape in your hand when Iggy comes down, because if he captures Liea alone, you might not get her back. The force loss from the objective won't hurt if you remember to retrieve DS plans and the force when you rescue Liea. (Corridor GT)
With the fear of mains being placed out of play and Attrition +2 (effective even with a Battle Destiny of 0, ZiMH)the opponent should be playing much more carefully. Remember the Bothan spy, but keep him away from any Nevar yalnal-able characters (i.e. Mara) Play it to win.

VS Ral Ops
If they force choke, you may be slowed down considerably. Don't let this stop you. Most decks play with a good portion unique characters and vehicles which will suddenly not be playable after battles. Remeber the Attrition +2 as it will come in handy against vehicles. Nabrun to raltiir after you flip if you want and clean up those Imperial Swine

VS Operatives
The speed of thier drains will be your biggest fear. Keep the retrieval up, battle them off the planet (Operatives can't control if unique characters are all out of play) Remember to get them to pay +1 to drain with your objective GT. Also utilize Surprise Assault if you can. One scary Surprise Assault may stop them from draining for awhile.

VS Endor Ops
I admit, Space is weak in this deck, But also any Unique starships get Placed out of play and the Executor suddenly is not immune to attrition. This doesn't mean t will be easy. Flip early on, retreive and try to hang in space long enough.

VS Seiner Fleet
In the above I address weak space power. but also remeber that any of those All Power to Weapons are suddenly good for Power and not Immunity to Attrition. a good couple of 5's or 6's from the Falcon with Luke and han, you may just make the Siener Fleet go bankrupt.

VS Set Your Course (Blow up)
Flip, go back to the DS and beat up the imps. With the Lift Tube escapes you can run around on the Death Star causing enough placed out of play havok to delay any attempts of kabooming Yavin. If they do kaboom it, well, just make sure Liea is safe from harm. the level of force that they are activating over you however will be severe. but you need the Destiny for this deck to work super effectively.

VS the Ultimate Power (SYCFA Manipulator)
By far the most difficult to play against. i have yet to play one against this but I think the level of activation to yours, combined with the manipulative shutdown, this deck could get hurt a lot. Grimtassh if you can and time it if you can to retrieve the Grimtassh from rescuing Liea. Track and continue. Not much advice to give on this deck as it is sure to be an interesting one. But if you can, after you flip, Both spy and Tawss Khaa can take Miyoom out of play. Then you can stand on your own two feet for awhile.

Well that's all I can think to cover and explain. This is one of the few RTP decks out there right now as EBO is getting the spotlight but if people can get into this groove, well than the Hunt down and manip shut out decks might have something else they'll have to deal with. Please send me your thoughts if you have any and please offer creative and positive help. This deck is compact card for card and I think it's difficult to add a card if it means taking out a card that works better.
'