---
layout: post
author: ! Cat "CatLoneRogue" Ceder
title: ! "Chandra-Fan Madness"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-14
description: ! "Essentially you set up your DB’s Force Drain w/Chandra-Fans and Fallen Portal their guys."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'There Is Good In Him
Endor Chief Chirpa’s Hut
Endor Docking Bay
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Luke’s Lightsaber
I Feel The Conflict
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Your Insight Serves You Well
Insurrection
Staging Areas

Audience Chamber x3
Tatooine Docking Bay
Cloud City Docking Bay
Home One Docking Bay
 Generic Docking Bay

Kabe
Rennek
Tessek
Chandra-Fan x12
Worrt x2

The Signal x3
BoShuda
Uh-Oh
Fallen Portal x4
You Will Take Me To Jabba Now x2
Tunnel Vision x6
Control x6
Order To Engage
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes x2
'

Strategy: '

-I removed a Control and added a Bargaining Table-

This is another ”FUN” deck (please dont rate me bad on a fun deck) that I use in the local tournaments to play. Its designed for quick set up and good force draining.

With three Audience Chambers and 6 Tunnel Visions you shouldnt have a problem getting that in the first or second turn (if you have bad draw luck). Once you get it you want to set up quickly w/Kabe, Tessek, Rennek and Wortt (while your opponent has characters in the chamber, sometimes you need to lure him in) then drop the Wortt and OTE and smile as your opponenet looses 3 a turn. Then off to the DBs for nice drains and if your opponent comes there well then all you need to do is Fallen Portal the biggies (your destiny is realitively high) and you should be able to exlude some from battles.

Against most basic decks its a realitve ease in beating them w/your FPs and FDs against BHBM just watch out for your timing for battles cause you want to use them when you have the right time cause you dont want him stacking for conversion. For HDADTJ thats realitively simple just set up as normal and then beat him w/other the Chandra Fans - remember to add their bonus for Kabe.

Against a Space deck its sorely lacking but you get a decent FD of 9 a turn once set up and that could hold you out long enough.

Other than that enjoy and have fun...remember thats what the game is all about.

Cat ”The Garindan Collector” Ceder  '