---
author: Matt "kjerg" Baker
title: 'Sceeziak - Beatdown'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-06-24
description: 'Set Your Course Alderaan deck that doesn't CPI anything, it just beats it down.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Locations (10)
Alderaan
Cloud City: Downtown Plaza
Death Star
Death Star: Docking Bay 327
Death Star: War Room
Endor: Back Door
Endor: Dark Forest
Endor: Forest Clearing
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Tatooine: Cantina

Characters (13)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Brangus Glee
Commander Igar
Darth Vader  x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Djas Puhr
Grand Moff Tarkin
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Jabba the Hutt
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand	x2

Vehicles (2)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Starships (6)
Avenger
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Executor
Vader's Personal Shuttle
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts (16)
Alter  x4
Dark Maneuvers
Masterful Move
Sense  x5
Shocking Revelation
Surface Defense
Twi'lek Advisor  x2
You Are Beaten

Effects (10)
Come Here You Big Coward!
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Oppressive Enforcement
Presence Of The Force
Resistance
Search And Destroy
Secret Plans
There'll Be Hell To Pay  x2

Weapons (2)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber 

Strategy: 

IN RESPONSE TO REVIEWS: I do have a Shocking Revelation in there, usually what I do is look for it for the first couple of turns w/ Secret Plans to see what's in my force pile and then start tracking it. And you never know when you'll see an Oola or a Perimeter Scan (it's been done). There are also other easy-to-track recyclers in there too. The low destinies help with that SA.

I think this would have trouble w/ mains, but a lot of mains decks rely on Bacta Tank, Savrip, Clash, destiny adders, and other effects and interrupts that are vulnerable to Sense and Alter. With 6 and 5 respectively, Oppressive, and 2 Grabbers, I'll probably win most SA wars. I suppose I could add duplicates of some of the characters to keep 'em coming back for more (4-LOM and Iggy come to mind). Usually one can smell a big beatdown and prepare for it, then counter attack.

Oops I forgot one card, it is pretty obvious what it is: Set Your Course For Alderaan/The Ultimate Power In The Universe

This deck just rolls the competition. Mostly I would start with Resistance and Secret Plans. Don't forget to use Surface Defense again with a saber or Iggy's gun or whatever. I would start Imperial Decree against Ops though.

Okay this deck is like John Lolli's regional winner but I made it before he posted his and mine has SAC anyway.

The locations are obvious drain for two and give you two, with the locations you start with and these you should always have plenty of force. Revo is dead from the start so don't worry about that.

The characters are all beefy if you set up the right combos and track destinies then you can easily clear sites with attrition alone.

The walkers are given, the ships I think are all worth it. Do not tell me to take out Vader's Personal Shuttle. It's awesome and if you disagree go read it. The Executor is a tank. I might take out the Avenger for something else, originally Captain Needa was in here, but he's not anymore, yeah change the Avenger to Devastator.

You Are Beaten is necessary with all the UFs in my area, oh and it's one of the best cards in the game. Everything else is self explanatory. Just drain and beat.  