---
author: John "jpvz" Veasey
title: 'The Leaders of Ralltiir V 2.0'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-02
description: 'A battle oriented R-Ops deck that uses big blue and the 7 side of the obj to battle the opponent anywhere.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 



Locations(9)
Death Star
Kashyyyk
Kiffex
Ralltiir
Death Star: War Room
Desert
Spaceport Docking Bay
Spaceport Prefect's Office
Swamp

Characters (16)
Admiral Motti
Admiral Ozzel
AT-ST Pilot  x3
Commander Igar
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Darth Vader
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Lieutenant Arnet
Lieutenant Watts
Major Marquand
Navy Trooper Vesden
Officer Evax

Creatures (1)
Bubo

Vehicles (8)
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Scout 1
Blizzard Walker
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6

Starships (6)
Avenger
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Devastator
Thunderflare
Boba Fett in Slave I
Vader's Personal Shuttle

Effects (9)
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward!
First Strike
Imperial Arrest Order (SE)
Imperial Decree
Oppressive Enforcement
Secret Plans
Alert My Star Destroyer
Lateral Damage

Interrupts (10)
Evader
Monnok
Those Rebels Won't Escape Us  x2
Twi'lek Advisor (SI)
Alter  x2
Imperial Barrier
Shocking Revelation
Trample

Objective:
Ralltiir Operations/In The Hands Of The Empire


Strategy: 

This is an R-Ops deck that has evolved over time. Big walkers are expensive, so I brought in the chickens. Its partially based on Trando’s Raltiir Universal and part based on Akenson’s R-Ops deck, with my own touches put in.

The systems in deck are for activation and Kashyyyk and Kiffex are also good for draining. Set up a SD with Alert my Star Destroyer and you should be set against anything but pure space HB. The sites have good penalties for my opponent.

The characters are for mainly piloting. Ozzel and Motti work at the Precinct Office and on a SD with AMSD. AT-ST guys know their role. Vader is good for controlling a site and using my Alters. Igar has a choice of rides to use in stomping on the opponent. The DS brothers can pilot anything. Arnet has nice anti react text, and is excellent behind the wheel of TS1. Watts only made the cut for teaming up with Marquand, either in TS2 or the Bliz walker. Marquand is a good pilot on the ground, he’s best with Watts. Vesden is the new anti ###’s, a character and only a few ways to take care of him. Evax is a good pilots w/ forfeit and works well in the Spaceport office too. Bubo takes care of scrubs who come on down.

Blue selection is pretty straight forward. The AT-AT’s for quick easy power and backup rides for Igar/Marquand-Watts. The best of Tempest Squad will patrol Raltiir along with Bliz Scout 1. For space, a few good bounty hunter ships help out my three SDs. Vader’s Shuttle is cheap and only need a pilot for destiny. Helps flip if the opponent comes to the system early.

The effects are good protection. Battle Order makes them come to you in space or on the ground or pay. CHYBC is very good anti-Cheese. First Strike is the only retrival, good in this deck that focuses on battling. I start IAO to get two sites out to Raltiir on the first turn, increase the forfit of over 50% of my guys, and prevent Naburn beatdown. Decree help slow down decks that use modifers. Enforcement is fine for S+A protection. Secret Plans shuts down retrival and lets me look thru the reserve with a Shock in there.AMSD creates instant, invicible SD. Lateral Damage allows space beatown.

Evader is Revo protection and lets you pull Vader back. Monnok keeps beatdown forces at a minimum. TRWEU is a multipurpose canceler. Alters cancel a multitude of anoying effects. Barrier stops any untimely LS visits. The Shock takes care of Oola and is a 5. Trample is a staple in this deck for elimating may annoyances.

This is one of my favorite decks and has done well for me in tournies. All sugestions are welcome.  