---
author: Karl "Faust" Schultz
title: Why The Tennessee Vols SHOULD Be #1!!
side: Dark
date: 2000-09-04
description: What an injustice....oh well they gotta work on their QB situation :-)

Anyways here is my ralops ive been playing with for about 4 months.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting(6)
Ralltiir Operations/In The Hands Of The Empire
Ralltiir
Prepared Defenses
Oppressive Enforcement
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points

Locations(7)
Rendili
Death Star II: Docking Bay
Executor: Docking Bay
Desert
Forest
Jungle
Spaceport Docking Bay

Characters(16)
Admiral Ozzel
AT-ST Pilot x3
Colonel Davod Jon
Commander Igar
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x2
Janus Greejatus
Lieutenant Arnet
Lieutenant Cabbel
Lieutenant Commander Ardan
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
Mosep
Officer Evax
Sim Aloo

Creatures(1)
Bubo

Starships(6)
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Boba Fett In Slave I
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Chimaera
Dengar In Punishing One
Devastator

Vehicles(5)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 5

Weapons(2)
Vader's Lightsaber
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Interrupts(6)
Alter x2
Imperial Barrier x2
You Are Beaten
Masterful Move

Effects(11)
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward
Sandwhirl
You Cannot Hide Forever
Imperial Decree
Reactor Terminal
Insignificant Rebellion
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay x2
Search And Destroy


Strategy: 

Ive Been playing with this Ralops deck (or versions of it) for quite a while.  It has served me quite well...anyway on to the strategy.

First turn pull Rendili with Mob Points, and SP DB with IAO, and a <> site with the objective, and deploy them all.  Drop a scrub to the Docking bay.

Flip your obj ASAP, preferably with scrubs, so you can use your mains for beatdown.  Drain on Ralltiir for 4, and Rendili for 1...the steady drain will stop them....alter any prjections they play on ralltiir sites, as they'll screw you over.  Sandwhirl is great on desert to keep them away (youve got plenty of vehicles, so it won't hurt you).  Use imperial barrier when needed, and beatdown with mains, you are beaten etc.

Now...

Against MWYHL:
Pretty easy....spread out and drain,  (probably for 5 :-) get Search And Destroy out ASAP, cuz it will screw them.  Dont deploy Vader unless its a hit and run mission, because uncontrollably fury hurts.  CHYBC to stop the retreival, and then grab on the edge with TBHTP if they do play it.

Against Space:
Although your only packing 6 ships youve got quite a fleet....deploy ships only where you can win battles (go figure), and get Battle Order, and Search And Destroy out quickly to force them to come down.  When they do just beat the crud out of them.

Against TIGIH/Eloms:
Capture Luke as soon as you can with Vader, then move them to the Executor or Death Star II Docking Bay.  Sit him there.  Be careful on Ralltiir, and mantain a large force at each site.  Drain in space for 1.

Those are pretty much "the decks" right now...if i forgot one let me know and ill post something for it next time i post this deck!