---
layout: post
author: Justin "hoostino" Warren
title: 'Unideck, DSII-style'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-02
description: ! 'It's more post-DSII ROps, but this one is the masta version. It focuses on fortifying Ralltiir quickly using guaran-teed quick activation and setting up huge force loss while keeping their drains at bay long enough to give you the win.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start (6)
Ralltiir Operations/In The Hands Of The Empire
Ralltiir
Prepared Defenses
IAO
Mobilization Points
Oppressive Enforcement

Locations (8)
Spaceport Docking Bay
Forest
Jungle
Desert
Swamp
Death Star II Docking Bay
Executor Docking Bay
Coruscant Docking Bay

Characters (19)
Emperor Palpatine x2
Lord Vader (will explain)
Mara Jade
Janus Greejatus
Sim Aloo
Colonel Davod Jon
Lt. Commander Ardan
Commander Igar
General Veers
Commander Praji
Commander Gherant
Commander Nemet
Grand Moff Tarkin
AT-ST Pilot x2
Officer Evax
Admiral Ozzel
DS-61-2

Vehicles (5)
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 5
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Starships (5)
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Devastator
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Chimaera

Interrupts (9)
Alter x3
Trample x2
Imperial Barrier
Masterful Move
Ghhhk
Shocking Revelation

Effects (7)
Sandwhirl
Presence Of The Force
You Cannot Hide Forever
Overseeing It Personally
Search And Destroy
Hell To Pay x2

Admirals Orders (1)
Were In Attack Position Now
'

Strategy: '

UPDATE

Kashyyyk was in this, I forgot it in the decklist. It was added after I found out that I needed to occupy a BG system to deploy the AO. Swap it for Commander Gherant. And switch Praji for Comm. Merrejk.

This deck is a machine, and has gone undefeated in tournament play. Only deck that has toppled it is my own TIGIH Elom/EPP beatdown deck, which was designed with ROps in mind. This can beat virtually anything.
One of the problems with the old school ROps decks was its ungauranteed Force activation. This deck cures that problem by using IAO to download docking bays, and MP to boost activation at those docking bays with cheap, early Imps. First turn, grab any of the three 1/0 bays and drop a cheap Imp there. Repeat on turn two. In the process, draw a significant hand and deploy only the Desert to Ralltiir. Activate, and wait until you have the neccessary cards in hand to flip, and drop it all at once. All you need is enough to hold two Ralltiir sites, as you dock the Imps to the Spaceport Docking Bay free of charge to gain control of the third site neccesary to flip. Do this all at once to gaurantee the flip, because it is much harder for the LS to fight you when your destinies are at least +3 and you are searching for whatever you like.
Against ground-based decks that attempt to fight you on Ralltiir, bide your time a bit until you are ready, so you dont get attritioned to death early. Deploy the DBs and the Desert (so you can Sandwhirl them if they try an early invasion) only for the first few turns. Use the search text to download the big guns (like Igar and Tempest 1, Vader and Tarkin), and dont be afraid to battle. Use the high destiny recyclables and the enhanced destiny to escort them off of Ralltiir through attrition (and sometimes power). When they weaken and eventually give up the fight on Ralltiir, drop Overseeing It Personally to make it a quick game. The only decks that I have seen that can overrun you on Ralltiir are Elom decks. Against Eloms, battle them and get them through attrition by taking advantage of their low forfeit value. Use high-forfeit, IAO-boosted Imps to balance the power diff. This will be tough, but if you play it smart, you can win.
Versus non-interactive decks like EBO, go for a quick flip by taking a few more chances with weaker, yet cheaper and faster characters. Hold onto the Barrier and Ghhhk in these situations. After you flip, use the search ability to set up Overseeing It Personally and Search And Destroy. If possible and necessary, get the Admirals Order in effect to create massive damage. This will rip EBO and Testing decks apart. The AO is Test 1-proof, as it is direct Force loss, not a drain bonus. Search And Destroy will also hurt Testing decks, Honor is no problem, 3 battle-grounds is easy with this deck.
Why Lord Vader? Hes too expensive on Ralltiir. Baloney. Not with my activation. And just ask Maddux how well Uncontrollable Fury worked against old ROps decks. With testing stronger than its ever been, I can drop Vader and not worry about it.

Vs. TIGIH
This depends on what they are doing. If it is an Elom variant like mine, you can have problems. If it is straight Mains and Toys, you will win. If it is a space variant, you will win. Dont go for Luke unless you get Vader early. Wait before deploying Ralltiir sites until you are ready to flip, and lay it all out at once to force them to come to you, and use the search ability and boosted destiny to its fullest. Download your big guns and you should be fine.

Vs. EBO
This one should be no problem. Set up the big drains and keep the -1 in effect, and you will win the drain race easily. Go into space if necessary to stop a drain and thin them with high attrition.

Vs. M&T
You all know how this works, bide your time and flip only when you are ready and make them come to you. This makes their characters more expensive and they wont be draining. Wipe them out with attrition and then commence the draining. Deploy only the Desert and the docking bays until you have what you need.

Vs. HB Squad Assignments
Dont be afraid to drop your sites, and take a few more chances to flip earlier. Set up Overseeing It Personally, you likely wont be able to get the AO and keep it in effect if they swarm the Ralltiir system. Probe, and win the drain race.

Vs. RST/Scouts
Flip, drain, and send a hit squad to Endor. Use the high forfeit Imps on walkers to stick around and deplete their forces through big attrition.

Vs. Testing
Go for a quick flip and set up the AO along with Search And Destroy. The AO gets around Test 1, so you can deal out some big Force loss. Make them pay the +2 to come to you and react and keep them off of the table with attrition. Should have no problems.

DSII took a great deck and made twice as good. This deck will win games. Have fun.

RESPONSE TO REVIEWS
I do not need Decree in this. I had it in here at my latest tourney, and faced and whipped 2 EBO decks without ever needing Decree. I set up drains equal or bigger than theirs, and when I flip, I win the drain race.
My space fleet is good enough. I use the extra cheap Imps for forfeit and wipe them out through two turns of high attrition. I can hold at least one system with the ships I have. Although, I am considering an Executor, since I can download it with MP.

Vannor A few other deck types? What? This CAN lose to anything, it depends on the player, but if you have a clue as to how to play, this deck can beat anything, except maybe some types of Elom decks.

MJ Skywalker What the hell kind of review is that? "I don't like it." Well, I don't like you, either, but at least I have reasons, like your Mom gives a crappy blow job. Go sit on a pole, or maybe something you wouldn't enjoy as much.

ThaBrahmaBul - No, I don't play Trek. Download is actually a fairly common term used to describe the taking of something from the Reserve deck. It's lingual efficiency, man.

Darwin bless. Hoostino out.
'