---
layout: post
author: ! Geoff "GG BLADE" Bowman
title: ! "Endor Uprising Mains and Toys"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-25
description: ! 'My deck is a mains and toys, based around an Endor Uprising start.  Please review'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Light Side Mains & Toys Local Uprising Deck Ver.1.1

Average Destiny 2.3 or 2.18 because of Artoo in R5

Starting (7)
Local Uprising / Liberation
Endor (opponent has no activation)
Farm
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Wise Advice
Strike Planning
Squadron Assignments

Locations (7) More, Less?
Endor Rebel Landing Site
Endor Back Door
Jungle
Tatooine Cantina
Kiffex
Kashyyyk
Kessel

Characters (14) More, Less?
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
General Calrissian
General Solo x2
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Luke with Saber x2
Farmboy Luke
Obi-Wan Kenobi x2 (Premiere)
Obi-Wan with Saber
Orrimaarko
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader

Starships (9) Need more???
Artoo in Red 5
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Gold Squadron 1
Home One
Liberty
Red Leader in Red 1
Red Squadron 1
Spiral
Tantive IV

Interrupts (15)
Alter x2
Don’t Get Cocky
Gift of the Mentor
Grimtassh x2
Out of Commission x5
Rug Hug
Sense x2
The Signal

Effects (7)
Battle Plan
Goo Nee Tay
Honor of the Jedi
Lightsaber Proficiency
Menace Fades
What Are You Trying to Push on Us? X2

Weapon (1)
Obi’s Stick
'

Strategy: '

First off this is not an operative deck, and is not designed to flip. I start Local Uprising, Endor, and Farm and Strike Planning so that my opponent only activates 1 force from me and I get 4, plus a drain of 1 at Endor.

First turn, before I activate, I pull General Cal with Strike Planning, then activate. Then I search for his ship and deploy GS1 and GenCal to Endor. If they are playing RalOps, I move them over to Raltiir to prevent the flip. Or if the opponent is playing any other system that I can drain at for more that 1, I will move over there. Other wise I stay at Endor. I also deploy the Jungle to Endor this turn.

My strat is simple verses all deck types, if the opponent is playing space, I set up drains on the ground, and beatdown in the air. If they are playing ground, I set up drains in the air, and beatdown on the ground. Not complicated at all. My only concern is that I don't have enough ships and no form of retrieval. Any ideas for retrieval would be appreciated.

Changes since last version
Took out BoShek, Courscant, Elom x2
Swapped Your Insights Serve You Well for Wise Advice
Added Battle Plan, Don't Get Cocky, Rug Hug, Liberty

Card explanations

Wise Advice My grabbers can deploy for free and if my interrupts get sensed they go to used pile.

Out of Commission Destiny 5 recycler, good game text, catches a Vader or Mara once and a while. Kill's tie retrieval decks, I know cuz I've got one.


Should I take out some systems in favor of some more sites? Or put in more ships, if so what should I take out???  I also need some form of reterival, but I'm not sure what to use.

Thanks for reviewing

'