---
layout: post
author: ! Alfred "ThaBraHmaBuL" Dong
title: ! "The Brahma Bull/s Speed Profit"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-05
description: ! 'Profit Deck w/ Super Luke to free Han quickly...'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start (6)

You Can Either Profit By This..../Or Be Destroyed
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
General Solo
The Signal
Insurrection

Locations (4)

Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Cantina
Jabba's Palace Entrance Cavern
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber

Characters (18)

Master Luke x4
Ben Kenobi x3
Boushh x2
EPP Leia
EPP Han x2
ECC Lando
ECC Chewie
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Artoo x2

Weapons(4)

Obi-Wan's Lightsaber x2
Anakin's Lightsaber x2

Interrupts(25)

It's A Trap
Fallen Portal
Sorry About The Mess
Put That Down x2
Weapon Levitation x2
Someone Who Loves You x2
Gift of the Mentor x2
The Force Is Strong With This One
Shocking Information x2
Transmission Terminated x2
The Signal x2
Skywalkers
Endor Celebration
Dont Forget the Droids x2
Double Agent
Strangle

Effects (4)

Advantage
A Gift
Order to Engage
I Must Be Allowed to Speak



'

Strategy: '

Ok...READ THE STRATEGY BEFORE REVIEWING

My cards choices

General Solo - Ive lost way too many games to Bubo when using Premiere Han, and gave up my retreival too many times to Secret Plans. He's both immune to Bubo(attrition too), and you retrieve less, but enough so that Secret plans wont hurt you too badly. Why not EPP Han? I dont have 3.....you can switch if you'd like, but Ive come to depend on his immunity and his destiny-canceling power.

2 spare Hans - this goes without saying......when Han dies, you basically lost the game unless you draw a spare. With one in your deck, the chances of drawing it up are pretty slim. Sides, for beatdown purposes this Hans the best.

Dont Forget the Droids - There are 2 Artoos in the deck, if A Gift wont help, canceling his battle destiny always will. Besides, numbers still hurts(popular here), and the 6's are always nice. Take them out if you wish.

Shocking Information - Scanning Crews kill this deck....make them pay for playing them. Recyclable 5 are always nice too.

CC Carbonite Chamber - If you cant free Han, why hang around Tatooine? Go to CC for some nice drains.

Strategy

This deck can get Han free on the 1st turn, providing you get a good hand. Super Luke is possible on the first turn w/ Master and The Signal and Gift of the Mentor. Signal for I Must Speak, Gift for the saber, and battle away. If Mara is there with her saber, steal it(Weapon Lev) or tell her to Put That Down. Hack, pop, and destiny should kill them. This works with Ben but you need to wait a turn. There are no ships, but in my experience youll outdrain them on ground before they do you in space(minus Endor Ops, but its rare). No anti-dueling because the deck's destiny is high. No Nabruns because of Insurrection....which prevents Elis beatdown as well. Remember Han can cancel destiny with Orrimaarko and Chewie. I dont generate too much, but I dont deploy too much or use much force during my turns anyways.

What to do vs......

Hunt Down Very interactive game. Battle away at the aliens...kill Vader if he comes down. Cancel Visage ASAP. Put That Down Vaders choke/chop, steal Vaders saber, and cancel Vaders destiny. Destiny adders for more pain. Do or Do Not to make SAC a pain on them while keeping Hunt on destiny 0 side.


Raltiir Ops A tough game, but you can win. Free Han fast and use lightsabers for drain bonuses and deal your auto-damage... Send over hit squads and deal with Raltiir. If they come to Tatooine, crush them....Raltiir decks dont usually drain for anything. Use OTE and Ben Kenobi to get over the high destinies of Raltiir.

Court Your toughest match. Depending on what they play, free Han quickly with Luke. Spread out on Tatooine, but not too thin. Aim all your weapons at the bounty hunters because they suck in lots of battle damage and attrition and will capture your guys. Strangle IG-88. Put That Down to cancel thier targetings on you. If freeing Han is too hard, use Boushh or Leia to run in and run out with Han using Someone Who Loves You. Do or Do Not to make them take losses for Sense. Use Artoo to get A Gift running.

Anything else.....just flip, and battle away. With 3 Hans, dont be afraid to lose a few, but be cautious with your last one. OTE will handle ISB nicely, as well as Ops. Add in I Know and Narrow Escape if you want to remove the DFTDs. Adding a few ships will help, but it isnt necassary.

Any comments or suggestions will help.....this is a good deck....so judge it seriously, please. Thanks.

The Brahma Bull
'