---
author: Jake "NeDraco" Rich
title: 'Welcome Home Daddy v1.6'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-22
description: 'Its a beast and you know it'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting:(10)
TIGIH/ICSH
Endor:Chief Chirpas Hut
Endor:Landing Platform
Luke Skywalker, JK
Luke’s Lightsaber
I Feel The Conflict
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Wise Advice
Staging Areas
Insurection

Characters:(20)
Obi-Wan with Lightsaber x2
Leia with Blaster Rifle x2
Han with Heavy Blaster
General Solo
Chewie with Blaster Rifle
Lando with Blaster Pistol
Orrimaarko
Twass Khaa
Lieutenant Blount
Sergeant Brooks Carlson
Colonel Craken
Wedge Antilles
Elom x6

Ships:(3)
Sprial
Tantive IV
Liberty

Effects:(6)
WYTTPOU?
Traffic Control
Draw Their Fire
Bargaining Table
Aim High
Bacta Tank

Interrupts:(17)
Insertion Planning x3
I Know x2
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes
Slight Weapons Malfunction x2
Weapon Levitation
Sense x2
Glancing Blow
Control
Fallen Portal x2
Tunnel Vision x2

Sites:(4)
Home One: Docking Bay
Cloud City: Docking Bay
<> Docking Bay
Endor: Back Door


Strategy: 

Replys to comments:
to Wow
-This deck has never lost to a Court deck or a MKOS deck and it usually beats them with around 20 diff.

to Solo337
-This deck has only lost once to a TIE deck and that was when I was still getting the hang of how to play it I can usually out drain them and manage to a battle or 2 in space which is all I need. I have also only lost to 1 huntdown deck and that was to a blind destiny 7! draw that cost me 1 more force loss then I had giving him that game. Also just in case you haven’t realized it Luke does next to nothing against a Scum deck since odds are ther are no Imps there is no Vader to convert plus the Fallen Portals help protect luke form the dreaded IG-88 and 4-LOM combo. and I always cancel Visage with my spies and usually control the Executor no matter what they have there. And if  Ephont is there I deploy a spy to the ajacent site and move in with a guy that can get past Ephont’ game text.


Due to the large amounts of D-mail I’ve recived saying that I should fix certain things in this deck and repost it I’ve finally decide to stop being lazy and so it so here it is.
And also this deck is not a first try It is 33-5 most of the losses are stupid mistakes or amazing luck on my opponents part. So if you are going to rate it less then 5 please d-mail me first an I’ll try to answer any questions that you might have
Okay guys here’s the stats on this beasty.
Average destiny with sites in: 2.8
Average destiny with sites out:3.0
(but those numbers don’t really reflect the draws you’ll be getting with all the tracking you’ll be doing.)
Destiny Layout:
0-4
1-10
2-7
3-9
4-14
5-3
6-3

Now on to the cool techiness this deck packs.
First off you want to pull the DBs out of you deck (duh!) you don’t wan the zeros floating around. And only play the Endor:Back Door if you need the froce or you are in a drain race other then that lose it.
Next, scouts kick @ss use them in battles with Insertion Planning to kill their destiny draws, kinda sucks when that 6 or 7 you tracked gets reduced by three. And since it takes off the destiny it reduces their power as well which is a plus for you. And Cracken and Blount can pay the Emperor a visit in the Throne Room or cancel Visage.
More tech, you’re playing with Docking Bays and high destinies what card could you possibly use hmmm... Fallen Portal. Don’t fear leaving the singel Elom at the Home One: Docking Bay( only do it if you know you can get away with it if they have a big pile of force don’t do it	use some common sense. They’ll play Mara and maybe something else and battle you smile a play Fallen Portal and easily crush Mara or even Vader and leave their 2-2 scrub Imperials to get crushed by your mighty power 4 Elom which also gives you a card for Conflict.
Thats about it for tech now to Statgety.
The key to using this deck is to let your opponent make the first move and then comence beatdown. Give them Luke ASAP other then that battle alot.

vs BHBM
This deck has never lost to a BHBM first off. and it usually ends up with me converting Vader. Try and keep Vader away from the Emperor and if that Fails beat down any characters he deploys and Insertion Planning helps remove the sting from Emperors Power.

vs HuntDown
This deck has only lost once to a huntdown deck and it was because I made some dumb mistakes. But basic just take over the Executor and drain there. Any characters they deploy give a beatdown to if they want to dual Obi let them, use Glancing Blow on top of the high destinies you get Vader will die.

vs Court
Eloms+ Bounty Hunters= dead Eloms don’t use em unless you can get away with it. Use the EPP’s and Scouts to dominate Tatooine but give them a guy so their Obj. flips and they lose the =+2 to forfit. Keep Senses handy for Hidden Weapons. No duh I’ll save force how else am I supposed to play Fallen portal with First Strike out? And if Luke dies against Court It’s no biggy cause most court decks don’t play Vader, And once again Luke will be at the docking bay so if they battle with 4-LOM Fallen Portal splat the droid and it will be no problem.

vs Set Your Course TIES
Start the Drain race use the Eloms at the Docking Bays for the extra force drains a reterival with NarShadda. Don’t play any ships until you can give them a beating and get away with it.

vs MKOS/FAI
Okay since your opponent is most likley going to be using all aliens your Eloms are going to be pretty much usless so use them with Bargaining table to cancel their drains. They are most likely going to be playing their deck using Myo and Abyssians cause quite frankley they are the best.  If the manage to flip their Obj. get out Endor: Back Door ASAP and keep draining them there cause they will be more likely to cancel the drain rather then a battle destiny and you want to keep you Battle Destines flowing. I also added in the destiny adders(slight weapons malfunction) to slove BD’s getting canceled, also Han is the mad tech Docking Bay hunter is your opponent is very agressive plop han at a DB all alone but only if you have fallen portal and I Know in your hand save some force just incase of first strike. If they deploy and battle crush the low ability Abyssians or whatever else might hurt and play I Know. you should like the look on their face when they realize they just got screwed. Other then that there is going to be alot of battles which = alot of fun for you:) And also you and to get out Aim High to hinder their reterival.

vs Rops
Well I got a dmail and the guy said he wanted Rops so you got it. Your’e playing with 6 Eloms, Twass Khaa, and Lando w/ pistol, After your opponent struggles to flip you can use Insertion Planning to cut the destiny draws, and use the <>DB if they don’t have one out to infilertrate Ralltiir  Once again there will be alot of battles most of which you should win. And I haven’t gotten any JPSD yet cause if I did there would be and Onee Tay in here.

vs Any Other Type
Wait for them to make the first move. Attack as you see fit and use the docking bays to your advantage.
