---
layout: post
author: ! Chris "Wedge231" Wodicka
title: ! "Small Blue Hunt Down 2.0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-01-19
description: ! 'I finally listened to advice and dropped Kitik Keed'kak, added a few I Have You Nows, Crush the Rebellion, Battle Order, and Hell to Pay.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (8)
Executor Holotheatre
Executor Meditation Chamber
Hoth Defensive Perimeter
Endor Back Door
Endor Forest Clearing
Endor Dark Forest
Cloud City Downtown Plaza

Characters (16)
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x2
Darth Vader With Lightsaber x2
Zuckuss
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Djas Puhr
Bane Malar
Dannik Jerriko
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle

Starships/Vehicles (10)
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser x2
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Dengar in Punishing One
Bobe Fett in Slave 1
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 6
Dune Walker

Creatures (1)
Bubo

Interrupts (12)
Alter x2
Sense x2
I Have You Now x2
Elis Helrot
Masterful Move
Twi'lek Advisor
Monnok
Evader x2

Effects (11)
Bad Feeeling Have I
Visage of the Emperor x2
Broken Concentration
Reactor Terminal
Security Precautions
Come Here You Big Coward
Resistance
They'll Be Hell to Pay
Battle Order
Crush the Rebellion

Weapons (1)
Vader's Lightsaber

Objective
Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out of the Universe	'

Strategy: '

Modifications on 2/1/00
I realized I wanted to add You Are Beaten, not I Have You Now. I didn't realize that until today. Also, there are 7 locations and 17 characters not 8 and 16.

Yes, 2nd edition of my Hunt Down w/o dueling. I took out a Dune Walker and added Tempest Scout 3. I Have You Now, Crush the Rebellion, They'll Be Hell to Pay, Battle Order, and some new aliens. I figured Veers, Igar, Dyer were not necessary and I finally dropped Kitik. I took out some more SAC and added alot of counters. Crush will help me fish out Evaders, Hell2Pay is good against any interrupt heavy deck, Battle Order will help in drain protection, and IHYN will give me a way to deal with Luke since I don't use dueling. I kept most of the stuff the same other than the characters, blues, and reds.

Against Mains/Tosche Station Play Security Precautions and you'll have just enough to get Vader out first turn to Tosche. Beatdown with Walkers. Use I Have You Now.

Against MWYHL play Broken Concentration and drain alot. Doesn't have alot of drain modifiers so Test 1 isn't a big factor anyway. Come Back You Big Coward to cancel retrieval if they don't occupy two battlegrounds. Use I Have You Know on mains.

Against Hidden Base Start Resistance, use SAC against S-Foils/Yarna/Rebel Fleet early in game. Use ships to probe. Dengar excels against swarm decks. Try to get your Security Precautions out early.

Against ops Use Bubo and walkers to beatdown on system. Battle Order will stop early drains.

Anything else Start Bad Feeling Have I/Security Precautions and try to flip early. Get walkers out.

Against Odds Use Resistance and beatdown.

'