---
layout: post
author: ! Alfred "ThaBraHmaBuL" Dong
title: ! "Eat Crab and watch ladies shake it up"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-01
description: ! "A variant of a Court Musicians deck that has proven good to me...."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start(6)

Court of the Vile Gangster/Eat Crabs
JP Audience Chamber
JP Dungeon
Tat Great Pit of Carkoon
Twilek Advisor
Scum and Villiany

Locations(6)

Kashyyyk
Endor
Coruscant
Tat Cantina
Tat Jundland Wastes
Tat Lar's Farm

Characters(20)

Mara Jade, The Emporer's Pimp x3
Jabba x2
Boelo
Ak-Rev
Rystall
Umpass-Stay
Greeata
Rappertunie
Lyn Me
Lirin Carn
Boba Fett w/ Blaster Rifle
Djas Phur
Dengar w/ Blaster Carbine
Brangus Glee
4-LOM w/ Concussion Rifle x2
IG-88 w/ Riot Gun
Dr. Evazan

Weapons (2)

Mara Jade's Lightsaber x2

Starships(3)

Boba Fett in Bubble
Bossk in School Bus
Zuckuss in Beamer

Vehicles(2)

Skiff x2

Interrupts(8)

Sniper x2
Elis Helrot x2
Twilek Advisor x2
Imperial Barrier x2

Effects(10)

Disarmed x2
Battle Order
Resistance
Scum and Villiany
Security Precautions
First Strike
Oppressive Enforcement
Therell Be Hell to Pay
All Wrapped Up

Creatures (2)

Bubo
Sarlacc

'

Strategy: '

Well this is a Court Deck that CAN flip but DOES NOT NEED TO.....so dont give me junk reviews saying I need to add a bunch of other junk to make the flipping viable.

Start Scum and Villiany against EVERYTHING. Use the AC game text to grab Ak-Rev your first turn and use him to grab another musician. Against Profit they convert your sites but its cool.......Start Ak-Rev and Mara. The first musician youll want in Greeata followed by Rappertunie and Lirin Carn. Lirin is absolutely devastating as he adds to deployment and movent to the AC. Rappertunie youll want second so they have to pay extra to battle.

Drain at Endor and Kashyyyk with your bounty hunter ships....if they die, start the continous retrieval loop(Zuckuss dies, drop Fett from Reserve, battle, and retrieve Zuckuss, wash and repeat).

You can piss them off by making them pay so much more for thier mains and then Barriering them and Disarming them. If you want to flip, look for your bounty hunters and start capturing with IG-88 and All Wrapped Up. After you flip, look for the Sarlacc and jump on a skiff(also useful for reacting all over Tatooine)and sit on it and have it attack during your control phase. The deck can win without it so dont trip if you dont flip. Sniper Artoo and Boussh as soon as they hit table.

What to do

vs. Profit Start Mara and Ak-Rev as stated above and grab musicians. Fill up the AC and spread in space and retrieve every time you battle. 4-LOM for Luke and Ben as well as Disarm them too. Capture mains when needed....flipping can be very advantageous here.

vs. Ops Twilek for Battle Order ASAP. Jump on a Skiff and head over to the Ops planet to battle and retrieve. Have Ak-Rev grab musicians for you but deploy them to the ops planet instead.Dont worry if your guys die chances are theyll get retrieved.

vs. HB Twilek for Battle Order and Security ASAP. Deploy you fleet cautiously ONLY after they flip and watch for Rebel Barrier. Probe quickly and spread on ground but not too thin and rain them and Sniper the spies.

vs. Y4 Tough match-up, but you have the ups in the early run. Umpass-Stay is a spy and Ak-Rev lets you grab him, in addition there are 3 Maras and Bubo in the deck, so invade Yavin fast and furiously. You may want to keep a few guys at Tatooine to prevent Objective damage and make them go there and worry about Yavin at the same time. Take over space and drain there....but DONT deploy Bossk unless you lost one of the other ones....Landing Claw aint pretty. If they go to Tatooine, go for the flip and feed the Sarlacc.

vs. anything else Numbers youve got Resistance....so Signal for it first beyond all else.This deck should be pretty self-explanatory.


Any comments and suggestions are welcome and please, review this deck seriously.

The Brahma Bull

'