---
layout: post
author: ! Jayke "Lord_vader20" Ball
title: ! "Sucez Mes Boules (suck my Balls) v.2"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-14
description: ! 'This A Killer TIGIH deck'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

' STARTING
TIGIH
Endor CHief CHirpra?s hut
Endor Landing Platform
Jedi Luke
Luke?s Saber
Heading for the medical frigate
Insurection
Staging Areas
There is no try
I feel the conflict

Locations
HOmeonedocking bay
Docking Bay
HOth Docking Bay
EndorBack door


CHaractors
Eloms x12
Obi-wan w/saber x3
Bothan Spy x3

Interups
WHat are you trying to push on us x3
It’s a trap
Out of commision x3
The signal x2
Obbysian Ornament x2
Rebel Barrier x2

Effects
Traffic COntrol
Never tell me the odds x2
Yarna d?a?Gargan
Mantellian Savrip x2
Ounee ta
Revolution x3
Goo nee tay
Cival Dissorder
I hope she?s all right
Den of Thieves

SHips
Home one
Liberty
Independence '

Strategy: '

 Ok first off, I got the deck name when I was fooling around listening to south Park the Movie"in French on my Playstation 2. I thought it would be funny. ok heres the strategy

I added in the Back door for a better drain site and activation. If they have imperials at sites, they are screwed from the start. Use luke to drain early, then if they come marching in, just give them luke. Stack up alittle force if you have to, then drop a crew of e-loms with obi-and lay the smack down. Grab all thier important interups, try to get your insert out early, before you deploy obi-wan. Then use cival dissorder to make then lose alot of force for not deploying. If they manage to get out more guys than you, just use your savrip and forfet some Big SHips. Stack up cards quick on Your Destiny and cross vader, and win. AGAINST CERTAIN DECKS
Huntdown, Beatdown big time with eloms, kill of vader and use your inserts to win. Bothans to kill of Visage
Ralltiir- You win
Occupation- You win
Court- Beatdown if they drop mara, use inserts to win, if not, run around killing with jedi luke.
BHBM- GIve them luke, win alot of battles, then use bothans and eloms to kill of vader and emporer at DS2 throne room
Inserts YOu win
Ties Deploy all ships at once, with dubs for forfit with savrip
ISB constant battles, use spies to go to thier 2/0 sites and kill them, if they have any imperials, they are screwed.
ANything else, just react to what your opponent is doing. remeber, if they have imperials, you should win.
'