---
author: Chris "Wedge231" Wodicka
title: 'TR Speeders with #'s'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-05-17
description: 'Uses a fake TR start for activation while setting up numbers and beatdown.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting Stuff (4):
Yavin 4: Massasi Throne Room
Careful Planning
Farm
Swamp

Locations (6):
Cloud City: Downtown Plaza
Endor: Backdoor
Tatooine: Jundland Wastes
Jabba's Palace: Entrance Cavern
Dagobah: Yoda's Hut
Rendezvous Point

Characters (9):
Artoo x2
8D8 x3
ASP-707 x2
Romas 'Lock' Navander
H'nemthe

Vehicles (16):
Rebel Snowspeeder x6
Sandspeeder x5
Snowspeeder x5

Starships (1):
Lando in Millennium Falcon

Devices (1):
Landing Claw

Creatures (2):
Nudj x2

Interrupts (3):
The Signal x2
Transmission Terminated

Effects (18):
Draw Their Fire x2
Frozen Assets x2
Maneuevering Flaps x2
What're You Trying To Push On Us x2
Yarna d'al' Gargan
Do, or Do Not
Wise Advice
Incom Corporation
Insurrection
Never Tell Me The Odds x3
Civil Disorder
Wars Not Make One Great


Strategy: 

I made this deck using TR start to try to throw them off. It also gives you good activation, start first, and give's you a place to deploy Incom Corporation.

The other locations are either twix where they can't drain or they are 2/2 or 1/1 sites where you can drain for 2. That means if you can't beat em down you can drain up to 8 a turn.

The 8D8 and Artoo are for numbers. First turn try to get one down and insert. ASP-707 is so speeders can deploy cheaper and you can get some back in your deck in the late game or if you need them somewhere else. Just recicrculate them and draw em up next turn. H'nemthe is good for Rops decks and they won't be able to get out their Imp's cheap enough. Romas Lock is for reacting decks and he's also a pilot so put him in a speeder.

The speeders are in that combination so you won't get Monnok'ed a lose like 10 Sandspeeders. Other than that customize your combination to your liking.

I only have 3 interrupts. I made this deck in like 15 minutes so it might not be too great. I just threw in Signals for effects and Transmission Terminated for Visage.

I have like a large number of effects. Multiples of Draw Their Fire, Frozen Assets, and Flaps cause they're kinda necessary for beatdown. I need 2 grabber's for Torture or SAC or anything else. Wise Advice is for SAC and so grabbers are cheap. Do, or Do Not is for SAC. Insurrection is for when you drop 5 or 6 speeders on a lone guy and he Elis Helrot's away. Yarna is to protect from Monnok. Civil Disorder and Wars Not Make One Great are to force the opponent to activate and deploy guys.

Nudj's are there so the fake start goes on for as long as possible and the small space package is for Battle Order or stopping a space drain.

Basically you want to insert and get droids out early. When they start to put guys out for Resistance or draining beat them down with speeders. If they don't lose from battles use drains of 2 at your 2/2 sites and 1/1 sites. I haven't tested this deck yet so let me know how it goes if you use it. Once I start testing it I'll post a revision soon. 