---
layout: post
author: Danny "Skuff D" Rider
title: '(I Know) I Can Save Him'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-07-31
description: ! 'Use Han and Liea to help Luke save Vader.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective
There is Good In Him

Locations (8)
Endor Landing Platform
Chirpa's Hut
Rendezvous Point
Kiffix
Aquaris
Chandrilla
Kessel
Hoth War Room

Effects (9)
Honor of the Jedi
Squadron Assignments
Wise Advice
Draw Thier Fire
Bacta Tank
I Feel the Conflict
Legendary Starfigter
Push on Us
Insurrectioon

Interrupts (10)
Sense x4
I Know x2
Nabrun Lieds x2
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Star Destroyer

Starships (9)
Gold Squadron 1
Red Squadron 1
Red Squadron 4
Red 7
Independence
Liberty
Nebulan B Frigate
Tala 1
Spiral

Admiral's Orders (1)
I'll take the Leader

Weapons (3)
Luke's Lightsaber
X-Wing laser Cannon x2

Characters (19)
Liea with Rifle x2
Han with Blaster x2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Obi-wan with lightsaber
Threepio
Wedge Antilles, Red Squad Leader
General Calrissian
Nien Nunb
Colonel Cracken
Derek '

Strategy: '

First off, why certain cards are in the deck
Olander Brit- A deploy 2, power 3 with Panno and cheap extra battle destiny. With Insurrection, Forfiet 6 with Panno.
Major Haash'n- Lateral Damage is back big time.

I don't think any other cards need an explanation as we've all seen thier uses time and again. Now to the startegy portion
Start normally Wise Advice, Squadron Assignments and usually Insurrection. Use these cards throughout the whole game to keep your prescence in space well known. Starting off with a ability 6 on the table is so sweet for your senses and after Luke is captured, you'll still have high ability characters to pull the right draws.
I Know is a cinch with the EPP Han and Liea and it is best used in almost every battle with the two of them to add cards to Feel the Conflict. The destiny adders in space also include Calrissian and Nunb and Elhyk Rue (power destiny) keeping your characters alive with forfiet bonuses from Insurrection will also give you an edge in battles. Now for the deck by deck

VS- Hunt Down Have fun with this. Luke will give you some nice generation until he gets captured and when he does, beat down the Imps. Get Honor out fast. You can easily lock down space and the opponent will have to choose one area or the other. As long as you win by 1 force in a battle, you can add cards to Conflict which will lean the game in your favor.

VS- Court This is the one deck I recomend starting Draw Thier Fire instead of Insurrection. Only because the extra forfiet may not be needed as much. Also your Nabruns will be one bit more useful to send Luke to the Audience Chamber early and either apply the beat or wait to be captured. The few decks that have Vader in thier court might give you confusion but if they capture Luke (even if they slap him in the prison) they'll be losing 2 force a turn. Honor will protect you from the Objective but once you get a foothold on tatooine (preferably with Han, Liea and a scrub or two) you should have no problem staying on the planet. Your space will topple thier BH ships (especially with the Admiral's Order) and you should be able to lock down the game.

VS- TDIGWATT Similar strategy as above but apply the lock down on Cloud City. 2 Rogues and an X-wing cannon should be almost all you need to prevent the deployment of Dark Deal. Win every battle and keep those cards stacking on Conflict. Control Bespin and the game is yours. The quick activation in this deck is what gives you the foothold over a Dark Deal deck.

VS- BHBM This is one of those rare, fun games that ultimately will decide itself. Both decks should be designed to beat up the opponent. You just have to beat them up more. Your space lockdown might be the advantage but careful deployment is what the rebels are famous for...

VS- SYCFA There are so many varients of this deck out there that to list them all would waste time. Beat, retrieve (especially retrieve with Draw thier Fire) and keep those cards stacking on Conflict. If you want, move Luke to the DS DB and drain on thier turf. They might not take battle damage on the death star but you can win battles there none the less and a win is a win.

Things to remember with this deck
Draw thier fire Don't forget it once. You battle, they lose one, you can retrieve and if you win, they lose another card (they can't get back)
The Objective Activate +2, they lose 2 force if Vader doesn't have Luke. (nice against a Court that uses Mara as the only Imperial, as that's 2 force they can't stop)
Legendary Starfighter There should be no reason not to use this in any deck. It wins games, it's just that simple.

I wanted to add a Demootion, NOOOOOOOO and another drain system but this has proven itself to work just fine for me. If you have any ideas (so long as you're not trying to make my deck look like yours) I'd be glad to hear it but the main point of reviewing this is to answer the question Does this deck win games? I think it does pretty well. '