---
layout: post
author: ! Andy "RexBanner7" Klema
title: ! 'Sick of Yavin 4 Mains?'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-26
description: ! 'This deck completely screws Yavin 4 mains, and can beat a large variety of other decks.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations 11
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Coruscant
Dagobah Cave
Death Star
Endor
Endor Back Door
Endor Forest Clearing
Executor Meditation Chamber
Hoth Defensive Perimeter
Hoth Wampa Cave
Kashyyyk

Starships 6
Avenger
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Devastator
Dreadnaught
Executor
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Vehicles 5
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Walker
Dune Walker
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 2

Characters 17
Boba Fett w/ Gun
Commander Igar
Commander Nemet
DS-61-2
Darth Vader
Darth Vader w/ Saber
Dengar w/ Blaster Carbine
Dr. Evazan
Grand Moff Tarkin
IG-88 with Riot Gun
Jabba
Lieutenant Cabbel
Lieutenant Watts
Major Marquand
Mara Jade x2
Officer Evax

Effects 9
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward
Crush the Rebellion
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Lateral Damage
Oppresive Enforcement
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay

Interrupts 11
Combat Readiness
Evader x2
I'd Just As Soon Kiss A Wookie
Masterful Move
Monnok x2
Shut Him Up or Shut Him Down
Twi'lek Advisor x3

Weapons 1
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
'

Strategy: '

How does this deck completley screw Yavin 4 mains you ask? Easily. Yavin 4 mains generally needs to drain off of the opponent's sites. With this deck, you play your 2/0 sites, play CHYBC (there's 3 Twi'leks, you'll find it), and set up heavily on 1 site and 1 system. You're steadily draining for 4 a turn, and your opponent can't do anything. Do you really think that he wants to mess with Vader + Tarkin + Dune Walker with Igar piloting? If he does, he'll have to commit everyone there, and then you let him have that site and set up somewhere else, while all his mains are stranded elsewhere. Simple, no? The standard start is the 3rd Marker and Combat Readiness for the Wampa Cave. This gives you 5 force first turn, and the best drain 2 site in the game. Why the Wampa Cave instead of the Ice Plains? You can't be Mechanical Failured (very useful), and, since EBO might be coming back with the 3rd Anthology, a -1 drain at the Wampa Cave. The rest of the sites are good draining sites, or twix sites. Effects are mostly to counter what your opponent does. Characters are the best that the DS has, same for vehicles and ships. Here's a look at the match-ups

Ops This is the only time you change your starting interrupt. Start Battle Order to slow them down, then establish your drains. Decree will really hurt them, and you have the power to battle them on their own planet. Dengar will be key if you're facing speeder ops.
MWYHL Both Endor and Kashyyyk are close to it, so load up the boarding party and head on over Their mains can't hang with yours, and retrieval is generally shut down by CHYBC.
Hit and Run A good match-up, but a playable one. Your ships and vehicles keep you safe from weapons fire, and generally you can load up your sites enough that you don't have to worry about them attacking you.
Hidden Base Relatively easy game. Your ships will easily last in space, you've got the fodder to handle attrition, and you can hold the ground against a Falke-style deck. Lateral Damage will come in handy, and IJASKAW will handle the key components of the Super Falcon, or the occasional Landing Claw.
Profit Start Mara and Dr. E. Get her saber and move to Jabba's Palace for the early drain of 3. You can interfere with him (hopefully capture Han with Iggy) and set up your own drains enough to outlast him.

Well, that's about it. If you have any questions, drop me a message BEFORE you review it. Thanks, and enjoy. '