---
layout: post
author: ! joe "brangus" horbey
title: ! "Why Joe Horbey Is Number 50 In The World"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-06
description: ! 'This deck has served me well for the last 2 months...going 21-0 in tournament play. This is a modified version of Clint Hays' RALops....'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (12)
Coruscant
Dagobah Cave
Death Star
Desert
Executor Meditation Chamber
Forest
Hoth Ice Plains
Hoth Wampa Cave
Jungle
Kashyyyk
Ralltiir
Spaceport Docking Bay

Characters (15)
Admiral Ozzel
AT-ST Pilot  x3
Commander Igar
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
DS-61-2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Lieutenant Arnet
Lieutenant Cabbel
Lieutenant Watts
Major Marquand
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
Officer Evax

Vehicles (7)
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 5

Starships (5)
Boba Fett In Slave I
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Executor
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Interrupts (8)
Alter  x2
Ghhhk
Masterful Move
Monnok
Trample  x2
Twi'lek Advisor

Effects (11)
Bad Feeling Have I
Battle Order
First Strike
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Oppressive Enforcement
Sandwhirl
Search And Destroy
Secret Plans
There'll Be Hell To Pay x2

Objective (1)
Ralltiir Operations/In The Hands Of The Empire
'

Strategy: '

This deck wins most of it’s games because it stays in control of the game. It stays in control of the game because once the objective is flipped, you basically have a counter to every strategy out there.

Specifics


VS. A New Secret Base/EBO

Start Imperial Decree and develop a presence on Ralltirr quickly; minimal protection on Ralltirr is needed early on, as your opponent will be focusing on getting his EBO going. You do not need to invade Hoth with this objective, though if he dominates space, you may have to. The key to winning this game is to deplete his drains into nothing. The best way to accomplish this is by getting ralltirr flipped, and controlling your Coruscant/Death Star/Ralltirr for Imperial Decree. This will cut his drains down to nothing except at Kiffex/Kessel, and most EBO decks only sport kiffex, and you can take the drain of 1. Your drains on Ralltirr will beat his drain of 1, especially if you can get Search and Destroy working. Later in the game you will need to fortify Ralltirr with At-St’s as your opponenet will most likely come down with an EPP Hit Squad. Alter the Projection of a Skywalker’s and anything that can cancel your drains - Bargaining Table/Rebel Fleet. I feel that if this deck is played correctly, it is nearly impossible to lose this matchup.

VS. Y4 Mains

This used to be my most feared matchup, but lately I have been seeing less and less of these with the release of Third Anthology. Start Bad Feeling Have I, hopefully preventing an early obi-wan. My strategy for this matchup is to only deploy the desert until you have enough to flip in one turn. If he send a lot of mains to the desert, sandwhirl them, and shake your opponent’s hand. If you can get Ralltirr flipped, you will need to get Boba Fett In Slave 1 or ZIMH down to Ralltirr to prevent a flipback. Once the objective is flipped, and you can keep it flipped, the game should be yours. Simply evade his mains and drain on Yavin. You can get to Yavin through Mara Jade. Make sure you get IAO order out, you don’t want his mains nabruning around. Alter his Order To Engage because that is the only way he will deal damage against this deck.

VS. HB Space

I think this game is an auto-win...Start Bad Feeling Have I to prevent EPP beatdowns, they can only send 1-2 at a time with this out, and you can handle that. Do not deploy coruscant until they deploy coruscant, in which case you replace it. I didn’t include security precauions because it is not needed. Once you replace Coruscant, he can drain you at kessel for 2, and kiffex for 1. You can match these drains on Ralltirr, and in combination with Search and Destroy, it’s a sure victory. Do not deploy starships until he flips, in which case you probe with them. Probe Kessel and Kiffex first, as those are the 2 most likely HB indicators. Once his HB has been discovered, try to build up at kessel so he can’t drain there. I don’t know of many LS starship combinations that can handle Executor/Boskk In Bus/Zuckuss. If he get’s a ship down to Ralltirr early, respond with a starfighter, flip, then land it at the docking bay for free.

VS. Profit

This is by far the hardest matchup you will encounter. It is so hard because profit tends to build several mains up and nabrun them around beating the crap out of you. Therefore I start IAO vs. Profit. I recommend flipping a.s.a.p. so you can start getting some ground pound in your hand (Vader/Tarkin, Igar/Tempest 1, Tempest 2/Watts/Marquand). The key to profit games is luring them into the desert on Ralltirr and sandwhirling them. You have to be aggressive with profit and try to kill off Han at all costs, be it through Trample/Choke makes no difference. I think this game just comes down to the draw.

VS. Ops

This is basically like EBO on the ground, and you should use the same strategy. Get Imperial Decree going with a flipped Ralltirr and you’ve got the game. They can’t do anything vs. Imp/Flip except send random EPP’s at ralltirr. Though I play a little differently vs. YOPS and Speeder Ops. VS. YOPS, I start IAO and replace their Docking Bay first turn preventing all that cheap deployment. All you have to do with YOP’s is dominate there planet and get the decree going. Choose where you want to beatdown wisely, as an EPP will be coming down next turn in an attempt to clear the site. VS. Speeder OPS, I follow the strategy of Steve Turner, sending everything at the Operative planetthere is simply to much Blue in this deck for the lightside to hang.


I have covered the most popular strategies at this time. Vs. Numbers I usually try to flip with only At-St Pilots and get Vesden going, usually I can attain a higher total than them. This deck is solid and will only lose to a good deck played by an expert player.   '