---
layout: post
author: ! Alan "DrObiwannabe" Jern
title: ! "Your Average 500-Card Deck"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-02-12
description: ! 'Actually there are only 60 cards... This is a basic Tosche deck with lots of mains, great destiny, and a fair share of 'tech'ie interrupts. :-)'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Obis Hut
Careful Planning
Tosche Station

Locations
Tat JP
JP AC
Tat Mos Eisley
Tat Cantina

Characters
Harc Seff
Ben Kenobi x2
EPP Obi
KFC
Boushh
EPP Leia
Melas
ECC Chewie
Chewbacca
EPP Han x2
EPP Luke x2
Master Luke
ECC Lando (play vs. ground)
Wedge Antilles
Tawss Khaa
Orimaarko

Interrupts
The Signal x2
Transmission Terminated x2
Dont Forget The Droids x2
Glancing Blow
Quite A Mercenary
The Force Is Strong With This One
Run Luke Run (Cancels Vaders Obsession and destiny 6)
Rebel Barrier
Slight Weapons Malfunction
Weapon Levitation
Shocking Info
Nabrun Leids x2
Put That Down

Effect
Disarmed
Battle Plan
Mechanical Failure
Bacta Tank
Traffic Control
Frozen Assets
Beggar
Draw Their Fire
Ultimatum

Starships
Lando In Falcon (play vs. space)
GLIG1
RLIR1
Spiral

Weapons
Obi-Wans Lightsaber
Anakins Lightsaber

Droids
Artoo (a spy with destiny 6)

Devices
Landing Claw '

Strategy: '

Start the game by drawing 8 cards. Get a good amount of power to Tosche as soon as you can for easy activation. In the meantime, draw up cards and play interrupts as necessary. Get out Traffic Control early to help recycle and track all the fives and sixes for battle destinies and weapon destinies. The basic strategy is just to activate a lot, beat down a lot... the interrupts help both offensively and defensively. Here's how to play against specific deck types

Vs. Hunt Down Draw until you get a Transimission Terminated to cancel Visage. If it takes to long to find one, you can always use Boushh to deploy directly there. Beat down as necessary.

Vs. Hunt Down dueling Duel protection is Glancing Blow to cancel one of their destinies and Run Luke Run to directly cancel Vader's Obsession and I've never seen a deck run more than 2. The destinies are pretty good so you should hold up in a duel well.

Vs. ISB If they play the non-interactive ISB, just get Draw Their Fire and Frozen Assets/Beggar and beatdown lone characters. Ultimatum should minimize most drains

Vs. Dark Deal Get guys to CC FAST If you can't get EPP Luke and Obi out, nabrun Ben and Master to CC. The idea here is to stop their operations fast because when they flip, it hurts.

Vs. Court of the Gangsta Pick your battle carefully. Get traffic control out to recycly high destinies that will help to rid the table of pesky bounty hunters. DTF and Beggar will keep Hidden Weapons out of your face. Once you get rid of most of the major BHers, you will have main control of the table and you can drain and battle to victory from there. Use Put That Down to help stop those pesky BH weapons.

Vs. Space Using Landing Claw to cancel one drain in space. Set up some drains on the ground. Pile up a bunch of mains on a ship and fly it around kicking butt and taking names.

Let me know what you think '