---
layout: post
author: ! Peter "Han Solo." Tenneson
title: ! "Ackbar/s Hidden Base Starfleet"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-28
description: ! 'This deck uses Hidden Base and Rebel Leadership to its advantage.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Hidden Base/SWSTYF

Locations(10)
Rendezvous Point
Alderaanx2
Coruscant
Kessel
Ralltiir
Raithal
Ord Mantell
Anoat
Kashyyyk

Characters(19)
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
General Solo
Chewie of Kashyyyk
EPP Leia
Obi-Wan Kenobi
General Calrissian
Nien Nunb
Ackbar
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Derek 'Hobbie' Klivian
Keir Santage
Green Leader
Ten Numb
Tycho Celchu
Elyhek Rue
Bren Quersey
Theron Nett
Lt. Lepira
Hol Okand

Starships(19)
Home One
Defiance
Liberty
Independence
Masanya
Spiral
Tantive IV
Gold Squadron 1
Red Squadron 1
Red Squadron 4
Red Squadron 7
Blue Squadron 5
Green Squadron 1
Green Squadron 3
Red 7
Red 8
Red 10
Gold 4
Gold 6

Weapons(4)
Heavy Turbolaser Battery
Luke's Stick
Concussion Missiles
Intruder Missile

Interrupts(4)
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Rebel Leadershipx3

Effects(3)
Let's Keep a Little Optimism
Aim High
Squadron Assignments'

Strategy: '

Start with HFTMF and the 3 effects.  Deploy the Star Cruisers to the Rendezvous Point and move them to where ever.  Get the Special Ed guys on their ships at their respective planets to get some good drains going.  Control Cosruscant to give him a hard time getting his stuff down.  Home One w/ Ackbar, Red Squadron 1 w/ Wedge, Red Squadron 4 w/ Hobbie, Gold Squadron 1 w/ Cal and Nunb, Blue Squadron 5 armed to the teeth w/ Numb OR Liberty w/ a Heavy Turbolaser and anything else that can kill, go around taking care of nuissances in the air while Luke, Solo, Chewie, Leia , and Ben go around doing the same on the ground.  Rebel Leadership really helps this deck by preventing your opponent from drawing more than one Battle Destiny and then cancelling it with Solo or Wedge.  NEVER split up the ground.

	       If you are against...
Rall Ops Get your guys on Ralltiir asap.  Flip your objective to cancel their drains.	Drain in Space.
ISB Get your guys to their base and flip your objective.  Drain in Space.
BHBM Give them Luke asap and play your battles carefully.  When their objective is flipped they lose one Force each turn which is your bonus and if they can't get any cards on Insignificant Rebellion they can't turn Luke.  Drain in Space.
Court Drop your guys at the Audience Chamber and don't get captured, which is very easy to do.  If you do get a guy captured get him/her back.  Drain in Space.
TDIGWATT Drop your guys on Cloud City and kill some people.  Drain in Space.
HDADTJ Keep Luke on the table and keep Vader off it.  Drain in Space.
CCT Let them start with Leia.	Drop your guys at the Carbonite Chamber and get Leia back before they freeze her.  Drain in Space.
Ops Get some guys to the Renegade Planet and kill.  Drain in Space.
Walker Garrison Attack the Walkers.  Drain in Space.
Endor Ops Go to Endor and kill.  Drain in Space.
TIE Swarm Attack their TIE's in great numbers.
#'s Attack their high destiny guys.  Drain in Space.
SYCFA Get some guys on the Death Star and kill.  Drain in Space.
TTO Blow Away DSII asap.  Drain in Space.
Mains Attack their Mains.  Drain in Space.

'