---
layout: post
author: Leonard "Master Yoda" Mitchell
title: 'Tatooine Rumble v. 2.0'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-01-19
description: 'This deck is used to combat the huge power of the EPP, ECC, and EJP characters with weapons. Various interrupts and swoops allow the Light side to setup battles of their choosing while Order to Engage puts the hurt on the DS while the LS gets ready.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations (8)
Tatooine
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
Tatooine: Cantina  x2
Tatooine: Jabba's Palace
Tatooine: Jundland Wastes
Tatooine: Mos Eisley
Tatooine: Obi-Wan's Hut

Characters (16)
Harc Seff
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Melas
Tawss Khaa
Ben Kenobi  x4
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Jeroen Webb
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Luke With Lightsaber  x2
Wedge Antilles

Vehicles (2)
Air-2 Racing Swoop  x2

Starships (6)
Redemption
Spiral
Tantive IV
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Millennium Falcon
Red Leader In Red 1

Interrupts (18)
Gift Of The Mentor
Sorry About The Mess  x2
Transmission Terminated  x2
Careful Planning
The Signal  x2
Nabrun Leids  x3
Rebel Barrier  x2
Sense  x3
Shocking Information  x2

Effects (8)
Bacta Tank
Beggar
Disarmed  x2
Draw Their Fire
Order To Engage
Ultimatum
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us?

Weapons (2)
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber  x2


Strategy: 

So you're looking for a Light side deck?	I know it's really tough right now, but I'm tired of building decks that hide, so here's what we do:  we stand toe-to-toe.  Kind of.  :)  Ideally the DS won't have much on the table at any given time, so it's not really toe-to-toe.

Ok, all of these DS characters with weapons running around really hurts the LS. The idea of this deck is to eliminate the nasty ECC 4-LOM and IG-88, Mara Jade, and Bossk with Mortar Gun.  This is done through Rebel Barriers, swoops, and Nabrun Leids setting up the Disarmeds and SATM.  And then once all of their good characters are gone, just use swoops and Order To Engage to make them lose more Force while you set up for a big battle.

The normal start for the deck will be Obi's Hut and Mos Eisley with Careful Planning. Tat:JP is in the deck to convert a DS player's own version, as is the JP:AC. The LS has the luxury of going second, so you can see what your opponents starting interrupt is.  The ability to convert your opponent's JP:AC is HUGE right now because so many decks are relying on getting out Mara or Jabba first turn.  This little mental setback goes a long way because the DS player will think it's so important to get set up.  Besides, the LS GT makes it so much easier to cancel Scum & Villany, a card we're going to ge seeing a lot of again.  And S&V can really be a pain.	Two Cantinas ensure a quicker 'Shuffle' can be set up. Why is this important? Well, the power of CHYBC is evident so many, many DS decks are packing it. And as a LS player there can't be too many more things annoying than not being able to drain at the Holotheater after you came down to cancel Visage. The fun little shuffle allows the LS player to occupy the two necessary battlegrounds during the control phase in order to drain at the non-battle ground sites (thanks to Scott Anderson for pointing this out to me).  Plus, the drain of 4 (with Obi's saber) while only having to protect 1 site is great.  But the shuffle also allows for you to do more cool stuff during your control phase, such as Drain, shuffle, Sorry About the Mess, then drain again.   T:JW can convert the bothersome DS version, and it's a quick drain of two as well. Finally, the Tat. system is in the deck for Force generation, to satisfy a possible Battle Order that has been set on you, and to get characters off Tatooine and into space if necessary.  The ships in this deck are more for defensive measures, so don't go playing Tatooine unless you think you can hold it or you desperately need Force.  A drain of two really hurts.

The characters in the deck revolve around the power of Ben Kenobi and his unbeatable ability to revive high forfeit characters. The ideal tag-team of Ben and EPP Luke gets more nasty when you combine GOTM and a swoop. Forfeiting Luke will almost always cover your attrition (unless he's forfeit zero by being hit by a weapon, and in that case the deck isn't doing the job it's supposed to), so the swoop should always stay. All of the other characters are pretty obvious choices: EPPs provide more weapons to Disarm people with, Chewie w/ Gun and Lando w/ Gun are in to provide more weapons that can take advantage of the easily trackable high destiny of this deck.  You know, the beauty of having all of these weapons allows you to see almost everything when it comes up for weapon destiny.  Once you see something you want (or maybe just a high destiny to SATM Vader), you can begin to track with ease.  Anyway, Harc Seff is in because he's the man against all ground decks.  His armor of 3 is decent, but he really shines against Ops or TDIGWATT because all you have to do is take control of a middle site and sit there cancelling the DS drains.  Melas is a good pilot who can help out with the ability requirement that Zuckuss enforces.  Taws Khaa is cool because she deploys for only three and gets big (power 6)around Mara, Jabba, Puhr, and all of these other aliens we are going to see again.  J. Webb is your versatile spy/pilot, and Wedge provide good Bacta Tank fodder as well as other additional benefits. The start of Obi's Hut allows Ben to get out quick and move over to JP and fight Mara, Sense things, or Nabrun off to where the fight is before Imperial Arrest Order comes into play.  The beauty of playing swoops is that IAO won't even hurt this deck because you can set it up so that you will always have characters in front of them for the battle phase on your turn.  And if your opponent is playing indoors, then you won't have walkers to fear.

The benefits of the swoops have already been discussed, and they are just killer when it comes down to the endgame with OTE out. Whenever the DS tries to run away, the LS can just follow and make the DS lose more Force the next turn. Swoops are hugely effective against any deck with a couple exterior sites (some HD, most BH, all Ops, and all ROps). A CC deck will give you trouble, but that's only two semi-ineffective cards; besides, some TDIGWATT decks play Dark Deal with Big Blue, so in that case it means the deck has exterior sites. Also too, swoops will prevent the nasty Always Thinking With Your Stomach from being played against Ben/Luke.

The starships are your standard compliment of cards. Redemption is in there for the Bacta Tank and the nice combo of shuttling down your 'patients' from the Tatooine system.

As for the interrupts, most are based around setting up an unfair fight in favor of the LS.  Gift of the Mentor is versatile in that it can get you Obi's stick right away or add a couple destiny to your Ben/EPP Luke tag-team. Probably the coolest thing to do would be to play GOTM to get Obi's saber, then initiate a battle the same turn with Draw Their Fire out to retrieve it for later. Sorry About The Mess works with the Rebel Barriers, swoops, and Nabrun Leids to further eliminate characters of your choice. Transmission Terminated is anti-Visage and a good destiny boost. If DS is playing Hunt Down with Sense/Alter go ahead and still try to TT Visage because the +4 to each draw should protect you (HDADTJ should always be on the front side against this deck because Ben/Luke should always be at a battleground site). You will notice no anti-dueling cards because it is a metagame choice and the fact that it won't be too hard to avoid Vader with the swoops and the Nabruns (although many HD decks do start with IAO). The Signals grab effects and can double as a starting interrupt just in case you decide not to play Careful Planning for whatever reason. Probably the biggest card to get will be the Bacta Tank because getting that out early is great.  Three Senses are mostly for protection of your interrupts, but they can also be used for disruption. Senses are getting bigger now with all of the BH cards coming back (Hidden Weapons, Jabba's Through With You, Human Shield, etc.)  No Alters are included because aside from Lateral Damage and Presence of the Force, all of the good DS effects are immune to Alter. S&V will be a bother, but that's what your version of JP:AC is for.	Again it's just a metagame call. It's true that Lat. Damage can win the DS the game, but not if the LS plays smart. Two Shocking Infos and 3 Senses provide your manipulator defense (and the Shocks are easy to track).

The effects are all really self-explanatory, so I won't go into them. Bacta Tank is huge right now with most DS decks packing no Alters and nothing more than a Shut Him Up Shut Him Down (which you have a Sense for) if even that. Disarmeds make life difficult for most, and don't be afraid to welcome Mara to Tatooine with a friendly little Barrier/Disarmed combo. Order to Engage is so awesome, I just can't say enough about it. Draw Their Fire is still super cool.  The lose/retrieval is fun, but the best part is making your opponent have to pay for interrupts in battle.  Trooper Assaults, Ghhhks, Hidden Weapons, Sense, all of that will now cost precious Force that your opponent must consider when he's deploying things.  Ultimatum is in because I didn't have room for two Don't Forget the Droids and the six destinies would screw up my Sense draws.  Besides, Ultimatum is nice against Ominous Rumors decks too.  Beggar was added so that I won't have to fear Oo-ta Goo-ta, Solo?! unless the DS is playing All Wrapped Up.  Just Signal for Beggar, deploy it, then use up the DS Force until there is at the most one left.  But if Force is being saved for Oota Goota, the opponent rarely will save more than two.  Here's some friendly advice: don't rely on your Nabruns to win you the game.  Use them soley when it's safe and you'll be a much happier player.  If the opponent plays Those Rebels Won't Escape Us or Tarkin's Orders, just Sense.  The Oota Goota is what you need to worry about.

Obi's saber = duh!

I'd still like to add a Mechanical Failure and a Wise Advice (is that even necessary?), so let me know.

Thanks so much for reviewing the deck and please give me whatever feedback you can. All is appreciated. Thanks!!!  