---
layout: post
author: ! Alan "Serpent" Sagan
title: ! 'Sagan and his Huntdown'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-18
description: ! 'Its huntdown, and it duels.	Do you really need to know more?'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (9)
Huntdown and Destroy the Jedi
Executor Med Chamber
Executor Holotheatre
Visage of the Emperor
Epic Duel
Prepared Defenses
Power of the Hutt
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points

Locations (6)
Executor Docking Bay
Endor Docking Bay
Endor Back Door
Tatooine Docking Bay
Tatooine Cantina
Rendilli

Characters (15)
Lord Vader (x2)
Darth Vader, Dark Lord (x2)
EPP Vader
Emperor Palpatine
Mara Jade x3
Janus Greejatus x2
Sim Aloo
ECC Ig-88 x2
Ephant Mon

Ships (3)
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Zuckus in Misthunter
Bossk in Hounds Tooth

Interrupts (19)
Alter x3
Sense x4
Focused Attack
Masterfull Move x2
Monnok
Operational as Planned x2
You are Beaten x2
Circle is now Complete x2
Vader’s Obsession x2

Effects (4)
Visage x2
There’ll  be hell to pay
No Escape

Weapons (4)
Mara’s Stick x2
Vader’s stick
Darth Vader’s Stick '

Strategy: '

Comment on Reviews
WHAT kind of friggin’ comment is ”you better be able to track.”	READ THE STRAT, see all the crap on tracking?  Damn you should NEVER play this kind of deck if you can’t track, pull SA for 6’s?  what so i can try to blind duel?  that’s the dumbest thing I’ve ever heard.


UPDATE  Pull a you are beaten, add in Search and Destroy.
To smack up some MWYHL action, if its REAL MWYHL, your too fast for it.  Nothing new, you just gotta be carefull.
if its the Machine Killa type, well duel there ass and make sure you win P  its basically a mains and toys deck, just a friggin
good one.

Played properly, this deck should destroy most other decks out there.  My favorite part about is jsut how fast visage is...   your opponent is losing cards, turn 1.  Doesnt matter how if they go first or not, theyre chucking that card.

It has the SAC to control the game...  It is so easy to track with this deck, you should know if you have that 1 (or 2 with empy out) on top, and half the time (or more) the opponent cant even stop yours.  This can absolutely devestate a light side sac heavy deck.

It can drain along with its visage quite easily, janus, vaders stick, maras stick all add to drain, and its not hard to find either the cantina or back door.

Worried about them cancelling your visage?   Sense trans terminate, Drop ephant there with power of the hutt, sense choke, or just go get another one with masterfull move.  The executor docking bay lets you get guys off the executor if they do invade.  The only way i can see them really getting rid of visage is with a DeadBolt... and even then, its hard.

The character removal in this deck is HUGE, even without evazan.  Dueling, choking, you are beaten, and IG-88.	The light side mains dont stand a chance, all of its power comes in teamwork, which you destroy.

Tracking is so easy in this deck, masterfull move, Janus, and operational as planned make it easy as hell.  Example  op as planned a visage or dueling card back.  then use janus, and drop another visage or dueling card back.  or use masterfull move.  you just set yourself up with a 5 and two other damn high cards.
Janus also lets you get what you need in a pinch... tracking that visage for destiny, but your just got cancelled?  grab another.  Same with dueling cards, sense/alters.

This deck could use another emperor, but I dont have one.  Security Precautions would be nice too, but not overly neccessary.  Bubo would be my first extra card to throw in....

Some basic match ups
TIGIH anything but speeders
if you can, op as planned and drop vader first turn.  Lukes already out of the game..  dont blind duel Obi, theyre likely to have high destinies too, make sure your ready.  This deck sucks, destroy it.

TIGIH with speeders
heres a carefull match up.  find that cantina, drain in chirpas hut, have visage kill em.  Dont venture outside except in force, with tons of forfiet...  Example, Emp, Sim, Mara, and Vader toghether.  two destinies, 22-23 power, and 30 forfiet.  you might be safe )

Hidden Base Mains
Dont Over committ, drop vader early as always, and maybe a tad of back up (janus and such)  but keep some hitters in your hand to smack him up.  Same as any other game.

Hidden Base flip
Cause some damage before the flip, then use your judgement to probe.

Profit
this should be easy.  Duel Luke, Duel Ben, kill Han, game over.  I personally wouldnt start mara and ephant mon, thats just asking for a choke and some early beatings, but the choice is yours.

Profit non mains
Smack him up.  You got a monnok, Sense/Alter, and power.  you should be able to win pretty easily.

Agents Chadra Fans
Drop ephant mon in there chamber first turn, no kabe for them	give him a bit of back up and watch for the choke, sense it at all costs  Easy game if they cant get kabe out.

Agents and Speeders
havent played it yet, it scares me )  Drain inside, Visage will hit em, hurt them when you can, and be carefull

EBO
youll cause too much damage too fast, EBO is way too damn slow for this kinda stuff.  Save mara to duel luke, if theyre smart theyll drop him at the north ridge.  Wait till you get two ships in hand, then go smack him up somewhere.... make sure you have a 6 or something ready and you dont bite off more than you can chew, though.

Deadbolt
Well the way ive seen this deck go so far, you should be ablt to beat it.  Maybe the people here just cant play it right...  It was played fairly well, and annoying as hell  but that visage loss every turn made it hard for him to guarantee that what he wanted was on top.
A little too slow for a deck like this.

Gimme your reviews	'