---
layout: post
author: ! Alan "Curse" Finch
title: ! 'Direct Damage III'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-05
description: ! 'This deck seeks to do damage to your opponent directly. Not through normal means such as force drains and the like which can easily be cancelled or modified. This is an extremely well tested WINNING deck.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Effects (16)
Advantage
All My Urchins
Battle Plan
Civil Disorder
Do, Or Do Not
Goo Nee Tay
Insurrection
Legendary Starfighter
No Disintegrations
Order To Engage
Projection Of A Skywalker
Revolution
Traffic Control
Uncontrollable Fury
Wise Advice
Yoda's Gimer Stick

Interrupts (8)
Double Agent
Grimtaash
Noble Sacrifice
The Signal  x4
Weapon Levitation

Characters (19)
BoShek
Boussh
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk
Commander Vanden Willard
Corporal Beezer
Corporal Kensaric
General Crix Madine
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Jeroen Webb
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Lieutenant Greeve
Luke With Lightsaber
Melas
Momaw Nadon
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Orrimaarko
R-3PO (Ar-Threepio)
Tawss Khaa
Wedge Antilles

Weapons (1)
X-wing Laser Cannon

Starships (8)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Millennium Falcon
Red Leader In Red 1
Red Squadron X-wing  x3
Spiral
Tantive IV

Locations (8)
Cloud City Guest Quarters
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Endor Chief Chirpa's Hut
Endor Rebel Landing Site (Forest)
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Kashyyyk
Rendezvous Point
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room '

Strategy: '

PLEASE READ THIS

This may be the FINAL version of this deck (unless new cards are released soon that fit it's theme). I have tested and re-tested this deck with many variations. This is a very tough deck to play with. However, it does work effectively if you know what your doing. I have throughly tested this deck and it works very well on almost all deck types Please, when you review this deck consider that this is no typical deck. It does not seek to prevent your opponent from damaging you, instead it seeks to do more damage to him. I had many people tell me to use MWYHL in the older versions of this deck due to it making it harder to alter my effects. Well, I don't mind my opponent trying to alter my effects. As a matter of fact, I like it when they try, espically when I have Do, Or Do Not out. See, I have SO many effects in this deck that having one or two altered (and merely put back in my reserve deck) isn't going to make much of a difference to me, it'll just end up damaging my opponent. That's the whole point Plus, I don't want to give my opponent the advantace of two starting icons.

Basic Strategy This deck combats your opponent mainly through the use of damaging effects. Pay close attention to what your opponent is doing then put your counters to use. This strategy is backed by retrieval using Noble Sacrifice combined with Insurrection.

Starting Start with Rendezvous Point and Signal an effect. Most of the time this should be Insurrection, definatly against Hunt Down w/ Duel. However, this can change as per your opponents Objective or starting effect. Hunt Down w/o duel you might want to start Goo Nee Tay. ROPS should be Battle Plan. Otherwise, just start with Insurrection or Wise Advice.

Card Comments Obviously, you cannot use every applicable card in a 60 card deck. These are some of the reasons I chose some of these.

-Effects
Goo Nee Tay - Stops some forms of manipulation and helps slow down DS Mains. This is a necessary effect since this deck can be hurt by M'iiyoom Onith.

Order to Engage - Really hurt's when used tactfully with Yoda's Gimer Stick.

Revolution - This card adds another effect for your opponent to Alter or worry about cancelling when combined with your 2/0 sites. Plus it can basically strand your opponents characters on one of your sites without being able to drain.

Battle Plan - Great when combatting fast drain decks.

Traffic Control - This is a very needed card in this kind of deck. Depending on your opponents strategy this allows you to place you un-needed effects back in your life force.

Yoda's Gimer Stick - A great card to help you set up Advantage and the effects of Order to Engage.

-Interrupts The only thing you might not get here is Weapon Levitation. Besides it's obvious use of stealing weapons, it also cancels You are beaten, which cancels Uncontrolable Fury. These are THE cards when combating Hunt Down decks. Double Agent can be really mean with all your spies and Mara seeing a lot of use these days.

-Characters You have plenty of tough characters to provide enough for a good fight if you need. Otherwise here's some other notes

Momaw Nadon - Spy's are always necessary in a deck. And, besides this he can control some of the popular creatures being used.

Boushh - Hunt Down Killer. She's great w/ Fury. What else can you say.

Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk - He is mainly in here due to Crix being able to pull him from my reserve deck. Plus, when your opponent deploys Vader you can Sacrifice Chewie and retrieve 9

R-3PO - severly hurts ISB.

Everybody else makes for best staying power and retrieval when combined with Insurrection and Noble Sacrifice. Plus, with this new version you should have enough aliens and ability four characters (for Yoda's Stick and Fury) to combat ROPS.

-Weapons X-Wing Laser Cannon - Kill those bounty hunter ships

-Ships Enough space to really hold a system down or hurt an unsespecting opponent. Your definatly not weak in this department.

-Locations No Shelter Good activation for you and little for your opponent. Some cool Tech for a little beatdown when combined with Revolution


Combating Specific Decks - Other than using the key effects against the right decks here are a couple of notes.

Hunt Down No contest. Start with Goo Nee Tay or Insurrection if they start Epic Duel. Then Signal for Uncontrolable Fury. Wait for your opponent to flip his objective then play Fury. Throw Boushh at an executor site and to give you prescence to deploy and cancel visage. Then drain. Your opponent can't stop you from draining at at least one Executor site with her there. This deck really stomps on Hunt Down as long as you don't do something stupid with Luke or Obi. Generally I loose them FIRST so if they duel then their stuck with a bunch of worthless cards. I've played Hunt Down with this deck in tournaments plenty of times - this should be an easy win.

Space Hold all your ships at the best system to drain with. Be sure to save force for your cannon. Legendary Starfighter will be great. Hopefully you can play it on the Falcon and move it to the R-Point to secure that loss. The super falcon is really hard to beat w/ all of your high forfit characters on the Spiral and Tantive.

ROPS You'll have some good fun with Tawss, Gimer Stick, and Order to Engage. Then after all this Advantage It'll be a hard pressed fight but, you should have the space power to hold Raltiir down. Also, you have enough aliens to get an early hold of their planet and a Projection of a Skywalker to slow them down and attempt to keep them on their zero side.

The other decks should be fairly obvious on how to combat with the cards included. Thanx for reviewing


REVIEW NOTES
Vioce Of Law - I'd love to be able to include more Insurrection-able Rebels but, I think you need a nice balance of Aliens to Rebels for Rops defense. Also, if things work out right, you shouldn't need to draw destiny much to win

Bounty22 - Read the cards AND the Strategy - MAYBE then you'll understand.

Grand Nagus - SAC is not big in my area at all. If I expect to see it in a tournament I then START with Wise Advice and Signal for Do, or Do Not shortly there after. What else can you ask for? Also, who cares about dueling?? As I said in the strategy, if it's an Epic Duel start I'm facing - the first cards I lose to Visage are Luke and Ben. Bang, no more dueling worries.

Spedman - I actually like the DS text on some of my sites. When you combine them with a surprise revolution it makes for a nice little beatdown. Crix is great for getting out your characters - espically against manipulation decks. Also, I'm not really into the Holotable. I'd rather the Landing Site just incase of coming up against Endor Ops and most of my Rebels deploy real cheap there. Thanx for the advice though.

JFunkAllStar - Huh? Manipulation doesn't put up much of a fight - I do have protection, maybe you should take a closer look. Goo Nee Tay, Crix Madine, and Corpral Beezar all realy help. And Duel Protection? You must not have even glanced at my strategy section. Come on man.

 - NEWS I took this deck to my state finals and it went undefeated and I placed fourth. It really works folks, you just have to understand the deck and the strategy. Many of you don't seem to be able to grasp how I win with this deck - all I have to say is - maybe someday you'll learn. And for all those Pro Hunt Down people - I haven't lost to hunt down in a tournament with this deck, PERIOD. '