---
layout: post
author: ! Julien "Dark Padawan" Riviere
title: ! 'French Operations'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-28
description: ! 'This deck is my undefeated EBO. It use Baragwins...'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (9)
Corulag
Hoth
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Hoth Echo Corridor
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Hoth Main Power Generators
Hoth North Ridge
Kashyyyk
Kiffex

Characters (11)
Arcona
Baragwin  x4
Boushh
Ishi Tib  x2
Luke With Lightsaber
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
TK-422

Starships (12)
Spiral
X-wing	x11

Interrupts (13)
All Wings Report In  x2
Hyper Escape
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes  x2
Organized Attack  x3
Rebel Barrier  x2
The Signal
Transmission Terminated  x2

Effects (7)
A New Secret Base
Do, Or Do Not
Echo Base Operations
Incom Corporation  x2
What’re You Tryin’ To Push On Us?
Wise Advice

Weapons & Devices (8)
Ewok Catapult
Intruder Missile
Bionic Hand
Landing Claw  x2
X-wing Laser Cannon  x3 '

Strategy: '

Please read all the strategy part before reviewing...

Why I’ve made this deck ?
---------------------------
I have ever played a similar deck (but without the baragwins) before Death Star II expansion. With this set I feared Bring Him Before Me due to its heavy SAC potential. But now everybody know how to beat BHBM. So this deck is too dangerous to play because it is too waited. I think we will less meet this kind of deck in our areas. Then Ralltiir Ops was the lone deck which can easily set up Imperial Decree. Now Ralltiir is far...

Why Baragwins ?
---------------
Contrary to Projections or Rebel Fleet they can’t be Altered of course. Projections are sometimes useless (in space and on mobile sites). Projections and Rebel Fleet can’t be used against Hutt Influence, Baragwins can  Honor Of The Jedi is dead due to No Escape, Baragwins aren’t  Indeed direct damages (Search&destroy, Visage, Court Of The Vile Gangster...) are the major problem of Echo Base Operations. Baragwins are here for that. I use Undercovers and Landing Claws to counter opponent’s big drains. Baragwins retrieve Landing Claw if canceled.  Baragwin are protected by the shield. Come Here You Big Coward is useless against my deck I easily occupy 2 battlegrounds with my 4 systems. They aren’t concerned by Something Special Planned For Them . Secret Plan ? EBO has a huge activation and my X-Wings are cheap (1 force to deploy...) so I can pay 2 forces to retrieve one force if necessary. I hope you agree the Baragwins now 

Main Strategy
-------------
Usually you set up EBO fastly (second turn) with your aliens and one X-wing on Docking Bay (to avoid an early Monnok). Then you are ready to spread out unless opponent sit already in space. In this rare case, beatdown him (use Cannons if necessary) then spread out. The best is to put 2 X-wings on each system. With Incom Corporation they draw the battle destiny. They are protected by Hyper Escape, Barriers or Spiral. Sometimes Organised Attack is enough 2 X-Wings have a total power of 13 (Incom Corporation, Organised Attack and EBO) or 15 on Kiffex (your biggest drain) so Bossk or Zuckuss are small in front of them. Don’t forget that the Cannons are great against Bounty Hunter’s ships. And you can track the 7’s destinies to draw them as battle destinies.

Use Baragwins against direct damage and small drains. Use undercovers and Landing Claws against big drains. In the end of the game you can play All Wings Report In or Nar Shadda Wind Shimes (on 3 baragwins by tracking a Landing Claw) to retrieve the forces you have lost .

EPPs are good to make suicide battles or to kill someone under the shield. With the Arcona, they are enough to handle a few the Imperial Decree. Don’t forget that the speed is your key to win. You have an heavy drain potential and if opponent is concentrated on the ground to set up the Decree, he can’t be also in space. So you can easily drain like a mad before he sets up the Decree. You should finish the game by draining of one (or two on Kiffex) at each system. And nowadays Decree is (very) rare in tournament since Ralltiir is dead (I know that some people don’t agree with that but it is my own point of view -)

Use Ishi Tibs to avoid Monnok by replacing some doubles and stopping to draw.


About The Matchups
------------------

Against Hunt Down your first priority is to cancel visage with Transmissions or Boushh. Before you succeed to cancel it Baragwins are enough to retrieve the forces you lose from Visage. Usually Hunt Down hasn’t a lot of starships. You can quickly spread out and overdrain him.

Against Bring Him it is the lone matchup where you don’t spread out. Senses are dangerous if they target your barriers, hyper escape or spiral. You can easily handle his drains with the baragwins or undercovers. Try to pull off quickly Do, Or Do Not, Wise Advice or Grabber to protect you from senses. Alters are useless against my deck... In the late game you can spread out.

Against Court or MKOS you ignore Hutt Influence contrary to most of the EBO. Baragwins retrieve his direct damage and drains. You can easily spread out since he has only a few starships. Rebel Barriers are the key to prevent suicide battles. If he deploys a starship, barrier it so he can’t retrieve with Scum or First Strike. Then use cannons or just battle to clean space. You will overdrain him...

Against Sienar spread out on all systems including Wakelmuii to avoid beatdown and Alderaan to drain safely. Where he battles play Hyper Escape and redraw it with ishi tibs the next turn. Use Landing Claw on his Dreadnaughts. Stack his All Power To Weapons and use cannons in battle. Sienar is an easily matchup for EBO (read the reports of Brian Hunter about Phoenix mega week-end to see how he had crushed Ties 3 times )

I have ever played against all this kind of decks and this deck is still undefeated. So try it and you will understand.

Julien Riviere AKA Dark Padawan '