---
layout: post
author: Evan "fizz247" Clemens
title: 'Evan's Amazing Rescue'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-30
description: 'A RTP deck post DSII and capable of taking on the best.  Insane battling capability, destiny, and regeneration.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

* denotes starting

Objective (1)
Rescue The Princess/Sometimes I Amaze Even Myself *

Locations (6)
Death Star: Detention Block Corridor *
Death Star: Docking Bay 327 *
Yavin 4: Massassi War Room *
Yavin 4: Docking Bay *
Home One: Docking Bay
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94

Characters (18)
Prisoner 2187 x2 *
Luke With Lightsaber x2
Ben Kenobi x2
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol x2
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Wedge Antilles
Tawss Khaa
Bothan Spy x2
ASP-707 x2
8D8 x2

Starships/Vehicles (7)
Red Leader In Red 1
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Ronto x2
Lift Tube x3

Interupts (17)
Heading For The Medical Frigate *
Strangle
Star Destroyer!
Under Attack
Fallen Portal
On The Edge
Narrow Escape
The Signal x2
Suprise Assault x2
Rebel Barrier x2
Lift Tube Escape x2
I'm Here To Rescue You x2

Effects (11)
Staging Areas *
Insurrection *
Wise Advice *
Honor Of The Jedi
What're You Trying To Push On Us
Traffic Control
Bacta Tank
Echo Base Garrison
Projection Of A Skywalker
Death Star Plans x2

Strategy: 

Please read strat and reveiw, thanx! :)

Well, as far as RTP decks go, this is the way to do it.  Death Star II solves many of the problems that have faced RTP decks since their release.  The most worthy addition is that of Staging Areas.  Quick activation is exactly what RTP always lacked.  By abusing Insurection and Staging Areas, this problem is solved.  The second worthy addition to the deck is the advent of Prisoner 2187 from the third anthology.	This persona of Leia solves many problems involved with the dark side running of with the princess.  Also, she prevents the objective from being placed out of play, greatly increasing its shelf life and making Leia a more effective battling tool.

Ok, now some basic RTP strategy-skip this part if you feel you allready know how to play with an RTP deck.

There are two methods of releasing Leia in this deck, 8D8 and I'm Here To Rescue You (IHTRY).	The objective prevents you from deploying 8D8 directly to the Death Star, so you can deploy him to Yavin and transit him for free.  Lift tubes make the job go much faster, there are three in the deck and you can fetch them with Lift Tube Escape.  Most games you can release Leia by the 2nd or 3rd turn, and flip the objective by the following turn, or the same turn if you are lucky, for example-You draw 8D8 (or a spy and IHTRY), a lift tube (or lift tube escape), and a ronto in your first hand.  deploy 8D8 to Yavin, and both vehicles to the Death Star.  Transit over and move 8D8 to the corridor using the lift tube.  2nd turn, during your control phase free Leia by drawing >3 (not too hard in this deck) or >1 with IHTRY.  Retreive four force (if you have even lost that much, unlikely) and force drain for four (assuming CHYBC isn't on the table), then move using the lift tube to the docking bay.  Hop on the ronto and use its landspeed to move using transit (it can transit itself because it has ability) and then use Leia's own landspeed to move her to the War Room-BAM, you've fliped.

Now, the intricate details that make this deck a machine, and pummels the competition.

Ok, activation is not a problem, you can pull your other two docking bays and put you're characters there for activation.  Plus that leaves no 0's in your deck-a very nice feeling that in most every battle, you can kill something with attrition.  The destiny in this deck is brutal and amazingly simple to track using trafic control, or ASP droids.	You can track 6's and 7's for On The Edge, Fallen portal, Under Attack, Death Star Plans, or just weapon and battle destiny.	Even if you don't track your destiny, you can be pretty confident you will draw decent destiny nonetheless.  Damage in this deck is derived from simple force drains, or battle.  The Prisoner's text reads "adds 2 to your force drains here"  I love that, just "here" wherever she goes, she drains away-very cool.  Games with this deck tend to run long too, because you will be damaging them little by little, and they might make you lose some force, but the retreival in this deck is massive.  Just pulling off one Death Star Plans can retreive your entire lost pile in one shot.  The cards that give you the most trouble are Secret Plans and Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down.  If you see SHUOSHD, grab it asap.  When completing Death Star Plans, make sure you can pay for the retreival.

Now, to answer some specific questions you may have about this deck.

What if they take Leia?-they can't, Prisinor 2187 cannot be transfered.  If they capture her, make sure to get her back (strangle can be used against Iggy if necessary.  Extremely easy to pull off too, cuz he don't got ability)

Why only two starships?-if they arn't interacting with me on the ground, I get free reign to force drain away and retreive.  The starships are for suprise value.  If they don't think you have any, they will probably spread out too thin, then you can knock them off one or two drain locations.

What about SAC?-I start wise advice, which helps and I can grab sense or alter.  SAC will hurt to be sure, but I don't see it much here.  My destiny is so high that I would frequently fail SA draws, so the best solution is more grabbers and controls if SAC is hot in your area.

What about Manip?-most people don't play screw anymore and the manip nowadays is in the form of miyoom.  Being hit with miyoom will certainly hurt, and Goo Ne Tay and Shocking Info would be meta cards to add if manip is giving you headaches.  This deck is capable of beating manip as is if you play smart.

Why tat docking bay?-Cuz Ben Kenobi rocks my world!!!  Plus you can transit him wherever after you deploy him.

Whats with Echo Base Garison?-Lets me pull 8D8 and Bacta Tank I took out a signal and an 8D8 for this-its more efficient.

What if I get a bad hand?-First thing you should do when you start your turn is, well, activate, but after that search for a db with insurrection.  With some examination you can determine what is in your force pile, and draw for the cards you need.

Ok, now time for the matchups.

SYCFA/Blank-well, they will probably feel smart when they deploy sites in between the docking bay and the coridor, but with lift tubes, it doesn't matter.  Just don't spend too much time on the Death Star-its a nice place to visit but you don't wanna live there.  These decks are almost always manip or TIES, and both are very beatable.  TIES will provide the best matchup, but you can suprise them in space and retreive more than they can with SFS.  Suprise assault can slaughter a TIE swarm.

Rops-Well, first congratulate them on being original, and then procede to beat them to a bloody pulp.  If they deploy the <>docking bay, you can deploy your mains on yavin and transit over for free.  This deck has more tricks up its sleeve than any raltirr deck, so use that to your advantage.  Flip 'em back or prevent the flip in the first place.  You also can retreive wich few Rops decks can.  Rops decks may win consistanly, but not by much, which means with retreival, you can stick it out and drain them of that last 10-15 force.  Suprise assault can work well against scrubs too.

BHBM-Use HOTJ and pop out luke when it becomes unbearable.  They shouldn't be winning any battles if you are playing to RTP's full potential, especially with your mad destiny draws.  Fliping their objective is like turning the tables-they start taking damage and you stop-woohoo!  Flip your objective and come pay the emperor and vader a visit-with a hack hack here and a blast blast there, game over.  Don't forget, they ain't so immune to attrition on the flip side.

HDADTJ-Use HOTJ till they occupy three bats, then either kick em off one or cancil visige with a bothan.  Don't lose a duel and keep retreiving.  I would definately add some dueling cards if I see a resurgance of this-nothing better than winning an epic duel.  Plus-once you flip, you only have to kill Vader, Mara, and Tarkin once and then the game is over.

Dark Deal-Beat em off cloud city and drain at their sites.  Don't forget, you can use your tubes on cloud city too-bonus!

Scum-This is a good pairing.  Use HOTJ to prevent court damage, and use your outstanding destiny to make em loose multiple characters since poor litle dark side aliens have piss-poor forfeit.  You can out battle them if you play smart (fallen portal can win the game for you).

Endor ops-use under attack against walkers, and try to get to the bunker if you can to prevent a flip.	Watch em spread too thin in space and knock em off their drain systems.  Bring the beats on endor.  Suprise Assault works here too.

Old skool mains+crap-these decks tend to have terrible destiny draws, and rely on sheer power and force drains/direct damage to win.  Use your tech to out play them, cuz you will have to.  This deck don't play itself.  Don't be stupid and you have this game sealed up.

Well, thats it, if I forgot anything, d-mail me or reveiw plz.	Thanks for your time.




