---
layout: post
author: Adam "General Solo" Prosak
title: 'Gangsta's Paradise'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-15
description: ! 'Vaderless Mains and Toys.  Sure when you have powerful effects'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Objectives (1)
Court of the Vile Gangester

Locations (8)
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace Dungeon
Tatooine Great Pit of Carkoon
Death Star
Coruscant
Coruscant Docking Bay
Executor Docking Bay
Dagobah Cave

Characters (13)
Mara jade, TEH x3
Jabba the Hutt
Boelo
Boba Fett w/Blaster Rifle x2
Dengar w/Blaster Carbine
Jodo Kast
IG-88 w/Riot Gun
4-Lom w/Concussion Rifle
Dr. Evazan
U-3PO

Starships(4)
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter x2
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Dengar in Punishing One

Weapons (2)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber x2

Creatures (1)
Bubo

Interupts (21)
The Signal x3
Sense
Alter x2
Fustration x2
Imperial Barrier x4
Evader
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
Point Man
Masterful Move x2
Monnok
Ghhk
Torture x2

Effects (10)
Scum and Villany
There'll Be Hell To Pay
Security Precautions
Battle Order
First Strike
Search and Destroy
Blast Door Controls
Reactor Terminal
Secret Plans
A Bright Center to the Universe '

Strategy: '

With the LS being dominated by mains and toys, Court decks have a distinct advantage over other mains decks when facing EPP hit squads.  The first is the objective itself.  This objective forces the opponent to commit to Tatooine or suffer 1 force loss per turn.  Of course you are subject to the same force loss but that is easily dealt with with the barrier game.  The second is increasing the productivity of your bounty hunters, their deploy forfeit ratios are much better with Court.  The final advantage is the ability to pull docking bays and independent ships from reserve.  These allow you to have built in space defense and extra activation.  The second card that makes this deck strong against mains is Scum and Villany.  Playing with Vader can become a liability with UNCFury and the cheaper deploy and retrival gives you a huge edge against the LS mains.  With the obj and S&V, your bounty hunters have better forfeit deploy ratios than the EPP's for the LS.  while S&V and obj are strong and provide flexibility, what really makes this deck is what I call 'the barrier advantage'  Barriers are strong at saving your characters and setting up beatdowns.  With Blast Door controls, you assure that Rebel Barriers will stay out of your way.  Fustration can get rid of their grabbers and that allows your 4 barriers to wreak havoc.  The barriers allow you to initiate the battles, making S&V, Dr.E, Iggy, and 4-Lom better.  The barriers and S&V allow the deck to flourish with only 10 non-droid characters.  The purpose of battling in this deck is to retrieve and eliminate LS characters, not beatdown.  The sheer efficency in this deck assures that you will win a war of skirmishes.  A light SAC complement (primarily for grabber bate, scare tactics) and specific counters make sure the devastating LS effects stay off the table.

vs. Throne Room, Profit or any other mains- when I see mains, i smile.	You are terribly more efficent than they are and your barrier advantage will allow you to win many games.  They can't sit forever waiting for a drop strike because of the objective.	The barriers will allow Jabba to go safely to the AC and Mara can drain at their locations or fight.  Mara rules. Start S&V against anything but Throne Room, Precautions against throne Room(can't get S&V canceled before you get a turn)

vs. Hidden Base- start Precautions, the +1 activation will help against fakeo HB.  Your recurring ships and Search and Destroy and the obj damage wreck Hidden Base.  Watch out for laser cannons.  If you see laser cannons, deploy suicidal ships after they flip to retrieve force.

vs. Ops or other drain- start battle order.  Nothing can compete on ground and space against this deck.  Use a lost monnok every time before you retrieve force and keep a Ghhk handy for speeder beats.  ABCTTU against speeder ops is almost always game.  ops can be tricky but you are given enough force to do whatever you want.	I first turn Fustration can see if a Masterful Move for Monnok is a good call.	S&V and ABCTTU are crucial as they preserce your life force.

cards I wanted to add- Chall bekan and CC engineer.  I just don't have room and I never had a difficult time against profit.  I usually start Boelo and Fett and Barrier Massa Luke.  conerting the AC in one matchup isn't worth 2 cards.  I don't have enough aliens to make Chall useful.
Bad Feeling and CHYBC- these are wonderful cards in general but there are better cards to suit this deck.  I'd also like to add another Torture and grabber but there are only 60 cards in the deck.

note the Lone Evader is to be used only once the LS has revloved 3 of your force or they can't afford a grabber. You've only got the one. '