---
layout: post
author: Gordon "Tallus" Marx
title: 'Das Rebelstrikenteamenheimer'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-07-23
description: 'Blow up the Bunker, dammit.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective:
Rebel Blow-shit-up Team/Garrison Destroyed

Epic Events (1)
Deactivate The Shield Generator

Starships (8)
Gold Squadron 1
Grey Squadron 1
Liberty
Red Squadron 1
Spiral
Tantive IV
Tydirium  x2

Characters (23)
Captain Yutani
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk
Corporal Beezer
Corporal Delevar
Corporal Janse
Corporal Kensaric
Corporal Midge
Daughter Of Skywalker
Geezum
General Calrissian
General Solo
Kin Kian
Lieutenant Greeve
Lieutenant Page
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Major Olander Brit
Major Panno
Nien Nunb
Orrimaarko
Sergeant Brooks Carlson
Sergeant Bruckman
Sergeant Junkin
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader

Weapons (3)
Explosive Charge  x3

Effects (7)
Honor Of The Jedi
Insurrection
Let's Keep A Little Optimism Here
Menace Fades
Squadron Assignments
Strike Planning
Your Insight Serves You Well

Interrupts (10)
Covert Landing	x2
Insertion Planning  x3
Take The Initiative  x2
Throw Me Another Charge  x3

Locations (7)
Endor
Endor: Back Door  x2
Endor: Bunker
Endor: Dense Forest
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Endor: Rebel Landing Site (Forest)



Strategy: 

Das Rebelstrikenteamenheimer (loosely translated: "My hovercraft is full of eels.") is a deck that is all about shits and giggles. Your opponent shits when you hand him a 15 force loss in one turn. You giggle when you win with the "worthless objective."
Anyway, on to the strat.
Start the Objective, Endor, Rebel Landing Site, HFTMF, Strike Planning, Squadron Assignments, and Insurrection.
Go grab General Solo before you activate, unless you got him in your hand - then you can grab General Lando.
When you get Covert Landing in your hand, show Solo to get the Tydirium, deploy them to the system, land them for free at the Landing Site, and then Covertly Land with all your dudes on the cheap.
Basically, deploy dudes until you either a) have enough random mooks to hold the Bunker until you can blow it up, or b) flip the objective the other way, after which your draws to blow up the Bunker are each +2.
Throw Me Another Charge (or, as it's sometimes called around me, Throw Me the Shield Generator [What can I say? I was tired...]) is a Good Thing in this deck - a cycling 6 that lets you get Explosive Charges.
Insertion Planning is similarly awesome - a cycling 6 that'll usually knock your opponent's attrition down far enough not to really hurt you.
Actually, now that I think of it, you might want to throw in Concentrate All Fire - adding 2 to your immunity never hurt anyone.
Kin Kian is in here to offset Endor's drain -1 text, and he also helps the Wedginator cancel destiny, as he is a Rogue Squadron pilot. If you don't like him, you could use Tycho Celchu and Green Squad 3 - also a Rogue pilot.
The Liberty, Spiral, and Tantive IV are all sweet ships that deserve to be in nearly every deck.

That's about it. Thanks in advance for constructive reviews, and to everyone that thinks RST sucks - well, it doesn't anymore.
