---
layout: post
author: ! Matt "Old Skooler" Lush
title: ! "Matt's Initial LS EJP Objective Deck"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-01-12
description: ! 'First shot at the new LS EJP Objective. I'm assuming you've read it by now...'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective
YCEPBT/OBD

Locations(8)
Tat Jabba's Palace
JP Audience Chamber
Tat Obi's Hut
Tat Cantina
Tat Mos Eisley
Farm
Tatooine x2

Characters(14)
Master Luke x3
Ben Kenobi x3
Leia w/Blaster x2
Captain Han x2
Chewie w/ Blaster Rifle x2
Lando w/ Blaster Pistol x2

Weapons (4)
Obi's Lightsaber x2
Anakin's Lightsaber x2

Starships (3)
Millennium Falcon x2
Gold Leader in Gold 1

Droids (2)
Artoo
R-3P0

Vehicles (2)
SoroSuub V-35 Landspeeder

Interrupts (20)
Sense x5
Alter x3
The Signal x2
Grimtaash x2
Someone Who Loves You x2
Nabrun Leids x2
Smokescreen x3
Quite A Mercenary

Effects (6)
Goo Nee Tay
A Gift
Tatooine Celebration
Traffic Control
Ultimatum
Mantellian Savrip

'

Strategy: '

For those of you who have seen my other LS decks, this may look familiar. Get Luke or Ben out and stop your opponent's tricks with the Sense/Alter package. This is objective can be flipped easily and KEPT flipped, IF DONE RIGHT. Here is how to do it. Have Ben and/or Luke out(with immunity the new Luke should be able to hang on his own), and wait till you have a Falcon, Leia, and Somebody Who Loves You. Tatooine the planet should be out by now. Deploy Leia at the Aud. Chamber, and play SWLY. Use the S/A to make sure it flies. As soon as it does, the objective flips. You can now deploy the Falcon at TatJabba's Palace. Then simply move Han and Leia to the Falcon, and take off and let them defend your Celebration that you can now deploy at Tatooine. Han should NEVER leave the table now, not with 3 destiny. (Of course, you can use Premiere Han to get back ten force, but I prefer having Capt. Han immediately available to wreak havoc in space. The second Han is in here 'cause there is the slight possiblility you could lose the first, but it's a slim one). Therefore your objective should never flip back. The beauty of this deck is that you have a Celebration/LS Occupation(thanks to the Objective's text) going, and this will prove to be quite a card swing once you have it going. Get a Chewie and Lando and two seperate exterior sites(let Luke hang out at the Aud. Chamber or Cantina) and have Ben ready with the Lar's family speeder to react to whichever of Han's two pals your opponent goes for. Depending on the situation you may want to keep them Lando and Chewie together, but if they are playing Operatives for example they will probably be only able to attack one of them at a time. After the battle, lose 'em and bring right back with Ben. Be sure to save force for Ben to react with the speeder. I normally start with Goo Nee Tay to slow the opponent down, and if they are playing the new DS EJP Objective, yours gives them an immediate flip, therefore subjecting them to GNT. Of course, they can put two aliens at the AC off the bat, but you can handle 'em, right? Please realize that this deck is 'customized' for my particular area, namely Texas. Your area may require tweaking, i.e., TPTIFF if Ops. are big in your turf. If no one plays SAC, throw in more characters Savrip is in there so you can keep the characters you have out on the table, and helps immensely if they try to gang up on you somewhere.

Response to Ob1-Butler's review.
Obi's Hut is in there just for the convience of deploying Obi -3. Also, one 2/0 site doesn't hurt, it's bad enough you're giving up 2 force starting off. Throw in a monk or two.

Response to Curse's review.
Power on the ground probably could be upped a bit, a few more characters could replace some of the Sense/Alter if SAC isn't big in your area, unlike mine. As for power in space, Falcon/Leia/Han power 7 three destiny. What else do you need?? And even if they have There is No Try out, that certainly doesn't make the Sense/Alters "a bunch of useless cards" you can still afford to Sense/Alter critical stuff. You're retrieving in this deck, so you can take the hit. As for getting hit hard in space, that's what Savrip is for.

Stuart Jones, you can kiss my ass for your piece of sh*t review. You're saying people don't think in Texas? I hope you get molested by a kangaroo you frickin' koala-beater. A Bad Feeling will hurt? Read the flip side of the card My rebels will cost a lot to deploy?? Gee, Master Luke, FREE. Wow. That's expensive. Lessee, throw Luke down, Alter BFHI, throw Ben down at the Hut(if I get it) for two. And if I knew I was playing against engineers I'd throw in some Clash of Sabers for a quick ass-whupping against those two aliens the objective gives you.	  '