---
author: Douglas "Douglas" Harvilla
title: 'Mind Your Destiny, Save You It Can'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-01-11
description: '	This is a revised version of a deck which got me into the final rounds at the local Regional and Open.  Deploy the Dagobah sites for force generation, then use the battle destiny adders and high average to outfight the Dark Side.  Mind your destin'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective:
Mind What You Have Learned/
Save You It Can

Locations(7):
Dagobah
Dagobah: Yoda's Hut
Dagobah: Jungle
Dagobah: Swamp
Dagobah: Bog Clearing
Cloud City: Lower Corridor
Cloud City: Downtown Plaza

Characters(18):
Yoda
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber x3
Luke With Lightsaber x3
Leia With Blaster Rifle x2
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol x2
Chewbacca
Tawss Khaa
Orrimaarko
Commander Vanden Willard
Jeroen Webb
Wedge Antilles
H'nemthe

Starships(5):
Red Leader In Red 1
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Lando In Millennium Falcon
Tantive IV
Spiral

Device(1):
Landing Claw

Effects(10):
Draw Their Fire
Frozen Assets x2
Battle Plan
Scrambled Transmission
Goo Nee Tay
Traffic Control
Yoda's Hope
Obi-Wan's Apparition x2

Interrupts(18):
The Signal x4
Shocking Information x2
Nabrun Leids x2
Weapon Levitation
Skywalkers
I Know
Don't Get Cocky
Gift Of The Mentor
Quite A Mercenary
Houjix
Sorry About The Mess
Glancing Blow
Star Destroyer!


Strategy: 

  First off, responses to comments in the reviews.  I don't use Transmission Terminated because I prefer flexible cards, such as spies to invade the Executor or powerful destiny 5 interrupts for battling.  And Apparition has crippled many opponents, even in big qualifier tournaments.  Plus it is a destiny 6 card.
  If the opponent starts with Hunt Down, deploy Goo Nee Tay as the starting effect.  Otherwise, go with Scrambled Transmission.
  Activate and search for a Shocking Information or deploy a Dagobah site from the Reserve Deck, looking to see which cards are still in the deck.  Whatever is missing is in the Force Pile.
  If the opponent is generating a lot more force than you, it may be worth getting Obi-Wan's Apparition running.  See if both copies are in the deck.	If not, draw the cards you activated and you'll get it.  If so, then you might play The Signal to go get it.  If it seems like too much trouble, drop it.  At least those high destiny cards will keep circulating.
  Deploy Yoda and his Hut from the Reserve Deck, followed by Yoda's Hope.  This lets you get Weapon Levitation, a very useful card indeed.  Get the rest of the Dagobah sites out and you should be pretty even on force generation with your opponent by the time the battles begin.	Or out-generating him/her if Obi's Apparition is out.
  Invade the opponent's locations or drain at the Cloud City sites.  In space, the capital ships can load up with mains to go beat up on the Imperial fleet.  Especially with some destiny adders.
  There are 17 cards in this deck with a destiny number of 5 or greater.  This becomes a pretty big chunk of the deck once you deploy Yoda and the Dagobah sites from the deck and put some cards back with Traffic Control.
  By mid-late game, when you are able to do some destiny tracking, things get uglier.  Especially with Frozen Assets and Draw Their Fire.
  The spies make getting rid of Visage simple, and are very distracting to the opponent when they invade the Executor.	They also let you smash the character put out by the opponent to stop Apparition or lock down Endor at the Bunker.
  Frozen Assets and H'nemthe are really nifty late in the game, when your opponent is having trouble getting Vader back on the table.
  A very fun deck, and I hope you'll give it a try.  Getting 35 attrition against someone is really entertaining.  So is the look on someone's face when Vader loses a battle to Orrimaarko.	  