---
layout: post
author: ! Zell "Krogoth" Davidson
title: ! "Ralltiir Isnt Just For The Dark Side...."
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-05-07
description: ! 'A speeder deck that can take on anything in the meta...'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Local Uprising/Liberation
Ralltiir
Farm
The Signal
Yarna Dal Gargan

Loactions
Forest
Swamp
Jungle
Spaceport Docking Bay
Spaceport Street
Kessel

Vehicles
5x Rebel Snowspeeder
5x Snowspeeder
5x Sandspeeder

Charecters
ASP707 x2
Ralltiir Operative x8
Farmboy (Premiere) Luke x2
Incom Engenieer x2
Ithorian x2
Harc Seff
Zev Senseca

Starships
Spiral
Tantive IV
Red Leader In Red One
Gold Leader In Gold One

Interupts
Lost In The Wilderness
Signal x2
Wind Chimes
TT x2
Ghhk x2
T-47 Battle Formation

Effects
Manuevering Flaps x2
Mechanical Failure
Insurrection
I Hope She's All Right '

Strategy: '

Why Ralltiir? The power available in this deck can easily stand up to the dark side Ralltiir decks and has the same drain potential as any other operitive planet. Now on to why I have (and in some reason havnt) incuded some specific cards...

Zev- Makes the flaps immune to alter.

Farmboy- I have him insteadt of EPP for a few reasons. Cheaper deploy, activates on every turn, immune to attrition, and can screw Hunt Down (hide him in a speeder).

Ithorians-Adds one to drains and activation.

Incom Engnieer- Adds two to battle destiny and speeders are immune to attrition less than 3.

Clash- I did not include this because I have no sabers and even when they have POTF you will still win the drain race.

T-47 Battle Formation- I dont have more of these because I dont need them, just one is deadly and there are huge drains available wihtout them.

Landing Claw- Everyone has something to counter this.

This is probably one of the fastest deck out there. The speeder deploy dirt cheap and the people do too. Flip quickly and oppenent drains are -1. Get the flaps out and start deploying your speeders, if they come to the planey you can kill 'em easily. If they dont, you will have HUGE drains. The drain potential in here is astronomical, the adders (although some are not technacly 'drain adders') are Ithorians, ops, and t-47 battle formation.

Vs rallops- Battle them with flaps out, beatdown, drain when possible. Use harc seff to stop thier drains (if somehow they manage to drain).

Vs HD - Cancel visage. Have luke in a speeder (he cant be epic dueled then) and there objective wont flip. Drain and battle if they come down.

Vs Court- Drain, Drain, Drian.

Vs ISB- Use lost in the wilderness on 5D6 with a tracted destiny. Play I Hope Shes Alright. Drain.

Vs Big Blue- Mech Faliure will hurt 'em. Battle, drain.

Note to everyone Battle Plan will not hurt me that much, most that play it have thier own system available plus I have ralltiir and kessel with the starships to hold 'em. This really is not a problem at all.



UPDATE Take out one Incom and add Wise Advise.  '