---
layout: post
author: ! Andy "santaandy" Gegg
title: ! "Endor Ops"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-12-30
description: ! "An Endor Ops deck.  I appreciate any constructive comments, and would appreciate your help.  I am using this for a tourney Jan 5th."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (6)

Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost 1
Endor 1
Endor Bunker 1
Endor Landing Platform 1
Prepared Defenses 1
You Cannot Hide Forever

The other 2 Effects will
depend upon the deck you face.

Locations (6)

Sullust 1
Kessel 1
Kashyyyk 1
Endor Dark Forest 1
Endor Back Door 1
Endor Forest Clearing 1

Characters (19)

M’iiyoom Onith 1
Darth Vader With Lightsaber 1
Trooper Davin Felth 1
Admiral Ozzel 1
Captain Needa 1
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle 1
IG-88 With Riot Gun 1
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand 1
Colonel Dyer 1
Commander Igar 1
Sergeant Wallen 1
Lieutenant Arnet 1
AT-ST Pilot 2
Admiral Chiraneau 1
Commander Merrejk 1
Lord Vader 1
Captain Godherdt 1
Emperor Palpatine 1

Weapons (1)

Mara Jade’s Lightsaber 1

Starships (6)

Accuser 1
Thunderflare 1
Avenger 1
Boba Fett In Slave I 1
Dengar In Punishing One 1
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 1

Vehicle (5)

Blizzard Scout 1 1
Tempest 1 1
Tempest Scout 3 1
Tempest Scout 5 1
Tempest Scout 6 1

Interrupt (5)

Dark Jedi Presence 1
Imperial Barrier 1
Trample 2
Point Man 1

Effect (12)

There’ll Be Hell To Pay 1
Expand The Empire 1
Bad Feeling Have I 1
There Is No Try 1
First Strike 1
Oppressive Enforcement 1
Establish Secret Base 1
Ominous Rumors 1
Perimeter Patrol 1
Security Precautions 1
Battle Order 1
Overseeing It Personally 1 '

Strategy: '

Really, you don’t need to flip, since this deck should have just about everything it needs.  SAC, a grabber (since using Sense/Alter isn’t really primo, esp. with No Try and OE), good space and ground support.  I didn’t throw in Janus and Sim Aloo since there wasn’t enough room, and they wouldn’t have made it much better.  DJP works with Emperor and Vader, so it stayed.  You should be able to hold Endor nicely, while you roam about the galazy draining merrily away.  Needa should go in the Avenger, and stay at Endor, since he is immune to attrition<4.  Merrejek pulls your planets, so a good place for him would be Sullust on the Accuser.	Chiraneau gives a drain bonus, so he should go in the Thunderflare for protection.  Put him at Kessel, so the opponent needs Ability>6 to draw.  The other starships should go where they are needed.  I may do good with a Dreadnaught and The Emperor’s Shield, or another SD.  I don’t know where to put these, so if you have any ideas, let me know.	The fetch effect from DS2 will help you get what you need sooner, such as Overseeing it Personally when Master E hits the table.  Usually when he does, he will be adequately protected too.  Put IG88 and 4LOM on Zuckuss’s ride, and presto, MiniFalcon for the Dark Side  The rest just goes naturally, so I won’t explain unless you need me too.  Also, since Trample works on ATSTs too, I skipped the Speeder bikes.

vs. Luke Speeders

Since Luke is on Endor, throw a Vader at him, and then Take over the Endor sites needed to put out Ominous Rumors.  Then just drain in space.  Usually, TIGIH space support is nothing to worry about.	Start Perimiter Patrol and No Try, and watch out for tricks and beatdown.

vs. Profit

Stay on Endor, take it over, then go to space.	Watch out for the fake, they may have a lot of space.  Just try to stay focused, so you can react quickly and effectively.

vs. QMC

Not really tough, Just kick them off the Bespin system with BH starfighters, and then move in a SD for the Drain.

vs. JPSD

I don’t have enough experience with this deck to write a fair review, so if someone sends me a good one, I’ll post it here, with props.

vs. MWYHL

Just go about your business.  It may be a good idea to send a SD to Dagobah, and maybe shuttle Vader and Mara or Mater E down for a Texas-style bating.

vs. EBO

This one will be tough.  Don’t worry about Hoth, just try to keep space going.  If you know wou will see this deck, maybe put in a little more space support.

vs. HB

Same deal as EBO.  Security Precautions should be out ASAP.  Try to focus on Endor and Kessel, since they will have problems with ability for Battle destiny, and so on.

Well, that’s about it.  Email me at andy@jcn1.com for more.  Thanks '