---
layout: post
author: Daniel "Corp. Drazin" Nelson
title: 'The CCT Defender'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-16
description: 'This deck uses the CCT advantage of an 8 force 'head start' to destroy the opponents chances of winning.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

*Locations:
1x Cloud City: Carbonite Chamber
1x Cloud City: Security Tower
1x Cloud City: Port Town District
1x Cloud City: Downtown Plaza
1x Cloud City: East Platform(Docking Bay)
1x Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
1x Jabba's Palace: Dungeon
1x Tatooine: Lar's Moisture Farm
1x Tatooine: Cantina
1x Tatooine: Docking Bay 94

*Characters:
2x Jodo Kast
2x IG-88 with Riot Gun
1x Jabba The Hutt
1x Jabba
1x Boba Fett(CC)
1x Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle
1x 4-Lom with Concussion Rifle
2x Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
1x Captain Bewil
1x Admiral Ozzel
2x Grand Moff Tarkin
2x Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
1x Dengar with Blaster Carbine
3x Ugnaught

*Weapons/Devices:
1x Vader's Lightsaber
1x Mara Jade's Lightsaber
1x Zuckuss's Snare Rifle
1x Dengar's Modified Riot Gun
1x Carbonite Chamber Console

*Effects:
1x Ability, Ability, Ability
1x We're The Bait
1x Battle Plan
1x Bad Feeling Have I
1x Security Precautions
1x Carbon-Freezing
1x Crush The Rebellion

*Interrupts:
2x Twi'lek Advisor
1x Any Methods Necasary
1x Prepare The Chamber
2x Evader
1x Hutt Smooch
1x Jabba's Through With You

*Starships:
1x Executor
2x Death Squadron Star Destroyer
3x Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
1x Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
1x Bossk in Hound's Tooth

*Objective:
1x Carbon Chamber Testing/My Favorite Decoration


Strategy: 

Oops, Zuxkuss's gun is ment to be Feltipern's gun. sorry for any confusion.

The defualt 'starter' is: CCT, Carbon Chamber, Sec. Tower, Console, ANM, Dengar with gun, Dengar's gun, and the Dungeon. Deploy Dungeon and Audience Chamber on the second turn, giving you a superior activation(at least most of the time) of 7. Now, for the defender part:

VS. Hidden Base: Start Sec Precautions and find their base using your 8 high powered ships.

VS. Ops: Start Battle Plan and use your starships to stall their force drains, maybe using Dengar with gun, Jodo with Snare Rifle, and IG-88 to pick off some of their Operatives.

VS. Mind...: I love this. Use ability3 to make them deploy their maines. Then capture them with Dengar's Gun(or Zuckuss's or IG-88s), and use We're the Bait. Stops Jedi Testing and opponents chances of winning.

VS. Profit: Start with Mara and Jodo, try to get Zukuss's gun on him quick. If they try to use Boussh with Someone Who Loves You, Hutt Smooch Boussh and keep her from seeing Han. If you see Order To Engage, get out of there but make it so they have to keep Lea and Han and Audience Chamber

VS. Throne Room: I love this too. They think they can stop me from activating. I'll show them. They can't deploy their Nudj to my locations. And with starting Crush, I play Evaders on their Revolutions, and bye-bye. I will still be activating plenty(6 on the second turn), and with the 'head-start' of 8 force, I should win handily.

VS. Harvest Choke: Very interesting, but again, not hard to destroy. Capture the Lars familiy, and you're home free.

VS. Endor-Deactivate The Shield Generator: Don't let them blow up Bunker. Get Dengar and Jodo with their guns to Bunker, capture General Solo and his commando gang.

VS. Endor-Ewoks- capture their Ithorians, and then the Ewoks. They have pretty much no way of stopping my force drains, so I should win again.

VS. Tatooine Beatdown(I've actually seen this): Again, go in and capture there dudes. You are gonna be on Tatooine anyway, why not just battle em'.

VS. Blow Up The Death Star(running out of decks): What can  I say, DON'T LET THEM BLOW UP DEATH STAR!!! But if they do, no biggy Use Battle Order to stop their force drains, and force-drain them on the ground to your hearts desire.

VS. Quiet Mining Colony: Go in to Bespin, use Battle Order, capture their guys, the normal stuff.

VS. Cloud City Beatdown with Pucimiir Thryys: Go in and capture Pukey, and force drain them to death.

Remember that the Ability3/We're The Bait combo can be used against every deck. I like capturing weapons because, let's say you capture Luke, but they have another one to deploy. Doesn't matter. I also find that the good capturing combos(i.e. Dengar with Riot Gun) have an easier chance of capturing their mains than you do to 'hit' them using normal weapons. Hope I have a nice deck here, and that you like it.  