---
layout: post
author: ! Jason "jade" Foss
title: ! 'Hidden Mains v2 Please Review'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-18
description: ! 'Mains deck that gets cloud city celebration working and just retreives tons of force.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Hidden Base
Sullust
Rendevous Point
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Insurection
Strike Planing
Squadron Assingments

Locations
Endor
Dagobah
Bespin
Home One Docking Bay
Yodas Hut
Echo Docking Bay
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Cloud City Lower Corridor
Cloud City Docking Bay

Starships
Gold Squadron 1
Tala 1
Tala 2
Spiral
Tanteive


Characters
Obi Wan Kenobie
EPP Obi[2]
Son Of Skywalker
EPP Luke[2]
EPP Leia
EPP Han
General Calrisian
General Crix Madine
Orrimarco
Lietenant Blount
Colonel Cracken
Sergent Junkin
Majjor Panno
Dresilian Commando[4]

Interupts
On The Edge
Off The Edge[2]
Bith Shuffle[2]
Out Of Commision[2]
The Singnal[2]
It Could Be Worse
Glansing Blow
Alter[2]
Sense[5]

Effects
Cloud City Celebration[2]
Close Air Support[2]

Whepons[2]
Obis Stick
Lukes Stick '

Strategy: '

PLEASE REVIEW

This Is a Variation Of a deck that i played Saturday that did very well. First Off I Know the deck has 64 cards in it but I cant figure out what the hell to take out. So please tell me what to take out.
First Turn Before activating pull General Calrisian and general Madine activate pull home one docking bay dagobah and yodas hut. Deploy Madine to the Home one docking bay. Second turn you activate at least 8 Pull Endor remember opponet does not get force there unless they are playing endor ops. Also get the echo docking bay. Deploy General Calrisian on Gold Squadron one to endor for 3 force.Third turn you activate atleast 11 you should start getting things set up at Bespin by pulling the system and the docking bay. Use Madine to get either blount or Cracken and use Squadron Assingnments to put them on there ships at bespin move gold squadron 1 to bespin from here just load up cloud city and Bespin.
  Use The singnal to get cloud city celebration and close air support running. With close air support out you get 3 destinys one to power where you have a scout witch is why i play the dresilian  commandos. You may replace them with other scouts but i like them. And with Cloud City celebration running i retreive at least 2 a turn and the force drains can get as high as 7 or 8 a turn when it is all working good and that is all i need when i retrive 2+ a turn with off the edge on the edge.I included the epp ben and the epp luke cause when the opponet is attacking you having whepons is very good but I also included the none epp versions so  lightsabers can add to drains during a drain race.
  The deck does have very big problems against Heavy space decks but if you can keep control of bespin you can win.

Matchups

Vs Hunt Down
Do your regulor stuff if he comes down to duel make sure you have senses or a glancing blow. If you do lose a duel its not the end cause you can still retreive tons of cards and chances are if he is devoted to dueling he does not have very many characters or starships if possible use eiter blount or cracken to cancel visage.You should win.

Vs BHBM
There will be lots of battlin just use close air support to its fullest and beat him off of cloud city and get your retreiving going.If he plays with lots of starships you might be in trouble. But if not you should win.

Vs Court
Dont Go to tatooin unless you have to dont worry about losing 1 card your retreiving will more then make that up. If he starts putting his bounty hunting ships at bespin to cancel celebration make sure he does not have the characters on the table already i see that so many times. Just hold on to bespin and you should win.

Vs Anything Mains
Just use Close air supporrt to beat them off cloud city. And get your retreival working. You should win but just try to hold on to the system cause it is key.

The Key to this deck is holding bespin so i would like to put more ships in but i just cant find the room. Help is Greatly Appreciated.  '