---
layout: post
author: Chris "Wedge231" Wodicka
title: 'Speeders in the Court! Speeder Beatdown!'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-07
description: 'Uses new JPOTSD objective to lay the smackdown on your opponent.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective: Agents in The Court/No Love for the Empire

Locations (7)
JP: Audience Chamber (S)
Tatooine: Hutt Trade Route (S)
Hoth: Echo Docking Bay
Tatooine: Docking Bay
Home One: Docking Bay
Tatooine: Jundland Wastes
JP: Entrance Cavern

Characters (8)
Luke with Lightsaber
Boussh
TK-422
ASP-707 Droid x2
Bantha Droid
Tanus Spijek
Yoxgit

Starships (2)
Y-wing x2

Vehicles (18)
Rebel Snowspeeder x7
Snowspeeder x5
Sandspeeder x6

Interrupts (6)
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Transmission Terminated
The Signal x3
You Will Take Me To Jabba Now

Effects (16)
Mechanical Failure
Incom Corporation x2
I Feel the Conflict
Maneuvering Flaps x2
Yarna Dal Gal (S)
Insurrection (S)
What&#8217;re You Trying To Push On Us?
Wise Advice (S)
Staging Areas (S)
Order to Engage
Draw Their Fire x2
Do or Do Not
Frozen Assets

Devices (2):
Landing Claw x2 

Strategy: 

-----------------------Update-----------------------

I learn that Y-wings are bad. Take those out for other stuff.

In response to DS-61-4, I want to add X-wing but don’t really have the room. I guess the claws, Yoxgit, and Y-wings could go out but that is only 5, someone tell me what else to take out.

Aim high is in here, take out Bantha Droid.

---------------------------------------------------------

READ THE STRATEGY!

Okay, first version of my speeder deck. You start the new objective and use Tanus as your rep. They will think you are going for Eloms but you’re really not. You pull docking bays and get a beatdown set-up. Boussh can block drains and the Y-wings with claws can do it in space. Yoxgit keeps your claws from geing cancelled as you just retrieve it back. Once you beat them down for a bit, you want to try and drain. With cards you can pull you have a drain of 2 plus if you can get Jundland Wastes or Entrance Cavern. I have EPP Luke for anti-BHBM. Y-wings are there because of good destiny and cheap deploy. For a cool game ender, if they are at a 1/0 docking bay drop Tanus or Boussh and lay the smackdown on whoever is there. Here are some matchups:

BHBM: Might be tricky. Give them EPP Luke to make them lose force. You will have to try and beat them down on the ground and try to get some drains in. If he is using a manipulator, he really can’t do much with only Tanus and Yoxgit vulnerable. In space claw him if he plays any capitals. Try to make him stack cards for Conflict. If youp play smart he will run out of force just by the nature of their deck.

Endor Ops: Definately tough. Again use claws in space and Yoxgit to keep them there. Just try and drop lots of speeders down and with Order to Engage will hurt him. If he has Perimeter Patrol out, transit your guys there possibly.

SYCFA Big Blue: Use claws on his ships. Save up for a big beatdown if he wants to come to the ground make him lose force for it. You will have to spread and drain on the ground if he stays in space.

SYCFA TIE’s: Use Aim High to slow his retrieval. Spread and drain on the ground. This game will be very tough. If he deploys Dreadnaughts, claw them. I think you will probably lose to this deck.

Hunt Down: Use Transmission Terminated on Visage. Try to spread and drain. Claw him if he goes to space. Beat his guys down everywhere and if he goes inside use Boussh. I think should be easy, depends on the matchup.

CCT: Okay, give them Luke I guess. They should forget about flipping with anyone other than IG-88. Should be pretty easy if anyone actually plays this.

Dark Deal: Don’t let them flip. Go to there sites and beat them off. Drain at their sites. Mechanical Failure should work here.

Tatooine Occupation: Beat them off Tatooine and put Boussh at Cantina/Audience Chamber. Play smart and claw anything that is available. Should have Executor so you wil get the opportunity.

Court with flip: Shouldn’t be hard. Just stay out of the audience chamber and drain them everywhere else. If they goto space, claw Bossk in Bus.

Court without flip: Might be little harder. Duke it out on Tatooine. Boussh goes into Audience Chmaber or Cantina whichever is doing more damage. Aim High should slow S&V decks.

Rops: Should be dead and I figure I don’t need to pack the counter, other people will so Rops is too risky.

ISB: Hmm, if it’s space claw them and keep Yoxgit slowing his drains. Hmmm, this is gonna be tough, figure this isn’t as big anymore. If they come to ground beat them with speeders.

Anything else: Deploy speeders and beat them off everysite and drain. Claw in space.

I know I have alot of weaknesses but I figure it is worth a try. Comments and suggestions are welcome.

--- Wedge231
http://tosche.swccgnews.com   