---
layout: post
author: ! Gabriel "The Diplomat" Alonso
title: ! "Hunt Down with Focus on Dueling V 1"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-06
description: ! "This deck has amazing destinies and usually wins by dueling or by battling and clearing sites. Has been played at two Grand Slams this year with a record of 5 wins 1 loss."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (6)
Executor Meditation Chamber
Executor Holotheatre
Imperial Holotable
Kashyyyk
Kiffex
Endor

Characters (7)
Mara Jade, The Emperors Hand x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x2
Darth Vader x2
IG-88 with Riot Gun

Weapons (3)
Vaders lightsaber x2
Mara Jades Lightsaber

Starships (5)
IG-88 in IG 2000
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Executor
Boba Fett in Slave1
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts (27)
Dark Strike
I Have You Now
Sniper
Holonet Transmission x2
Elis Helrot x2
Vaders Obsession x2
Masterful Move x2
The Circle is now Complete x2
Twilek Advisor x2
You are Beaten x2
Torture x3
Focused Attack
Imperial Barrier
Evader
Counter Assault x3

Effects (11)
Reactor Terminal x2
Secret Plans
Presence of the Force x2
Visage of the Emperor x3
Battle Order
Image of the Dark Lord
Crush the Rebellion

Epic Event (1)
Epic Duel

Objective
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of the Universe '

Strategy: '

This is the deck I played at the Florida Grand Slam. I got this deck from World Finalist Steve Lewis from Tennessee. Steve is one of the best players and deck builders in the world. Anyway, it is a focused dueling deck inspired by Jason Markleys Hunt Down deck from last year at Wizard Con. The destiny draws in this deck are really high. You can duel or battle and swing at characters with high ability with confidence. This type of deck is definitely a metagame type of deck. It works best if you are expecting a lot of people to play decks focused on mains or ground battles. This deck can hang a bit in space but not really. A focused space deck with tricks is advantaged against this deck.

Heres how it matches up against the light decks in the current environment

Profit Deck This deck is advantaged against profit. I would probably Twilek for Crush the Rebellion to prevent Clash of Sabers and get an I Have You Now if you need to. Deploy Vader to Tatooine, set up a drain and wait for the mains. Be wary when battling for tricks like fallen portal. When they deploy Ben or Luke duel them out of the game. If they choose not to deploy, you have Elis Helrot to jump on them being wary of Quite a Mercenary. If you feel your opponent might be playing with duel protection cards, just battle them and attrition them away with your saber and high destiny draw or wait for your focused attack and set up your draws with reactor terminal. If they stack on you use Dark Strike to get a sure hit or to break up nasty combos like Ben and any rebel, or EPP combos. Late game you can finish them off with some drains in space or to get around battle order.

Mains and Toys This deck is advantaged against mains and toys.  I would start Crush the Rebellion here.  Go get an evader immediately. This category includes the Throne Room start with Careful Planning for the swamp and farm for force acceleration. It also includes The Obis hut start with Careful Planning for Tosche Station or the Audience Chamber. Other mains and toys include the harvest or Tatooine Celebration variants. If they are playing a force acceleration type of deck, be aware you can use Image of the Dark Lord to reduce the activation and force them to deploy characters. Use Holonet Transmission to cancel Transmission Terminated and make them suffer to Visage. Use Presence of the Force to invade Yavin if they dont put down a battleground site elsewhere, kill the pathetic nudjs and set up a drain. If your opponent is running Tosche Station, they are in trouble. Deploy to the station to keep him from activating and then pressure him at the Hut. You have ships to go to space if you need to. If they are playing Tatooine celebration, park your fleet at the system and dont let them control it. Be especially wary for dueling cards in these decks.

Quiet Mining Colony This deck is advantaged against QMC. Use a similar strategy to profit. Go to Cloud City set up a good drain. Make him lose force to Visage. Harass your opponents ships at Bespin and Cloud City with yours. If they come down with mains, duel and battle and clear the site. Beware of troopers and trooper assault. Use DLOTS to choke before you get to destiny. Reinforce Vader with Mara. Let them set up drain and use your Counter Assaults.

Mind What You have Learned This deck could be disadvantaged depending upon what kind of deck it is. If they are just using MWHYL for Yoda and his 2 to attrition; to protect their interrupts and effects; and are running mains, then you are advantaged. If they are running tricks or combos and setting up destiny draws, you are disadvantaged.
Be very careful against this type of deck. Your opponent will isolate Vader and drop an Uncontrollable Fury on him. You have two You are Beaten to deal with this. Be wary going to space as some of these decks send up Super Falcons and set up high destinies. If they come to the ground with mains and they are not setting up destinies, come down and battle them and clear the site. This match up requires finesse and anticipation on your part. You have to try and identify as quickly as possible what kind of strategy your opponent is trying to use and either counter it or stay away.

Operatives This deck is disadvantaged against Ops. Twilek for Battle Order. Against Mains and ops you can try and set up some drains and use Presence of the force to get around the 1 from the objective. Dont let him control a system and make him pay to drain. If you can get your hands on Luke or Obi put them out of the game for some damage and set up Counter Assaults. Against Speeder Ops, do not come down to an exterior site with Vader or Mara. You will get drilled. Set up drains in space and make him pay to drain. Protect Visage. Both these games are tough matchups.

Note If you have a lot of space and Hidden base in our area you may want to substitute in a Security Precautions and an Its Worse. In its current form above the deck is not geared versus space.

Hidden Base Mains and Mofos. This is an even match up. Mains and Mofos is around 20 characters, 20 ships, very few effect and interrupts. I might Twilek for Presence of the Force to the holotheatre. Set up Vader at a battleground. Make him lose to Visage. Dont go to space until they commit some ships. When they do, dont drop ships by themselves. Make a fleet and start probing. The Holotable is a steady drain all game versus this deck. If he comes down to fight use your high destiny and Choke Vader to inflict as much attrition as possible. The Rebels will keep coming down every turn.

Hidden Base start with Mains This deck is advantaged in this matchup. Start Crush the Rebellion. Some deck use the HB for acceleration. They get Dagobah, then Yodas hut, and so on. Its basically a mains deck. Beware an EPP dogpile. Use Imperial Barrier to exclude Han or someone who adds destiny. Duel as soon as you can.

Hidden base Inserts This deck is even. You have three tortures. That should be enough. If you get unlucky you could lose. Use your ships mid to late game to probe if he flips then try and block his drains. Set up Vader at the Holotheatre with Presence of the Force. Protect Visage with Holonet Transmission. Drain at the Holotable with Image of the Dark Lord.

Hidden base Xwing Swarm This deck is disadvantaged against X Wing Swarm. If you go up to space you will get drilled. He can cancel your two drains. Use Battle Order to slow him down. Set up a fleet and set up your destinies and pray.

Hidden Base Our Most Desperate Hour This deck is disadvantaged against OMDH. This deck is chock full of tech. i would start battle Order. You need to hope that Visage makes him lose some key cards. Try and control the Tatooine system so he cant deploy there. Use barrier. If he is foolish and comes down duel him unless you see he is setting up destiny.

Possible Substitution cards based on your areas field and metagame include
More Dreadnaughts
Security Precautions and Its Worse
Come Here You big Coward
Lateral Damage
Coruscant and Death Star and A Bright Center to the Universe
Crossfire
Monnoks

Gabriel 'The Diplomat' Alonso
'