---
layout: post
author: Eric "YOYOY" Bailey
title: 'There Is Good In Ewoks'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-01
description: ! 'Using Ewoks for massive activation, drains, and beatdowns.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (10)
There Is Good In Him/I Can Save Him
Endor Chief Chirpa's Hut
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Luke's Lightsaber
Endor Landing Platform
I Feel The Conflict
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Staging Areas
Strike Planning
Your Insight Serves You Well

Locations (5)
Endor Back Door
Endor Ewok Village
Endor Hidden Forest Trail
Endor Dense Forest
Endor Rebel Landing Site

Characters (31)
Ewok Sentry x9
Ithorian x3
Kazak
Graak
Romba
Logray
Wuta
Lumat
Teebo
Rabin
Wicket
Chief Chirpa
Threepio
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk
Daughter Of Skywalker
General Crix Madine
General Solo
Orrimarko
Major Panno
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Leesub Sirln

Weapons (1)
Anakin's Lightsaber

Effects (7)
Honor Of The Jedi
Bargaining Table
Lightsaber Proficiency
Reflection
Traffic Control
Ultimatum
Yarna d'al' Gargan

Interrupts (6)
Houjix
The Signal
Endor Celebration
Ewok Rescue
Nar Shadaa Wind Chimes
Yoda Stew'

Strategy: '

PLEASE READ STRATEGY BEFORE REVIEWING

Strategy

     This deck does not need to flip to win. You'll be activating tons of Force and draining for tons more. You'll also have some decent retrieval, and if they ever come to Endor you can respond with a big Ewok beatdown. I know there's several cards in there that you're probably wondering about, so let me explain my choices for cards in the deck.

Staging Areas/Strike Planning/Your Insight Serves You Well
     I start with these so I get plenty of activation at the docking bay and so I can get Crix and/or Han my first turn. You can also sacrifice YISYW to get honor Of The Jedi on your first turn.

Ewok Sentries
     These guys are awesome. Deploy for only 1 and they can get pretty powerful. They can also deploy as a react, and move as a react for free A nice bonus. Just spread these guys out with some unique Ewoks and you can always react for free with a bunch of Sentries.

Ithorians
     These guys add 1 icon to each side. So you activate more and you can drain for more. Keep in mind that their text is not a modifier, so it can't be canceled with Decree or other cards.

Threepio
     Adding attrition in battles is fun, eliminating Bad Feeling Have I is fun, and forfeiting him to Used Pile is fun.

Major Panno
     Activating 4 more Force every turn is very fun. This only adds to all your added icons and Interrupts that let you get more Force.

Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
     His power is nice, and a built-in stick helps with card economy. He provides a nice backup to the Ewoks. Or as a point man for those beatdowns.

Leesaub Sirln
     Nobody uses her, yet she's so cool. First thing is that destiny of 4. Always nice. Then her text.

Once each turn during your control phase, may use 1 Force to guess a card type and point to a card in opponent's hand. Card must be shown. If guessed correctly, card is lost.

This can be deadly. I've used her to get rid of Dark Deal, Cloud City Occupation, and Mara Jade... in the same game Making the opponent lose an extra Force every turn is always cool. Not to mention getting rid of that one key card in their hand. Even if you're wrong, you still get to look at the card.

Anakin's Lightsaber
     On Leia, adds 1 to drain. Draining for more should never be underestimated. Also nice in a battle.

Bargaining Table
     With Ewok Sentries and Ithorians you can cancel lots of drains per game. And even if they cancel the Effect, you can deploy those guys onto the table for free. Great Effect.

Lightsaber Proficiency
     Adding 3 to power and 1 to drain is very good. Also pretty versatile, being able to deploy on Leia, Luke, or Obi-Wan, and having a good destiny.

Reflection
     Retrieval. Plain and simple. Retrieving one per turn may not sound like much, but it adds up. 5 turns = 5 Force retrieved, 10 turns = 10 Force, etc.

Ultimatum
     Reducing opponent's drains can be crucial, especially against decks like ISB, Endor Ops, SYCFA, and TDIGWATT.

Yarna d'al' Gargan
     Protect those Sentries from Monnok. Monnok can potentially be a nightmare without Yarna.

The Signal
     Get Effects out as quick as you can. Reflection, Traffic Control, Ultimatum, and Yarna are better the earlier you get them out.

Endor Celebration
     Activation is key to this deck, and this card delivers that in a big way. A Used Interrupt that lets you activate a bunch of Force during your activate phase and even has a high destiny. Sounds good to me.

Ewok Rescue
     This card's second function comes in handy. Moving 3 Ewoks as a react for free can be a lifesaver.

Nar Shadaa Wind Chimes
     Both functions are really good. The first one lets you get out Ithorians faster so you can activate and drain for more. Or get Sentries later in the game. The second part should be used when there's at least 6 Sentries on the table. Then feel free to retrieve. Or if you're lucky you might be able to retrieve 9 Force.

Yoda Stew
     Provides even more Force. And during the opponent's turn too. Can also get cards back into your Life Force if the opponent cancels Traffic Control. Not to mention the fact that it's a Used Interrupt with decent destiny.

Assuming your opponent gives you 2 Force, on your first turn get Crix. Deploy Crix to the docking bay. Use Crix to get Chewie. Use Chewie to deploy Wuta for free. Move Luke to docking bay. On the following turns use Wuta to get sites and control those sites with Ewoks. Get Kazak and some Ithorians out for major drains. Get Romba and Major Panno out for major activation. Use Yoda Stew, Endor Celebration, MAjoe Panno, and Daughter Of Skywalker for even more activation. Use Anakin's Lightsaber and Lightsaber Proficiency for even more drains. The deck is better if you stay on Endor because those Ewoks are no good anywhere else. If you're brave you could try invading their territory with General Han and Orrimarko. But I would suggest staying on Endor, draining for a whole lot, and canceling their drains with the Table. Also use Ultimatum to reduce their drains. You may've noticed the lack of starships. Well, I figured I didn't need them. I think it's best for this deck just to concentrate on the ground. Battle Order isn't a problem with all the Force you're activating. The Objective is there just so I start with lots of activation while only giving the opponent one icon, and so I can start draining with Luke right away. He can just get captured, yeah, but I don't really need Luke to win. Just use the huge activation to set up huge drains and the decent retrieval to pull out a victory. I use Ewoks instead of Eloms because Ewoks deploy for less, can be just as powerful, and can react, for free nonetheless. Not to mention all the Ewok support cards. And I don't need SA protection because SA doesn't hurts drains. Here's some match-ups.

Vs. Hunt Down
     Get Honor out first turn and move Luke to the docking bay, hopefully before they can flip. Protect Luke as much as you can. Keep Obi, Luke, and Leia together. Keep Ewoks at the adjacent sites. Be prepared for them to battle, and be prepared to move Sentries as a react and use Ewok Rescue.

Vs. RallOps
     Just stick to Endor and drain. The -1 to your drains shouldn't really matter, since you can Force drain for at least 4 at multiple sites. They'll be battling so remember to move those Sentries as a react for free. RallOps might be your biggest threat, but you could pull out a win.

Vs. Bring Him Before Me
     I haven't had much experience with this deck so suggestions here would be very helpful. So far I think you should let Luke get captured, considering you don't need Luke really to win. Just drain with the Ewoks and Ithorians, backing them up with the mains. One trick is to use Ewok Rescue to release Luke. It's extremely hard, but possible. Unless they use Lord Vader and his saber, then it's impossible. YISYW helps a little by lowering Vader's defense value. It's a lot easier if Vader isn't the one escorting Luke yet, thanks to your Objective allowing Luke to be captured by any Imperial. Release Luke, then move everybody away from Vader. Their Objective is flipped back to the front, and they'll have to capture Luke again. A way to waste time, possibly buying enough time to win before they turn Luke.
I realize it's a long shot, but if you used Ewok Rescue successfully it might be the key to victory.

Vs. TIEs
     I've never had a problem with TIEs. Just spread out and drain for as much as you can while retrieving. Their retrieval shouldn't matter too much if you drain fast enough. Try to start your drains before they start retrieving. You should be able to win easily.

Vs. Court
     Get Honor out and start draining. The direct damage won't exist and you should be able to out-drain them and win. An easy win, if you play smart.

TDIGWATT
     This is a drain race. Get Honor, Ultimatum, and Bargaining Table out ASAP. Drain quickly and furiously. Retrieve as much as possible. Don't go to Cloud City. You'll get slaughtered. Another tough match-up, but possible.

Endor Ops
     Don't let them get Rumors out. If they do get it out, cancel it quickly. Don't let them flip. If this deck is a problem in your area, you may want to add some defense against the AT-STs or speeder bikes. Otherwise, just try to drain. Don't battle them. If they battle you, react with all you've got.

ISB Ops
     This deck can be a bad match too, since they can get started just as fast as you can. This can also be a drain race. Ultimatum helps, as does Bargaining Table. Retrieve and drain. If they battle you, just react. Don't try too much to disrupt their deck, e.g. don't go slicing up their agents.

SYCFA
     I've encountered a couple different versions of this deck. Basically, for each of them get the Table and Ultimatum out ASAP. Drain and retrieve.

     Have you noticed that for each match-up the strategy's almost the same? This is because this deck is very non-interactive. Don't try to disrupt their strategy, just stick to draining for as much as possible. Feel free to battle on Endor, but stay on Endor. Like I said before, this deck doesn't need to flip or turn Vader to win.'