---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "Gilliatt" Raveling
title: ! "Ravelings Space"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-18
description: ! 'This is the deck I used at Worlds and is a throwback to the old decks I used to play for light side.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(5)
Rendezvous Point
Do or Do Not
Insurrection
Squadron Asignments
Heading for the Med Frigate

Locations(6)
Hoth EchoDockin Bay
Home1 Dockin Bay
Kessel
Kiffex
Yodas Hut
Coruscant

Characters(21)
Jedi Luke X 2
Boush X 2
TK-422 X 2
Momaw Nadon X 2
Wedge Antilles, Red Leader X 2
General Calrissian
Bron Quersey
Elyhek Rue
Lt. Naytan
Hobbie
Tycho Celchu
Kin Kian
Colonel Cracken
Lt. Blount
Colonel Saim
Nien Nunb

Ships(11)
Gold Squadron 1
Red Squadron 1 X 2
Tala 1
Tala 2
Gray Squadron 1
Red 8
Red Squadron 4
Red 9
Green Squadron 3
Red 7

Weapons(2)
X-wing laser Cannons X 2

Effects(9)
Honor of the Jedi X 2
Undercover X 3
Projection of a Skywalker X 3
Grappling Hook

Interrupts(4)
Rebel Barrier X 2
Tunnel Vision X 2

Admirals Orders(2)
Ill take the Leader '

Strategy: '

At first site this deck may look like a pile but before Dagobah a version of this deck could dominate the game.
Lets look at the first couple of turns.
Turn one.  You just pull a Docking Bay and set up.  Look through your deck and see what is in your force pile.	If you draw a system wait to deploy it.  Dont be in any hurry.	Just draw up and wait for the dark side to make the first move.  There are cases where the first turn is very important though.  Verses Ral Ops get a ship over to Raltir on the first turn.  Dont wait for turn two.  Versus SYCFA get a ship to the Death Star first turn.
Turn two and on.
Keep an eye on how much the dark side is activating and make sure to back up any ships by deploying every turn.  A Rebel Barrier is your best friend.  Get Undercover Spies to his sites and deploy Proj of a Skywalker.  Dark side should drain for close to zero the whole game.  Your immunity goes up to 6 when you have Ill Take the Leader out and you should lose no ships off the table while that Admirals Order is out.  If Rebel Barrier is your best friend than Wedge is your lover.  He should be a priority because he is the most powerful card in this deck.

Match Ups
Ral Ops  Vs this deck you have to go to the system first or second turn.  I once had a drain of 3 at Raltir system with Elyhek Rue and Kin Kian draining there.  When he deploys to flip his objective, barrier him and wipe him out.	You can decide the flow of the game because he wont be able to flip when he sets up the three sites.

Hunt Down  Vs this deck get out Honor when you draw it or just put down a spy and cancel Visage.  It is better to have Visage hurt the dark side until he sets up his 3 battlegrounds.  Just put down your army of Undercover guys and drain in space.  Hunt Down usually packs a nice space fleet though so you should have plenty of battling.  You might want to hold onto Coruscant till Dark side has commited elsewhere.

Tie decks  Vs any of the Tie Deck variations you should mop the floor.  Ill Take the Leader can kill them at the proper time so dont be afraid.  Go to Weekulmui on the first or second turn.	Then watch as the Dark Side has to pay 3 for their wimpy Ties.

BHBM Vs this deck you just hand Jedi Luke over to Vader and say good riddance.  Let the Dark side lose one every turn.  The dark side gets an extra destiny with Emperors Power and that can be a killer but if you get Wedge out with Ill Take the Leader than your opponent needs to draw a 6 in attrition on both destiny draws in order to get over your ships immunity.  Good luck with that.

Answers
No Hidden Base???
Hidden Base is more of a liability than an asset.  Do you want to lose 6-9 force because of that objective?  With Hidden Base you have to get your systems out and you can’t wait to deploy them until you are ready.  Your opponent knows how to play against Hidden Base.  They have seen it in a hundred variations and expect every one.

Only 3 systems???
The maximum drain of this deck is 9 at all three systems.  Yet you should block every one of your opponents drains.  Actually, you should only need one of the three systems to win.  Whatever system you deploy at will be the battleground that decides the game.  If you can defeat the Dark Side space early then you will win.  If he lingers around at your systems then you will lose.

Why 2 Momaw Nadons???
You ever heard of Bubo?  He is kinda mean to Undercover Spies.	Momaws 3 ability makes him harder to Trample as well.  Make sure to Grappling hook any Tramples by the way.

Why those crappy ships???
Each of those ships is immune to attrition and has the capability to cancel draws when with Wedge.  Some of them can add a battle destiny to power which makes them individually a power 8 ship.  If all three of them are together that is 3 destinies to power which averages out to plus 9.	Zuckuss cant cancel those destinies either.  You should win battles and the immunity to attrition means you will stay around.

What about all those cool interrupts you dont have???
If you can make a deck that avoids relying on interrupts then do it.  Interrupts can be canceled too easily and with BHBM and Hunt Down becoming more popular you should expect Sense and Alter.  Don’t add interrupts that you really dont need.

What about Search and Destroy???
Boy you ask some hard questions.  Search and Destroy is the bane of this decks existence.   That is why there are 2 Honor of the Jedi’s.  Your only defence against it is to go to ground with Jedi Luke and a couple of weak pilots.  This is dangerous but necessary.  If all else fails just eat the Search and Destroy damage.  You should be out-draining the Dark Side by the time they set up.

You win with this???
Now you are getting nasty.  Part of using this deck is that it is unexpected and that can be as big an advantage as you need to win.  If your opponent doesn’t know what is coming then you have half the battle won (Knowing is half the battle and if your opponent doesn’t know then you have half of it won, right???)

This deck is close to what I played back in New Hope days.  In one of my first tournaments up in Duluth I played a version against Michael Bergum(World Qualifier) that had matching ships with no hyperspeed.	Imagine playing matching pilots with no Squadron Asignments, ick.
I also got DQ’d at 2000 worlds because of this deck.  I wrote down Gold Squadron 1 where Grey Squadron 1 should have been.
Porkins didn’t make the final cut into this deck though.  He is missed.	'