---
layout: post
author: Blake "Zurai" Senn
title: 'Jabba's Court v.1.5'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-01-14
description: ! 'Court of the Vile gangster, with capturing and the Rancor for removal.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'
Objective
Court of the Vile Gangster

Locations
Jabba's Palace Dungeon
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine Great Pit of Carkoon
Tatooine
Tatooine Krayt Dragon Pass
Jabba's Palace Rancor Pit
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Lars' Moisture Farm

Characters
Jabba the Hutt x2
Chall Bekan
Mara Jade, The Emeperor's Hand
Kithaba
Myo
Jodo Kast
Boba Fett (CC) x2
Dengar w/ Blaster Carbine
Zuckuss
Djas Puhr
Bane Malar
Abyssin x6
IG-88 w/ Riot Gun
4-LOM w/ Concussion Rifle

Starships
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Jabba's Space Cruiser

Weapons
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Feltipern Trevagg's Stun Rifle

Creature
Rancor

Effects
Den of Thieves
Reactor Terminal
Search and Destroy
Death Mark
Oppressive Enforcement
All Wrapped Up
Secret Plans
Scum and Villainy x2
Security Precautions

Interrupts
Twi'Lek Advisor x2
None Shall Pass x3
Jabba's Through With You x2
Hutt Smooch x2
Combat Readiness x2
Oo-ta Goo-ta, Solo? x2	'

Strategy: '

Start with All Wrapped Up. If the opponent gives you a force first turn, use the Audience Chamber to grab Mara, then grab her saber from reserve. If you only have your own force to work with, go for Jabba instead. One of the keys to this deck is that if the opponent comes to Tatooine, you are almost guaranteed to get at least one captive, while if they stay away from the ground, they'll be losing 1 force to the objective and another to Search & Destroy. If your opponent uses Battle Plan, go ahead and deploy the system, and use the independant starships (esp. the Cruiser and Bus, since they don't take up any ground forces) to establish a presence in space.
Once you have a captive, stick 'em in the dungeon for 2 force and then make a trip to our little friend, the Rancor. Since ther are no Trap Doors, and since the Rancor Pit is only 1 site away from the Dungeon, walk the captive in (actually, this is really nice with Boba Fett, since he adds 5 to the captive's forfeit... more retrieval and damage when the captive is eaten). Have the rancor chomp on the captive first, then eat the escort... you'll get him back. BTW, don't walk someone in with Iggy or 4-LOM unless you're desperate, since they'll be stuck at the pit for the rest of the game.  Keep flipping the objective back and forth until the opponent's mains are all out of the picture, then calmly drain away.
The main goal of this deck is interaction, and I had 2 great games playtesting it against a heavy M&T deck... lost the first game, but got Luke and Obi the second, and fed Obi to the Rancor... that was an 18-force swing (I retrieved 9, he lost 9)... If i'd used Fett, it would've been a 28-force swing, which should clinch the game pretty solidly. If it doesn't, well, go get another captive, wash, rinse, and repeat.

Against M&T Should be a fun game, until the LS player realizes that the Rancor eats his characters for good... those 3 obi's do no good if one's removed from game. Should be lots of battles, don't forget about AWU

Against Hidden Base  If they use a launch squad, treat as Mains and Toys, except you might want to probe a few systems with ships. Otherwise, just spread and drain, letting S&D and the objective (and Death mark for Han) do their stuff the whole game.

Against Training  Load up the Bus or the Cruiser and go Jedi Hunting Do your best to capture both Yoda and the trainee, they should make excellent Rancor food.

Against Cloudstrom  Tough game... Best bet is to reinforce a couple key sites for the inevitable Main Squad. You can use the BH ships to prevent a flip if you're quick.

Against Numbers If you know for sure they play numbers from the start, Just deploy Abyssins to drain. Otherwise, once youre sure its pure numbers, start feeding low-destinies to the rancor, leaving Abyssins. I have tested this strategy out, and it works as long as the opponent doesnt bring ground forces into it (which is difficult to do with #s). The AC Visage and Search and Destroy end up doing more damage than the numbers.

NOTE please check your glossary before making any calls on whether certain things (liking feeding captives to the Rancor) may be done; Ive checked my glossary, and you can.  '