---
layout: post
author: ! Jeremy "jerome" LaMere
title: ! "Mains & Toys Court"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-07
description: ! 'A Court deck with Mains & Toys elements that doesn't focus on flipping, but can in the right situations. Also a few surprises for the Profit deck.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Court Of The Vile Gangster / I Shall Enjoy Watching You Die

Locations (7)
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace Dungeon
Jabba's Palace Rancor Pit
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Great Pit Of Carkoon
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Tatooine Mos Eisley

Characters (13)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Bane Malar
Cloud City Engineer
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Djas Puhr
Dr. Evazan
Grand Moff Tarkin
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Jabba the Hutt
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand	x 2

Creatures (2)
Bubo
Rancor

Starships (4)
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts (24)
Alter  x 3
Elis Helrot  x 2
Evader	x 2
Hutt Smooch
I Have You Now
Imperial Barrier  x 2
Masterful Move
Monnok
Sense  x 3
Shocking Revelation
Sniper
Surface Defense
Trap Door  x 2
Twi'lek Advisor  x 2
You Are Beaten

Effects (7)
Battle Order
Crush The Rebellion
Resistance
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay  x 2

Weapons (2)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber '

Strategy: '

As said in the description, I don't focus on the flip, but I can in the right situations.

Strategy vs. Major decks right now.

vs. Profit
Start Surface Defense with Secret Plans and Resistance. Give them Mara Jade and Cloud City Engineer. Use 2 of the starting force to get your Audience Chamber to the top. This allows you to get Jabba from the reserve deck on the next turn. Get Rancor Pit and Mara's Saber from the reserve deck. Get Rancor on the next turn and try to Trap Door Han to the Rancor Pit. Imperial Barrier, You Are Beaten, Hutt Smooch, and Sniper will all help as will the light SA element.

vs. Hidden Base
Start Resistance and Secret Plans. Set up Mara at the Audience Chamber. You have two Twi'leks to get Security Precautions. Damage due to the objective will help. Try to keep any mains off of Tatooine. Try to get some people into the Rancor. A tough game vs. Balanced HB with Our Most Desperate Hour. The light SA element will help as will starting with Secret Plans. Also being able to get the ships from reserve will allow you the luxury of not having to search for ships.

vs. Operatives
Start Battle Order. Set up some small drain and damage from the objective will hurt. Get Boba In Slave I to the operative planet. Beware the speeder beatdown.

vs. Jedi Test
Start Resistance and Secret Plans. Again set up whatever drain you can and damage from the objective will take its toll.

vs. Throne Room Start
Start Crush The Rebellion and make them come to you. Imperial Barrier and You Are Beaten will help hurt them small amount of characters they can throw at you.

A few tricks
Search for a Shocking Revelation each turn so you know if you need to draw. Utilize Dr. E's operation ability. With a Jabba's Palace and a Rancor Pit you should be able get the Rancor Pit out to Trap Door some people, so hopefully the Rancor can have lunch.

Looks OK on paper, but I haven't been able to playtest it yet. Wondering what your thoughts are on the SA. Should I ditch it for There Is No Try in the start and add some tricks or keep it?

Constructive comments are welcome and messages can be left in my box. '