---
layout: post
author: ! Christoffer "Thedit" Niska
title: ! "Brake Stuff"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-06
description: ! 'A SYCFA TIE Interceptor deck, fast, effective, powerful and a real opponent.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting  ( 8 )
SYCFA
Death Star
DS  DBay
Alderaan
Prepared Def
Combat Response
Mobilization Points
Oppressive Enf

Locations  ( 5 )
Wakeelmui
Kiffex
Kashyyyk
Sullust
Endor

Characters  ( 7 )
EPP Vader
Mara Jade
Sim Aloo
Baron Snootir Fel
DS-181-3
DS-181-4
U-3P0

Starships  ( 14 )
Saber 1
Saber 3
Saber 4
TIE Interceptor x8
Dreadnaught x3

Weapons  ( 6 )
Jades Saber
SFS Laster Cannon (SE) x5

Red Stuff  ( 18 )
Presence otF
First Strike
Lateral Damage
Dreaded Imp SFleet
Battle Order
Come Here U Big Coward
Sienar Fleet Sys x2
Imperial Barrier
Twilek Advisor
Short-Range Fighters x2
I Cant Shake Him x2
All Power To Weapons x4

Adms Orders  ( 2 )
Fighter Cover x2'

Strategy: '

NOTE SE on the cannons means the Special Edition set

R-E-A-D T-H-I-S B-E-F-O-R-E Y-O-U R-E-V-I-E-W 

---

Stuff to reviewers

I don't need Sword/Sheild since I haven't lost any games with it so far and it's quite tight so I decided to don't use them in this deck (THEY'RE GOOD B-U-T THEY'RE USELESS HERE). Now you know

Also what the heck? Why Hell 2 Pays? No interrupt kills this deck, you guys just don't know anything about deck building, HUH??

Cut those STUPID reviews, thanx...

---

Yo yo, here is my DS tourney deck Ive played a while. It works like this  Start SYCFA for generation and a battle ground site and chose Combat Response (must in a saber deck), Mob Points (to get Wakeelmui) and Oppressive Enf (Anti-SAC) using Prep Def.
1st turn you get Wakeelmui with Mob Points before you activate and draw so you get Sienar Fleet Sys. When you get it you just drop a interceptor with a cannon to guard it (most likely a Saber) and draw so you get one of the 4 drain systems, and simply set up a drain in space, retrive with SFS and beat him on the ground retriving your characters when deploying ties. Thats it, effective..drops any Lightside fleet (Falcon, bah big deal, its gone before the battle is over =)and is sure powerful and worth to play with.
A trick in the deck is to drop a interceptor to DS DBay to go around Battle Plan/Order (you dont take battle damage on Death Star due to SYCFA and the TIE you lose goes always to used thanx to SFS. Retrival engine and makes opponent lose 1st Strike/DTFire is on table).
Dreads are just to move your ties and he Adms Order makes it almost impossible to miss with the SFS Laser. But be sure to watch out for Grimtaashes and deploy always when you get dublicates. (Ive never lost anything to Grimtaash with this deck trough.)

The deck is currently on 8 wins and 0 loses. I decided to play it at a tourney, RopeCon and it was a success. It went 3-0 beating Profit mains and 2 MWYHL decks. You can find the tourney report on my Personal Page.

ALSO MY DECK HAS 60 cards...stupid kids who review... =(

Thats all. Test it and see how good and powerful it really is...

Chris / Thedit	  '