---
layout: post
author: ! Charlie "Bad Player" Herren
title: ! 'Post-EJP Dagoblah XWings'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-02-03
description: ! 'This is a twist of the 'Engage the XWings' deck posted by Neal Razi.NOTE: Permission was granted to use his deck as a reference. Message him (dredlox) or me if you have any questions about that part.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'
Objective (1)
MWYHL

Locations (11)
Dagobah (start)
Kessel x2
Kiffex x2
Tatooine
Tibrin x2
Dagobah Training Area
Dagobah Yodas Hut
Dagobah Swamp

Characters (3)
Yoda
Luke Skywalker
Boushh

Starships (15)
X-wing x14
Red Leader in Red 1
Lando in Falcon

Interrupts (18)
The Signal x3
Tunnel Vision x3
All Wings Report In
Organized Attack x2
Hyper Escape x2
Rebel Barrier x2
Houjix
Tranmission Terminated x2
Don't Forget the Droids x2

Effects (8)
Yarna d'al Gargan (start)
At Peace
What're You Trying To Push On Us?
Legendary Starfighter
Rebel Fleet
S-foils
Order to Engage
Battle Plan

Weapons (2)
XWing Laser Cannons x2

Jedi Tests (1)
A Great Warrior
'

Strategy: '

This deck plays a lot like the original. Here's the URL for the original deck http//www.decktech.net/archive/passive/lightdetail.php3?deck=1228
 The few differences. Jedi Test 1 is used over The Planet That it's Farthest From because of the ECC DS objective. Luke Skywalker is used over Son of Skywalker or Luke with Lightsaber because of the lower deploy cost and the ability to let me activate another force. Also, At Peace was put in because I can pull it from reserve, and it helps to combat Broken Concentration. Arconas are too easily countered these days, so they were pulled for more useful cards. Tibrin is very strong for this deck, because there are a lot of cards that are necessary to the deck, such as Order to Engage, Rebel Fleet, SFoils, and All Wings Report In. Tunnel Vision is just a tremendous card. It lets you get whatever you'd need from your force pile, whether it is a system for draining or a much-needed effect. XWing Laser Cannons, as everyone knows, blows stuff up. Bounty Hunter ships and TIEs die to them.	Also, in the system selection, there is a 2-7 spread in parsec numbers, meaning that only TIE Scouts and the Mist Hunter(with or without Zuckuss) can make the jump.


A quick note to those who think TK422 should be in here. Bubo munches on TK422. Also, it isn't very good against a Scum and Villainy deck, since you can't deploy him unless the opponent has an Imperial at that site.

All constructive reviews are welcomed. Thanks for reading.
Charlie Herren
'