---
layout: post
author: ! Chris "Artwo" Fanchi
title: ! "The Pride of the ISB"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-14
description: ! 'A ISB space deck that rules all. Enough said.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (6)
ISB Operations/Empire’s Sinister Agents
Coruscant
Prepared Defenses
Combat Response
IAO
Mobilization Points

Systems (3)
Kashyyyk
Kiffex
Sullust

Sites (4)
CC DB
Dagobah Cave
Executor DB
Spaceport DB

Characters (20)
Emperor Palpatine
Admiral Chirneau
Admiral Ozzel (ISB Operative)
Admiral Piett
Baron Soontir Fel
Captain Jonus (ISB Operative)
Captain Yorr
Colonel Jendon
Commander Merrejk (ISB Operative)
Darth Vader
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-181-4
General Veers
Grand Moff Tarkin
Lord Vader
Officer Evax (ISB Operative)
Mara Jade, TEH
ORS x2 (ISB Operatives)

Weapons (1)
Vader’s Lightsaber

Vehicles (3)
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest Scout 4
Tempest Scout 5

Starships (11)
Black 2
Black 3
Chimaera
Death Squadron Star Destroyer x2
Executor
Onyx 1
Onyx 2
Saber 1
Saber 4
Scimitar 2

Effects (5)
Failure At The Cave
Imperial Decree
Presence of the Force
Secret Plans (or Something Special Planned for Them. I haven’t decided)
Security Precautions

Interrupts (6)
All Power To Weapons x2
Imperial Command x2
Monnok
Twi’lek Advisor

Admirals Orders (1)
Fighters Coming In '

Strategy: '

I know that many of you may at first think that this deck is weak, at least when it comes to the Objective. Yes, I realize that Lt. Blount would flip the objective, and I really don’t care. This deck isn’t dependent at all on the obj. flipping. That’s why I’m not worried about there only being 6 ISB operatives in the deck. If you can get it flipped, great, it really gives you an advantage, but you don’t have to flip in order to win easily.
With that said, let’s move into some of the strategy. You want to control space early. This deck packs plently of power in that area, so it shouldn’t be a problem. Utilize the All Power to Weapons sparingly as you’ve only got 2. Also, they’re probably going to try and grab it, so use it in big battles, not in small skermishes. If that’s not working out for you, you’ve got extra immunity support in the AO, which you can get easily via Imp. Command and Piett. If you’re still afraid of losing your ships/pilots to attrition or X-wing cannons or something along that line, then just go ahead and leave your pilots on the Executor which is grabbed conveniently by Mobilization Points. In general, this deck should never lose a game to a LS space deck. If you’re playing an HB deck, you’re probably going to want to get Security Precautions asap, either by drawing it or by Twi’lek. The Death Squad Destroyers are in there for 3 main reasons Immune to attrition <4; Deploy of 7 to the Executor’s location; Force drain +1 at Coruscant.
On the ground, this deck proves to be quite formidable as well. First you’ve got the Vader/Tarkin combo. Then you throw in the AT-STs and a pliot or two and you’ve got a mobile wrecking crew. Be careful when doing your IAO DB grabs. You don’t want to misplay your Spaceport DB and lose your conduit for attacking them. The Emperor is in there for pretty obvious reasons activation (getting him to the Executor DB early is really good) and for holding locations while the bulk of the fighting is happening elsewhere. The majority of the time this deck should be able to easily take care of business on the ground with it’s strength and high forfiet value via IAO.
Now for the matchups
vs. HB
Shouldn’t be too tough. Don’t be too aggressive until you get Security Precautions out. Once you place their obj. out-of-play, the game should be yours. Do some draining on the ground an keep them in check in space.
vs. RST
A tougher match, but it should be winable. Take control of and hold space primarily. If they try to get Blount to Coruscant, make them pay. Use the landspeed on your AT-STs to mobilize you ground forces, and don’t spread too thin. Try to keep them for fortifying on the ground, but if they do, secure space asap. Don’t let them scare you in space. You’re fleet should be able to control them. Keep Executor at Endor. If you hold space and make them work for ground control, you should be able to win.
vs. MWYHL
Simply spread and drain. This matchup is why this deck uses Sullust and Kiffex ’immune’ to Test 1. Don’t spread too thin. Draw to get the Cave and Failure. Whip out the Failure right before they complete Test 5 and you should have several more turns to drain and try to get Secret Plans going.
vs. TIGIH
Avoid sending Imperials to Luke’s site until you get Vader. Set up and hold space. Play smart on the ground and never spread too thin. Should not be a difficult win.
vs. EBO
Start Decree. Don’t try to take space too early as they might try to ambush you. Use Imperial Command to get Veers and invade Hoth. Again, this shouldn’t be too tough of a victory.

That’s all. If you have any suggestions or comments, d-mail me. Otherwise, thanks in advance for the review. '