---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "the sniper" Trepanier
title: ! "court of the vile snitkin"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-30
description: ! 'Takes out your opponent fast with inserts, interrupts, and a tad bit of force draining... BEWARE THE SKRILLINGS'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'objective (1)

Court of the vile ganster/ISEWYD

Locations (8)

Jabba’s palace Audience chamber
Tatooine great pit of carkoon
JP dungeon
Tat Docking bay
Endor landing platform (DB)
Executor DB
Death star 2 DB
Coruscant DB
Gall

Characters (14)

Pote Snitkin x3
Skrilling x11

Creatures (1)

Bubo

Starships (5)

Thunderflare
Accuser
IG-88 in IG-2000
Bossk in hounds tooth
boba fett in slave 1

Effects (14)

Well Guarded
Death Mark
Mobilization Points
Never Tell me the odds x6
Inconsequential losses
Something special planned for them
Den of thieves
There is no try
Imperial arrest order

Interrupts (14)

Abyssin Ornament x2
Prepared defences
Twi’lek Advisor x3
Limited resources x3
Counter Assault x5

Weapons (3)

Disruptor pistol x3

'

Strategy: '

response to slave 1- i play gall cuase i can take it from reserve deck because of mobilization points, and it is the only system in mobilization points’ game text that is close enough to dagobah for me to move all of my starships back and forth between the two. Against LS mains, it would be pretty hard to live on ground, but it is easy enough to hold the air with at least 3 skrillings, and LS numbers are all destiny 1. 3720 to 1 still works great, along with limited resources.


If you cant tell, this deck has no need to worry about eloms. I see a lot of them around here, and i try to work around them... this deck does.


This deck is sweet. its very hard to beat.

Ok, before turn 1, you obviously have COTVG, AC, Great pit, and Dungeon down. And my starting interrupt is prepared defences and i start with Resistance, There is no try, and Mobilization points.

On turn 1, i activate between 5 to 9 force depending on what my opponent gives me. I start out by using the AC game text to take out a Pote Snitkin and deploy him. If i have any effects i deploy them, and i deploy usually a Docking Bay, and sometimes a bounty hunter ship. I give Pote a little protection from one of his minions, and if i have a disruptor pistol handy i deploy it one the skrilling to scare my opponent.

I use my interrupts and inserts early and often.

I’m not too worried about grabbers. Very few people have more than 1 grabber in their deck, so if they grab abyssin ornament, i still have a good chance of retreiving my force. if they grab limited resources, i can still make them lose from counter assault, and i can still retreive. if they grab counter assault, i will use a couple more of them, and then use the rest as force drain fodder, and i can still make them lose from limited and i can still retreive.

I thought about trying to retreive more, but the two other ways i could do that were to
1-  add a barquin D’an, but that would bring down the amount of force my opponent loses from 3720 to 1.
2-  use bounty hunters to capture characters and either feed them to the rancor or imprison them, but this would also bring down the amount of force my opponent loses from 3720 to 1, also this strategy takes a whole lot of cards out of the deck.

I think that my 3 Twi’lek advisors should be more than enough. Because then i can get out any effect that i need to counter their deck pretty fast, it also speeds up my ability to get 3720 to 1 out fast.

If my opponent tries to slow down my 3720 to 1 by not drawing a lot of cards, too bad for him/her, then there’ll be a few limited resources waiting for em.

The disruptor pistols and inconsequential losses are in there mainly to scare my opponent into thinking that i’m playing with a bunch of toys. And therefore they will be much more hesitant to attack me.

IAO is just to stop a nabrun beat down.

They lose force if they leave me alone because of what my objective says. they also lose force once i get death mark out. if i’m playing against EBO, they usually get a han, lando w/ blaster, or a chewie down on hoth. so there is an easy target for death mark.

Den of thieves and resistance are for limiting and canceling force drains.

I dont think that i need reactor terminal in my deck, because i can limit the amount of force that i have in my hand, and how i play my hand.

I usually try to get out well guarded early because a lot of decks contain grimtaash.

(you guys know that skrillings are destiny 4 right?? thats why i chose them for this deck.)


------------Now on to the deck types----------

Against EBO- ha haha ha ha. usually pretty easy. These decks have very few characters. and almost all of them are destiny 1. o) understand what that means?? big kills with 3720 to 1. these decks dont usually have an ultimatum... so i can drain him, and beat him up on hoth if necessary. Against this deck... there is no way i’m taking out gall.

Against Hidden base- get out my independant starships and my destroyers soon. as long as i have a couple skrillings on the star destroyers, i can easily draw my destiny and i’ll only have to lose a skrilling or two to forfeit. Usually pretty easy. They’ll also lose from my objective, force drains, and a WHOLE lot from 3720 to 1.

Against Y4 force choke- (I’ve never played against one of these decks, so i dont know exactly how it would do.) But I could usually get enough force from the DB’s. Also, i think that choke decks have usually only mains... that means no high destiny characters... o) once again, high 3720 to 1 losses.

against MWYHL/SYIC- This is soooo fun. i always win o)... ok, b4 i finish activating on my first turn i take gall from my reserve deck (thanx to mobilization points). then usually on my second turn i will have enough force to deploy one of the bounty hunter ships and 2 or 3 skrillings as passengers. then i move them from gall to dagobah. then from dagobah to a dagobah site to go battle. then i keep getting a couple more skrillings every once and a while from my bounty hunter ships. All the while im using 3720 to 1 and draining and interrupting for an easy win.

against LS tatooine- hmmm, i can usually win. sometimes these decks have high destinys. thats a problem for 3720 to 1, but usually they have a couple destiny 1 or 2 guys. I’ll usually hide out more in my DB’s and at the AC. I’ll easily take control of air, and that’ll be a safe haven for me.

local uprising/liberation- dont see these decks much anymore... but i think’d be easy enough to take control of their system. when they spread too thinly on the ground, i save up to about 4 skrillings and then go beatdown

TIGIH/ICSH- hehehe well they usually have enough power in this deck... but once they see i dont have any imperials they will usually back down a little. Since i have no imperials, i cant capture little lukie.. o( sure they’ll activate a lot... (but remember i need them to activate a lot to kill them with 3720 to 1.) It all works out.

ewok deck- those funny li’l ewoks think they can kill the skrillings??? well, lets see how they do when i limit their drains to two and lets see them try to stop 3 disruptor pistols from killing them And its too bad they are usually only power 2 usually max of 3... counter assault will deal with them... bwahaha And den of thieves always helps to cancel one of the drains.


As you can see, this is a hard deck to beat. The following are what i consider should be the main goals of any deck...
1- makes the opponent lose force fast.
2- gives a way to retreive force.
3- slows and/or stops the opponent from retreiving.
4- enough power to win important battles.
5- evenly enough spread to win the air and the ground fairly easily.
6- limits and/or stops opponents force drains.
7- good force activation.
8- gives little activation to opponent.

As you can see this skrilling deck can do all of the above eight things. Not bad o)

dont forget to review bye   '