---
author: Tim "Info Broker" Guzman
title: 'So cool, so fun'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-07
description: 'This is what I played at the Phoenix Grand Slam and it went undefeated.  We seen versions of it, but this one is fun, and funny :)'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective
Mind what You Have Learned

Locations:(6)
Dagobah
Yoda’s Hut
Dagobah:Jungle
Dagobah:Swamp
Dagobah:Training Area
Kessel

Characters:(15)
Luke with lightsaber
Jedi Luke x2
Obi With Saber x3
Yoda
Captain Han Solo x2
Leia With Blaster Rifle x2
Orrimaarko
Boshek
Melas
Tawss Khaa

Ships:(2)
Millennium Falcon x2

Weapons:(1)
Luke’s Lightsaber

Effects:(19)
Anger, Fear, Aggression x3
What’re You Tryin to Push on Us? x2
Revolution x2
Your Insight Serves you Well
Battle Plan
Wise Advice
Honor Of The Jedi
Aim High
Draw Their Fire
Frozen Assets
Uncontrollable Fury
Order To Engage
Ounee Ta
Legendary Starfighter
Projection Of A Skywalker

Interrupts:(15)
Heading For the Med Frigate
The Signal x2
It Could Be Worse x2
Rebel Barrier
Move Along
Skywalkers
Desperate Reach
Transmission Terminated
Dodge
Gift Of the Mentor
Glancing Blow
Courage of A Skywalker
I Know

Test:(1)
Great Warrior


Strategy: 

Update: Oops..I forgot to mention that the Revo’s are in there, because I love to surprise Ephant Mon, or whoever is just there to activate force behind a Docking bay..  Ephant mon more than anyone else...that’s fun too.  read on.


This deck just makes me laugh...I have my reason.  But really it is pretty simple to play, as long as you don’t do anything foolish.

First thing I want to say is that you will never have to worry about Imperial Barrier with this deck.  Which means when you have beats...or Legendary in your hand nothing should stop you.  I have 3 cards in the deck to take care of Imperial Barrier...first Skywalkers, then Frozen Assets, and Yes...even Desperate Reach...which is my funnest to use against someone, because they always want to read it.

Next I want to point you to the card Move Along...this card is so cool for the current trend of alien decks.  Any Jedi can use it so it works on Luke or Obi.  With a track 4 or 3 you can easily battle only 1 alien to win the game.	I did that in a game is was so cool..

Now what to start with...well I always start with Wise Advice and Battle Plan.	The other effect depends on what my opponent is playing.  You should be able to determine what to do.  If they start BHBM and you start your insight serves you well, but they start doing Ties...do not get upset :), just throw that away for Aim High, and if you see Court or the new one:), then just start Aim High.

Everything else in this deck I think is simple, and you should know what to do.  This deck never losses against Ties, if you play right.  Huntdown might be its main weekness, but that even determines on what kind of Huntdown you see.  And it has some other weeknesses that I won’t just talk about.., but its good anyhow.	I think that is about it.

Enjoy,
Tim Guzman

PS. If your opponent has Ability of One and Half watch out.    