---
author: Jamie "JEEBS" Giberti
title: 'Old Skool Vile Court'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-21
description: 'Good Old Fashioned Court Battle and retrieve, with a little bit of destiny adding.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting:

Court Of The Vile Gangsta
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace: Dungeon
Tatooine: Great Pit of Carkoon
Twi'lek Advisor
All Wrapped Up (6)

Locations:

Tatooine
Tatooine: Lars Moisture Farm
Tatooine: Tusken Canyon
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Jabba's Palace (5)

Weapons:

Boba Fett's Blaster Rifle
Mara's Lightsabre (2)

Starships:

Boba Fett in Slave 1
Slave 1
2 x Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dengar in Punishing One
Jabba's Space Cruiser (7)

Effects:

Resistance
2 x Scum & Villany
First Strike
Reactor Terminal
Oppressive Enforcement
Security Precautions
Tatooine Occupation
Lateral Damage	(9)

Interrupts:

3 x Jabba's Through With You
2 x Twi'lek Advisor
2 x Elis Helrot
Sniper
It's Worse
Oo-ta Goo-Ta, Solo
Ghhhk
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down (12)

Characters:

2 x Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
Jabba
Jabba The Hutt
Boba Fett
Boelo
Ree-Yees
Elephant Mon
Bane Malar
Niado Duegad
4-Lom with Concussion Rifle
Iggy with Riot Gun
Dengar with Blaster Carbine
Jodo Kast
Dr. Evazan
Dannik Jerrico
Chall Bekan
Cloud City Engineer
Outer Rim Scout (19)




Strategy: 

This is an Old Style Court Battle and Retrieve deck. I have started All Wrapped Up instead of Scum, If you wish to do so please do ( There is a lot of S&A in my area). Use the Twi'leks to get out Scum, First Strike and Oppressive, usually in that order. With your retrieval engine in place, you are free to go and battle at your will. AWU Is good because of the ammount of weapons in the deck, AWU lets you get the characters and dump in the Dungeon and retrieve 2 force for each one. Jabba's Through with you is a nice extra, handy for getting rid of characters like original Obi and Jedi Luke. Sniper might snag you a key character or take them out altogether. The one Ghhhk is for that one Battle you don't want to happen, and It's Worse is a card that has won me many a game.

Combos (Pretty obvious, but Still :))

4-Lom with + Iggy with + Jabba's Through with you = 3 destinies, sweet!
ORS + Jabba's Space Cruiser = good space power (Probably pair with Zuckuss in MH)
Elephant Mon + Jabba + Boelo = Oh Dear for the LS

VS Profit

Fun. Not too bad either. Either start Jabba and Boelo, or Chall and Mara grabbing the CC Engineer.
First Turn deploy someone from our reserve deck (this will vary depending on who you started). Establish a Stranglehold on the AC. Battle them in other places on your terms, especially if they go in space (thats like waving a red rag in front of a bull to this deck). You should win through retrieval and capturing.

VS HB

Drain on the ground early. Don't let them build up too great a space presence. Battle them again, and again, and again until you gain the upper hand. your ground drains will be hurting by now. When they flip, go all out in space to block them. You should win.

VS Dagobah

Dagobah doesn't hurt this deck too much. Tatooine Occupation will work wonders in this game. ICBW may rear its head, so keep your it's worse in hand. You should pick up a sizeable lead (Note, if Dagobah is big in your area, take out bane or someone and put in CHYBC)Once they flip, becareful, and watch out for superfalcon, but they should be too far behind to win by then.

VS QMC

Laugh. Then Proceed to take over Cloud City forcefully. The Numbers/Retrieval/Beatdown variant won't be that affective because unless Mara is there, their Eloms are gonna get the Crap kicked out of them. If they go for celebration, send in Zuckuss, Bossk and co to take them out.

VS DBO

Take over Dantooine using whatever methods you wish. If they flip, Beat up their squadrons with the BH ships. The Constant Retrieval should overwhelm them.

Remember to Have Fun with This, and it will win more than its fair share of games!

Cheers, Jamie Giberti