---
layout: post
author: ! Andy "Solo337" McClure
title: ! "OMDH- Andy Style"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-30
description: ! 'Our Most Desperate Hour rocks. It should be played way more often than it is. This is a very well balanced LS deck with good retrieval and plenty of ground pound and space power.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'
Locations (9)
Rendevous Point (s)
Dagobah
Yoda’s Hutt
Tatooine
Alderaan
Tatooine Jundlund Wasts
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Random Hidden Base Indicator

Characters (17)
Jedi Luke x3
Ben Kenobi x2
EPP Obi
Captain Han Solo x2
EPP Leia x2
Melas
Admiral Ackbar
Major Haash’n
Broken Lando (w/ Ax) x2
Wedge Antilles, RSL
Tycho Celchu

Weapons (2)
Obi’s Saber
Luke’s Saber

Starships (5)
Millennium Falcon x2
Home One
Red Squadron 1
Green Squadron 3

Interrupts (12)
Sorry About The Mess
The Signal
Transmission Terminated x2
Tunnel Vision
Punch It
I Know x2
Clash Of Sabers
Gift Of The Mentor
Rebel Barrier (Japenese)
Courage Of A Skywalker
Heading For The Medical Frigate

Effects (14)
Wise Advice (s)
Do Or Do Not (s)
Squadron Assignments (s)
Our Most Desperate Hour x4
Legendary Starfighter
Disarmed
Bacta Tank
Battle Plan
Order To Engage
Tatooine Celebration
Menace Fades

Objective
Hidden Base- non flip (duh)




'

Strategy: '

This deck should be pretty straight forward. Just set up the Superfalcon at Tatooine, and bide your time before you go on a OMDH run. It only takes 1 turn, and in this deck can retrieve up to 12 force. It usually only gets about 5-9, but it’s still worth it, right? Send the Falcon back and forth between Alderaan and Tatooine, and use your other space to handle other systems, let the Falcon do its job.

The usual start is Squadron Assignments, Do Or Do Not and Wise Advice because I HATE SAC, and OMDH is not immune to Alter. If they want to cancel it, I want them to lose 3 cards and it to go to my used pile.

It takes planning to play this deck well. There isn’t a massive amount of space in the deck, but we all know how well the Superfalcon can hold a system, right? This deck also has a relaively small amount of characters, especially considering Captain Han and EPP Leia are for space only, and Wedge, Ackbar and Tycho are mainy for space (but can be used on the ground).

You have to be very careful if they have Secret Plans. Don’t deploy so many characters that you can’t pay for your retrieval.

The generation base is solid for this deck. Pull Dagobah and Yoda’s Hutt, then Tatooine, then Alderaan in that order, and with Rendevous point you are getting at least 10 per turn if they give you none.

Why I play certain cards
Bacta Tank My generation isn’t HUGE, but the bacta tank is very powerful for saving my precious characters, like Captain Han, EPP Leia, or Ben.

Melas 4 ability pilot. Another Force Sensative character retrieves me 2 force with OMDH.

2 Lando with Ax This guy is HUGE He is a BEAST on Tatooine, a great spy, a very powerful character off Tatooine, and grabs me another force with OMDH. What’s not to love about this guy?

Tatooine Celebration This IS NOT a Tatooine Celebration deck. A lot of games I can’t set it up at all. However, especially if I am playing a Tatooine based deck, this can really help out an let me retrieve another card or 2 per turn. Work great vs. Court and MKOS.

Menace Fades In a balanced deck like this, this card can be a game winner. Is Gailid boosting their drains? Throw down the Cantina and put Ben there. Oops, is Gailid doing nothing now? I’m sorry, little guy...

I would like to add these cards, but can’t figure out what to take out
FO Thaneespi
Another Punch It
Hobbie and his ship
Glancing Blow

LMK if you have any idea on what to take out.

Against big DS decks out there

HD Play smart, and try not to get dueled. You have 2 TTs and a Courage, as well as 3 spies, so you should be alright if you play well. Try not to fight Vader and retrieve any damage he deals you.

BHBM I think this objective is inherantly weak, but this might be a rough game. With Luke gone, your ground force is weakened. Try to stay away from Vader, and retrieve what you can.

MKOS Rough game, but you should win if they don’t have Secret Plans. Try not to get Abyssin beaten for a bunch of cards, and fight at the AC if possible. Try and set up Tatooine Celebration and drain wherever you can.

Anything else Play your own game and retrieve when you can. Set up your drains and OMDH and you should be alright.

Hope you like it
Andy



'