---
layout: post
author: ! Alex "george3785" George
title: ! "The Dark Apocalypse The Second Day"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-02
description: ! 'A very good BHBM deck that uses many cards to bea the opponent. It is almost undefeated in tournament play.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Startin’ Stuff (8)
BHBM
Insignificant Rebellion
Your Destiny
Prepared Defenses
IAO
Mob. Points
No Escape
Palpy’s Throne Room

Locations (4)
Rendili
DS2 Docking Bay
Endor Docking Bay
Tatooine Docking Bay

Characters (16)
EPP Vader
Lord Vader
Darth Vader
DVDLOTS
Mara Jade
Palpy
Mighty Jabba
EPP boba
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Captain Godherdt
Grand Moff Tarkin
M’iiyoom Onith x4

Creatures (1)
BUBO

Weapons (2)
Vaders Lightsaber
Maras Lightsaber

Starships (6)
Bossk In HOunds Tooth
Dengar In Punishing 1
Zuckuss in MIst Hunter
Chimaera
Dominator
Flagship Executor

Effects (5)
Lateral Damage
Emperor’s Power
Search And Destroy
Battle Order
Something Special Planned For Them

Interrupts (18)
Alter x4
Sense x3
Masterful Move x2
Monnok x2
Imperial Barrier x2
I’d Just as Soon Kiss A Wookiex2
Force Lightning
The Circle Is Now Complete
Twilek Advisor '

Strategy: '

***PLEASE READ***
Will you please read the whole decklist and strategy. dont just look at the cards and give me a good or bad review. And also dont say it is just like any other BHBM deck because they are all alike. Tis one is just a great one that i play. Also don’t say i copied decks just to post because i have had this deck for a while now and i didn’t copy it.

NOW ON TO THE POINT OF THIS DECK
First off i would like to say that the whole basis of this deck is to win battles. You try to win battles and turn Luke to the Dark Side. Winning battles can be done rather easily in this deck. I win most battles by trying to exclude characters. I use Miyoom, imp. barrier, circle, id just as soon kiss a wookie, and monnok to do this. When you cut down on their amount of characters, you also cut down on their amount of beatdown potential. HOw are they supposed to win many battles when you exclude their mains. This deck easily beats a lot of interactive decks and has a lot of power.

NOW ON TO GAME PLAY
First turn you want to use the 3 force you activate from yourself to deploy palpy to the DS2 docking bay which you fetched with IAO. This will help your activation. You Also want to get the Emperor’s Power, and Rendili out. If you drew Rendili then just wait until later and get out the Executor. If opponent game you 3 force Deploy Miyoom but this rarely happens. So then you would deploy her next turn. Next turn you will want to get one of the other docking bays and deploy vader there. This will cause him to have to give you Luke or lose 3 force. COOL COMBO He will probably give you Luke, but if you want a cool combo use Id Just as Soon Kiss A wookie To make him put Luke back in his hand. This will cause him to atleast lose 3 force next turn. Then on your turn just move Vader Away and he will have to deploy Luke to the old location, letting you set up a beatdown and win a battle.*

For the rest of the game you will want to just win battles and keep using Miyoom. You will go duel Luke to make the opponent lose 3 force and so you dont lose the game due to losing force to your objective. You want to alter or sense anything Dangerous, and just play smart. If they play a Non interactive deck set up search and destroy to hurt them. In the end you will probably win the game.

Cards I would Like to Add (In order)
61. Security Precautions- because hidden base might come back and this will help against it.

62. You cannot hide forever- so that i am protected against odds.

63. another vaders lightsaber

64-67. More mains

NOW ON TO THE CARDS
Miyoom- Completely broken card. Get rid of all their mains and just eat away at them. HOw many good characters do you know that arent male(excluding Daughter and Tawws).

Monnok- Great card. Kills speaders, Swarms, Eloms, and many other decks. If they do deploy yarna just battle them off a battle ground site then alter it. Before you use, you should use miyoom to see how much damage you will deal.

Masterful Move- gets out monnok. recyclable destiny 6.

Sense and Alter- these are great cards. you may say that i need more but please dont. there is only one other person besides me in my area that even uses these in decks, and they usually only use them in their dark side decks. I dont need more and this number has proven sufficient.

Battle Plan- deploy a ship at rendili. it will really help.

Emperor’s Power- This is a great card. I dont see why it is in every BHBM deck. add a destiny that is huge. But be warned, it only works if you are good at tracking desinies. YOu dont want ot forfeit the top card, have it be a 6, then draw two 1’s for destiny.

First Strike- You are going to be initiating most of the battles, so this will really help you. It is the only way you can retrieve force in this deck.

Characters and weapons- These are pretty self-explanatory.

Circle is now Complete- This card is great. It can usually easily get rid of Obi and deal them some damage. Then Obi and Luke will be useless.

Id Just as Soon Kiss a Wookie- Here is another combo wookie them then when the deploy next turn barrier them then set up a huge beatdown there and destroy them.

Now on to the Matchups-

Profit This will be a tough matchup. You will want to start Boba and Mara if you do not suspect a beatdown. otherwise nothing. You should come down fast and just destroy them. Try to win battles, and circle Obi, and Captrue Luke. Since these are major players in this deck it will greatly hurt it.

TIGIH Just deploy some non-vader characters and beatdown luke. try to win battles then deploy vader. they will give you luke then you just want to try to Turn him to the dark side.

EBO I would like decree in here for this. I have played many with out Decree and i have done just fine, but i would like it in here just incase. Just Deploy and drain them. get out Search and Destroy. Also Battle plan. All you have to do is play smart.

Eloms- Use monnok. use Sense and alter. this game will not be that tough.

Speeders they are very strong. just go to the interior sites and drain. Use monnok. YOu should be able to beat this, unless you play stupid and set your self up for a beatdown.

Now on to the not so played matchups

HB Try to win a few battles in space and Probe. It would be good to have Sec. precs. but i dont. If this is popular in your area use it. It can be a game winner.

MWYHL This is a deck that i would like to have something planned for them, so that i can stop those dang On the Edges. they are so powerful after Jedi Test 5. Just play smart and dont set yourself up for a beatdown. Just drain away. this will be tough.

Now thats it. I hope you liked this deck. I think it is good and it helped me come in 3rd at my last tourney. Please give me suggestions on ohw to make it better.

Thanks,
AL  '