---
layout: post
author: Chris "Wedge231" Wodicka
title: 'SYCFA - Balanced Attack'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-09
description: ! 'This was going to be my post JPOTSD deck but hasnt done so well for me. I am open to suggestions.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Set Your Course For Alderaan/The Ultimate Power In The Universe

Locations (11)
Gall
Endor
Death Star
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Death Star War Room
Alderaan
Excutor Docking Bay
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Endor Dark Forest
Endor Back Door
Endor Forest clearing

Chaacters (16)
Adrimal Ozzel
Lieutenant Arnet
Captain Sarkli
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Lieutenant Cabbel
Offier Exax
Grand Moff Tarkin
Commander Igar
Lord Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
IG-88 with Riot Gun
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle

Starships (7)
Devastator
Avenger
Chimaera
Dengar in Punishing One
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist unter

Vehicles (2)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Interrupts (9)
Ghhhk
Masterful Move
Ommni Box
Shocking Revelation
Twi’lek Advisor x2
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us
Prepared Defenses

Effects (14)
Battle Order
First Strike
Come Here You Big Coward
Secret Plans
Search and Destroy
Oppressive Enforcement
Mobilization Points
Reactor Terminal
Imperial Arrest Order
They’ll Be Hell To Pay
Resistance
Security Precautions
Lateral Damage
Empire’s New Order  '

Strategy: '

Okay, I had used a version of this deck for 2 weeks after 3rd Anthology was released. Now with DS2 here I don’t need twix sites, just a few docking bays for activation. I used to play Rops but now I am planning on using this.

The locations can all be pulled for activation except for my 4 drain 2 locations. Those you will have to draw but will probably be able to get pretty quickly. Gall is for MWYHL and Endor is just a good overall system.

My character selection is some 2/2 guys for the ground with Vader, Tarkin, the two droids, and Palpatine’s advisors for heavy hitters. The droids can take out key characters like Obi and Luke by capturing them or cancelling their text.

The ships are designed to hold a system or two or to go out and battle them at their systems. Zuckuss is for low ability decks, Dengar cancels immunity, and Fett and Chimaera have immunity. Use the star destroyers for putting pilots on.

The two walkers are for immunity and just for a place to sticka pilot on for fear of weapons.

My interrupts are all for tracking mostly. Twi’leks can be tracked or used to pull effects out. Ghhhk is for whoever you put at a docking bay alone and Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down is for Bacta Tank. Masterful Move can be used on Savrip.

Effects are to help out my guys or to hinder the opponent. Lateral Damage is still big vs a space deck. Search and Destroy is for non-interactive decks, the rest are pretty self explanatory.

Vs. EBO
Use Lateral Damage and Search and Destroy. Ships should be able to hold a system or two and you can beat them off the ground. Resistance can keep the drains low.

Vs. Mains
Get activation going and use walkers and mains. Track a 5 or 6 and capture Obi or Luke. Hold Endor for space and drain there for solid loss of 2 for opponent.

Vs. HB
Same as HB but don’t go to space until after he flips or it is really good opportunity. Stick to ground and drain him on Endor.

Vs. MWYHL
Drain at everywhere you can. Grab It Could Be Worse. Resistance lowers AFA damage to 2. Possibly go to Dagobah with some guys. Not necessary though.

Vs. Anything Else
Stick to draining on Endor and go where he is and battle him.



Well that is my deck. I am welcome to suggestions

- Wedge231
http//tosche.swccgnews.com   '