---
layout: post
author: ! Matt "MattSokol" Sokol
title: ! 'The Beast'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-13
description: ! 'this was my choice deck for day 1,2 and the team tourney at DecipherCon.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective-1
BHBM

Locations-10
Throne Room
DS 2 docking bay
Cloud City docking bay
Endor docking bay
Endor
Caridia
Endor Back Door
Cloud City Plaza
Hoth war room x2

Weapons-3
Vader’s saber x2
Mara’s saber

Blue-7
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Zuckuss in ship
Bossk in ship
Chimaera
Executor
Dreadnaught

Red-21
Responsibility of command x2
Much anger in Him x2
Twi’lek
Insignificant Rebellion
Your destiny
IAO
Mobilization points
Sense x6
Alter x3
You can’t hide forever
Search and destroy
Force lighting

Characters-18
DLOTS x2
Lord Vader x3
Tarkin
Mara Jade
Doctor E
Emperor
Janus
Ozzel
Evax
DS-61-2
Captain Sarkli
Captain Godherdt
Commander Merrejk
Cabbel
IG-88
'

Strategy: '

Update 11/11/00

So I see this deck somehow got back in the top 10, so i just wanted to update the strategy. First time around i was second-guessing this deck..i was wrong..This deck has everything to fight a mains deck (walkers, vader, ect), and can take any other deck as well.

For people who say that ROC and MAIH can’t work at space locations, your just stupid, read your cards.

So let me lay in down this deck beats any type of mains deck....

I think it would be a good game against the new agents in the court objective. If they play any mains, they eat a big one....if they don’t i eat a big one. But hey you still got all these cool guys to go fight with.

So i was thinking about how to make this deck better
1-take out some Senses and alters for controls.
2-take out ig-88 with gun for another ship.
3-take out Captain Godherdt for another ship.
-----this way you get better SAC protectin and more ships. I think with 7 ships and S&D you can reck some air decks up.

I tried to fix some of the problems and my new version of the deck recks house. I love this deck, once you play it, you will to.

Stay cool everyone,

Matt Sokol

end update
------------------------------------------------------------





Ok, this deck runs like a machine once it gets going.

A lot of people don’t realize the power this deck holds. You get to take Luke right out of the game with your objective, and then you can put ROC on any other main to take him out plus you get a 4-force swing. In this deck you don’t have to force drain if you don’t want to…I mean 4 cards a turn is like draining at the back door and plaza……

A lot of people do play the Hoth docking bay to move over and cancel ROC. What happens is they lose 8 cards while moving there. Once they cancel ROC, just alter much anger in him and slap it on another guy. You can get a 16-card swing even if they play the Hoth docking bay, and I don’t care what deck your playing, that hurts.

To play the deck you have to just draw cards the first few turns to get all your combo cards. Getting Roc and MAIH is Hugh in a game. The force lighting is in there to protect the Emperor from a spy beat down while you are drawing. If you have to, just throw some guys down and let them come and beat you up…. From there just slap the combo down and watch them cry. Most of the time you can just wait for them to set up, and then just throw the combo down.

This deck went 11-1 at DecipherCon, only losing because I got a bad draw, but it happens.

The deck does have its flaws….

1-it loses to a deck that plays more SAC…i.e. Matt Lush’s elom beat down deck.
2-it is very one-dimensional…..outside of the ROC combo you have to use vader and walkers to fight….
3-If they are playing Dagobah they can just kill there guys using off the edge….they’ll tie down you sense and with the +4 to your draw ROC won’t stay around to long.
4-people can play “it could be worse” on it. That’s not cool.
5-X-wing swarm KILLS this deck.

Here is how to play it against certain decks

TIGHIH----Take Luke and ROC obi….you win.

Profit----Take Luke and ROC Ben….you win.

Hidden Base with matching poilts----ROC and MAIH works in the air…slap it on a pilot and watch him lose 4-cards a turn. If he tries to run to the R. Point just follow with Zuckuss. Let S+D work its magic, and probe when ready.

Hidden Base Mains w/docking bays----ROC one of there guys and take Luke…Even if they play the Hoth docking bay the 16 card swing will win you the game. I have never lost this match up.

Hidden base w/x-wings---- you lose…hmmm maybe S and D will keep it close? Maybe you can win with a good draw, but I don’t think so.

Dagobah----Quebician style----This is a tuff match up….with AFA, on the edge, and it could be worse, I think you’ll lose…..

Against anything else----take Luke and put ROC on a guy and win…. The deck is cool, but it does have some flaws.. I didn’t play it day 3 because I knew a lot of people would be playing Dagobah and X-wings….

This deck works well in today’s environment because a lot of people are playing mains.
Tell me what you think…I have been playing this deck since the release of death star 2, and I haven’t had much trouble with it.


'