---
layout: post
author: ! Daniel "Sir Robbo" Robertson
title: ! "Baldric"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-30
description: ! "Based around the new EJP objective, this deck capitalises on the power of S&V + First Strike."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Court Of The Vile Gangster / I Shall Enjoy Watching You Die

Locations (10)
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace Dungeon
Spaceport Docking Bay
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Tatooine Great Pit Of Carkoon
Tatooine Lars' Moisture Farm
Tatooine Mos Eisley

Characters (18)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle  x2
Bane Malar
Boelo
Bossk with Mortar Gun
Chall Bekan
Cloud City Engineer
Dengar with Blaster Carbine  x2
Djas Puhr
Dr. Evazan
Ephant Mon
IG-88 With Riot Gun  x2
Jabba the Hutt
Jabba
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand	x2

Creatures (1)
Bubo

Starships (4)
Boba Fett in Slave I  x2
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter	x2

Interrupts (16)
Elis Helrot  x2
Imperial Barrier
Jabba's Through With You  x2
Look Sir, Droids
Point Man  x2
Shocking Revelation
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
Sniper
Tarkin's Orders  x2
Twi'lek Advisor  x3

Effects (11)
Battle Order
First Strike
Oppressive Enforcement
Presence Of The Force
Reactor Terminal
Resistance
Scum And Villainy
Search And Destroy
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay

Weapons (1)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Unknown Type
Court Of The Vile Gangster / I Shall Enjoy Watching You Die
'

Strategy: '

At first I sneered at the Dark EJP objective, but after seeing a lot of them on this site (and admittedly being beaten by a few) I decided to have a crack at one. Props go to Andrew Ledwith, as I borrowed a lot of ideas from his deck Crossfire In The Court.	So, here goes the strategy -

Locations -

JPAC, JPDungeon, and TatGPOC are self explanatory. Lar's farm helps out my weapon wielders, as well as providing a drain of 2. The docking bays come straight out of my reserve deck, providing some nice and easy force. Mos Eisley and Cantina pump up most of my guys, and the Pub provides a solid drain of 2.

Characters -

The key to any deck are the characters, and this one is no different. The doubles of IG-88, 4-LOM, Dengar and Mara are in there to ensure these amazing character come out nice and quickly, and keep on coming. Jabba is obviously a major part of the deck - fat jabba against anything with mains (and therefore possibly SAC) and really fat jabba against anything where activation is useful (Hidden Base, Operatives and MWYHL). Bane and Djas are great with IG-88 or just to help out your other hunters. Dr Evazan is self explanatory, and Bossk can also help out with character removal. Chall, Boelo, Ephant and the Cloud City Engineer are all to help you at the AC (more on that later).

Creatures -

Bubo should go in every deck. Kills Ops, spies, and lots of other bad dudes.

Ships -

They can come out from the reserve deck with the objective, so 4 is plenty. Fett in Slave 1 is amazing, esp. against Ops, as they'll have such a hard time gettin rid of him. Same deal for the Z-man, and you can load 4-LOM and Iggy aboard to give you a "super falcon".

Interrupts -

Elis is really self explanatory, both for attempting the beat-down and avoiding the beatdown (although you're in trouble if it comes to that). Barrier is also a good counter, especially against super falcon or a beatdown. Jabba's Through With You is HUGE, I love this card. Look Sir, Droids is anti gift (and possibly anti 8D8 against RTP). Point Man cancels Order to Engage and No Disintegrations, two effects that can wreck this deck, and also is a destiny 5 to boot. Shocking Rev is obvious, as is Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down. Sniper is good for preparing a beatdown, capturing Han (with Iggy) etc. tarkin's orders is a good all-round cancelling card, and it works well in this deck. Twi'lek Advisor is bloody obvious - if you don't know why these are in you need your head read.

Effects -

Battle Order is anti Ops, pure and simple. They can't claw, they can only fight and die. First Strike is huge - massive retrieval, and stops abusive interrupts. Oppressive Enforcement provides SAC protection. Presence pumps up a drain and can provide access to some hide-out zones. Reactor terminal needs no explanation, as does resistance. Scum and Villiany is mega powerful - retrieval and cheap deploy together really make this deck. Search and Destroy, Secret Plans and Hell to Pay curb the opponent's excesses, while Sec Prec is very obvious.

Weapons -

Get Mara. Put her Lightsaber on her. Kill people. Duh.

But, I hear you wail, what do I do against other decks?

Vs Ops - Start Battle Order and watch them smirk as they think of their landing claws. Hah Hah. Chuck out a docking bay first turn, Boba in ship second turn and Zuckuss in ship third turn (at their system, of course). This also gets the used function of Tarkin's Orders going. Watch them cringe. Chuck really fat jabba out and then go for Scum and Villiany. Start to battle, retrieve, drain and win.

Vs Profit - Start Scum and villiany, Jabba, Chall and get out your cloud city engineer. First turn drop your engineer for free, convert your AC, and pull Ephant Mon out (stop Boussh, stop Artoo/gift etc.) Then just battle, battle, battle. they have tank - you have SHUOSHD. you have massive retrieval.

Vs Hidden Base - Start with Scum and villiany, and get the force loss from the objective and search and destroy going. you can probably afford to put battle order out - with Fat Jabba you get activation when you drain, effectively cutting battle order's cost to two. When they flip, use SecPrec and your ships to battle, retrieve and probe.

Vs anything else - the strategy is simple - bring them down to tatooine or wherever and battle, retrieve, and repeat where necessary.

Why no capturing - I figured pretty much any capruring would flip the objective, and that sucks. So, very little capturing.

Tarkins Orders? - better than oota goota, IMHO. the extra versatility really helps. besides, I said no capturing, dammit

Point Man x2? are you insane? no, but i hate that stupid Bo Shuda/ Order to engage combo, and i really can't stand No Disintegrations.

that's really all I think needs to be said. Please, tell me what you think, unless you think it stinks )

'