---
layout: post
author: Nick "JediBrain" Stefanko
title: 'CPI Navy v3.0'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-01
description: ! 'This new version of this deck takes advantage of some DII to aid the design based off v2.3 of this deck.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'LOCATIONS - 12
Alderaan
Bespin
Death Star
Tatooine
Yavin 4
Death Star Central Core
Death Star Conference Room
Death Star Detention Block Control Room
Death Star Detention Block Corridor
Death Star Docking Control Room 327
Death Star Level 4 Military Corridor
Death Star War Room

CHARACTERS - 20
Commander Merrejk
Corporal Prescott
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Death Star Gunner (x3)
Lieutenant Suba
Navy Trooper (x8)
Barquin D’an
M’iiyoom Onith
IG-88 With Riot Gun
R3-T6
U-3PO

STARSHIPS - 2
Boba Fett In Slave I
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

WEAPONS - 2
Superlaser (x2)

EPIC EVENTS - 3
Commence Primary Ignition (x3)

EFFECTS - 8
A Day Long Remembered
Ability, Ability, Ability
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward
Crush The Rebellion
Imperial Arrest Order
Reactor Terminal
Strategic Reserves

INTERRUPTS - 13
Abyssin Ornament
Evader
Hutt Smooch
Ommni Box
Point Man
Prepared Defenses
Put All Sections On Alert (x2)
Sniper
Trooper Assault (x2)
Twi’lek Advisor (x2) '

Strategy: '

Starting stuff
Death Star, Prepared Defenses for Imperial Arrest Order, Battle Order, and Crush The Rebellion

Object of deck
This is a fun old-school CPI deck with a little manipulation thrown in.  Games using this deck unfortunately tend to be long and boring (opponent frequently drags out turn because they have nothing to do), but if played right, you’ll win every time.	Aim for pulling off A Day Long Remembered on Yavin 4.  Against ground decks and MWYHL, simply blow away their base planet(s) and kill them through AAA.  Set up the Navy Troopers (Lieutenant Suba allows them to deploy for free @ same D* site as him) on the Death Star to defend it from invasion (after utilizing them for Strategic Reserves), and use EPP Vader and ECC Iggy for suicide runs.  Against Hidden Base and other space decks, still go for ADLR, but also blow away big drain systems like Coruscant and Kessel.  Get out Battle Order to make your opponent pay for draining and Come Here You Big Coward to prevent them from draining at non-battlegrounds.  The best set-up to get is spreading out your guys on the Death Star so that you can set up a nasty drain at Alderaan.
Force retrieval engines are Corporal Prescott w/ prisoner(s) to the Detention Block Corridor (captured via IG-88 With Riot Gun) [note this isn’t something to rely on; this only works if your opponent invades the Death Star] and Abyssin Ornament on the Navy Troopers.
'