---
layout: post
author: ! Brett "B.S." Severson
title: ! "Rebel Strike Team Beatdown"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-04
description: ! "This Rebel Strike Team kills all, well, almost all."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'
Objective
Rebel Strike Team/Garrison Destroyed

Locations 7
Endor
rebel landing site
hidden forest trail
back door
great forest
dense forest
Rendezvous point

Characters 24
luke skywalker, jedi knight
epp obi
chewie of kashyyyk
gen. solo
epp luke
daughter
orrimaarko
wuta
gen. crix madine
corp. midge
4 endor scout troopers
serg. brooks carlson
maj. panno
nien numb
gen. calrissian
wedge antilles, red squad. leader
lt. blount
colonel cracken
2 h’nemthe
gen. walex blissex

starships/fighters 8
gold squad. 1
red squad. 1
tala 1
tala 2
home one
spiral
masanya
independence

lightsabers 2
lukes
Anikan’s

interrupts/effects/admirals orders 19
heading for the medical frigate/starting
capital support
Squadron assignments/starting
close air support/starting
strike planning/starting
do or do not
uncontrollable furry
wise advice
what’re you tryin’ to push on us?
menace fades
rebel barrier
a few maneuvers
projection of a skywalker
docking and repair facilities
houjix
battle plan
honor of the jedi
i know
traffic control '

Strategy: '

bacta tank is in, in trade for a scout. Yes this deck does look like something you’ve seen before. I took some pointers from Rebel Strike Team Done Right.

This is the General idea
Don’t blow up the bunker It’s too hard, I spent two months trying and I only did it 3 times. This deck has done well in playtesting and pretty good in tournements, 2 games lost. Start with Squadron Assignments and Strike Planning, the third one varries on what you’re trying to do. Normaly I pull out close air support, get things going good for my troopers, early. First, if don’t get any generals in my starting hand, I’ll use stile planning to grab crix, then crix to grab wuta. Then I deploy sites and get scouts out, get ships and their pilots and plop them down anywhere I can. After I start ploping down guys/girls I force drain as much as I can, hold off on battle plan until you occupie a battle ground site and system. Then Battle, and crush your apponent. Chop people up with light sabers and don’t look back Flip as soon as you can and star retrieving scouts, if you have lost any. You should do alright, I did and do, but what do I know, I’m just a newbie.

Machups

Raltir
send three spies to the Raltir system, all piolts. Use projection to weaken their drains. Use do or do not/ wise advice to weaken their alters. If you can’t flip em back, who cares, run to Raltir battle em

Hunt down
Use honor to stop visage. If they get to occupie three batleground sites, use a spie in the holotheatre. I have changed my mind, send the beatdown of Luke jedi, and daught er with their lightsabers slice em dice and send him to that growing lost pile.If you don’t like taking any chances then,if it’s not lord vader, piss him off and deploy uncontrollble, but just vader alone would get creamed. Vader and tarken, I creamed them in the last tourny I played in. last oct. 14 2000.That should be good, those force drains will kill yah, won’t they? Oh, and if he  drops other mains slice’m and dice’m.

bhbm
no contest, only once has this deck been beaten by bhbm (I don’t know whats up that wookie20 retards a**) in tourny play, and I’m ashamed to say it but, it was to that stupid jabroni wookie20. He got lucky, extremely lucky. No contest. Just play ”smartly”.

Those are the real popular decks in my area and around a lot of places so I will stop here.

Thanx for reading and reviewing
-Brett	 '