---
layout: post
author: Jamie "JEEBS" Giberti
title: 'Cloud City Dueling and Gambling Trip'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-24
description: ! 'Hunt Down with beats, draining and retrieval. It speaks for itself.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting

Hunt down and Destroy the Jedi
Executor Holotheatre
Executor Meditation Chamber
Epic Duel
Visage of the Emperor
Twi'Lek advisor
Crush The rebellion (7)

Locations

Bespin
Bespin Cloud City
Cloud City Casino
Cloud City Port Town
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Cloud City Lower Corridor
Cloud City Lower Walkway (7)

Weapons

Vader's lightsabre
Mara's Lightsabre (2)

Starships/Vehicles

Executor
Zuckuss in mist hunter
Bossk in bus
Dengar in Punishing One
2 x Combat Cloud car (6)

Effects

Expand The Empire
Reactor Terminal
2 x Dark Deal
Cloud City Occupation
Security Precautions
There is no try (7)

Interrupts

2 x The Circle Is now complete
2 x Vader's Obcession
Focused Attack
2 x Elis Helrot
4 x Cloud City Sabacc
2 x Evader
You Are beaten (14)

Characters

2 x Darth Vader
Darth Vader with Lightsabre
2 x Grand moff Tarkin
2 x Mara Jade, The Emperor's hand
IG-88 with Riot Gun
Bane Malar
Boba Fett (CC)
Ree Yees
U-3P0
Jodo Kast
Lando Calrissian
Lobot
Brangus Glee
Navy Trooper Vesden (17) '

Strategy: '

This is a HD deck that can win by several methods.
It can drain like hell with the best of them, it can retrieve using lando and brangus's Gambling ability, or it battles the opponent into the ground.

Vader shouldn't be hard to find with three in there, and he's got lenty of back-up. Stick the Lord of evil on CC asap with back-up (hopefully in the form of tarkin). if Luke/Ben are out quick, go and fight. if they are on their own, a normal battle could be advisable, where you could overpower them, but in a big group of characters, Duel them. Either track with Reactor terminal, or use focused to give an advantage to yourself.
Once the LS jedi are out of the way, start up Dark deal and super drains on CC. Deploy the aliens cheap at port town and spread out from there. CC occupation is an extra for playing against Space-light decks, but be wary of SUPERFALCON

VS Profit

Start Mara and Boba in the AC, and get mara's stick first turn. even with a free Luke, this make's things more difficult. Deploy Vader/Tarkin to Tatooine asap, pick up vader if you have to.
If They are packing the AC with people , an epic duel may be in order, but take precautions.
you may want to take over tatooine, but CC should remain where you want to stay. if they come to you, beat the hell out of them.

VS MWYHL

Fake MWYHL beats will come to you, so don't spread too thin, and if they want a beating, give it to 'em. Elis and duel all over CC, and keep control of the casino to keep retrieving.
Real MWYHL on the other hand, is a different story. Drain like hell early, before JT 1 comes into play. Either spread out and drain and use Occupation, Or load up a BH ship and go a kick some Jedi ass

VS Ops

Beware speeder ops, stay on CC unless you're sure of a mullering for them, and outdrain and occupation them.
normal ops, deploy some aliens there, or some imps on cc, elis as neccessary, and beats should commence.

VS HB

Start Sec prec in any case.
for fake HB, see fake MWYHL. However, if it has enough systems to flip, probe with the bh and executor. probe bespin vs real or fake, and they'll never get rid of the executor if it's there. VS real HB, drain fast on cc, and use the BH ships to probe.


Obviously, there are other stragegies, but these are the ones in my meta.
Enjoy and have fun using o) '