---
layout: post
author: ! Norman "Norman" Horn
title: ! "Hunt Down w/o Duel = CRUSH THE REBELLION"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-01-09
description: ! "A Hunt Down no Duel deck, kind of like Hays' worlds deck, but it is different."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'
Unknown Type
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Cloud City Port Town District
Endor
Endor Back Door
Endor Dark Forest
Endor Forest Clearing
Executor Holotheatre
Executor Meditation Chamber
Kashyyyk
Kessel

Characters (14)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Admiral Ozzel
Commander Igar
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Darth Vader  x3
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
General Veers
Grand Moff Tarkin
Lieutenant Cabbel
Officer Evax

Creatures (1)
Bubo

Vehicles (4)
Blizzard 1
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Walker
Tempest 1

Starships (6)
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Death Squadron Star Destroyer
Dengar In Punishing One
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
Executor

Interrupts (9)
Evader
I Have You Now	x2
Torture  x2
Twi'lek Advisor  x3
You Are Beaten

Effects (12)
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward
Crush The Rebellion
Empire's New Order
First Strike
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Lateral Damage
Presence Of The Force
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
Visage Of The Emperor

Weapons (2)
Vader's Lightsaber  x2

Devices (1)
Homing Beacon

Unknown Type
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe	'

Strategy: '

PLEASE READ THE STRATEGY NOTES

By the way I don't particularly care for you guys not knowing who I am, this is Norman Horn FYI.

This works much like Clint Hay's Hunt Down Worlds deck.  It does, however, have many significant changes-- and almost EVERY ONE has to do with my local meta.

I am not using D* + Coruscant + ABC2TU, because Ops is NOT POPULAR around here.  Even if it were, with Imperial Decree, a system already out, and my starships, I can pull off getting rid of their force drains.

ECC has affected this deck a lot.  Each BH starship is in because all are powerful in different ways.  4'Lom is in for some counter EPP stuff.  I decided to leave Iggy out though.  I use Crush the Rebellion as my usual start, the only exception would probably be either Hidden Base or Ops.  In those cases I might start either Security Precautions (HB) or Decree (Ops).

With CTR, I'm able to pull the Evader or IHYN's, obviously.  This allows a couple of things I can see if a Vader is in my force pile early on, provided that I didn't get one in my starting hand; great battle coverage with IHYN, EPPs cower from Vader which is always fun; and if Vader has to leave from a saber or attrition, he just goes back to the used pile.

Notice that I'm using 3 Premiere Vaders and one DLord instead of 2 each.  I've found that I need the destiny more than I need that choke, because most of time I can't choke anything anyway, unless I've set a destiny, which in this deck is kind of hard to pull off with anything but the Twi'leks.

Against
Ops-- Decide whether to start Decree or not and go right at them with your walkers, which are your key to victory here.  Vader is your one guy strike team, just watch out for a speeder beat down.

HB-- Decide whether to start Precautions or not.  You don't necessarily have to since you can pull it with Twilek later on.  Then you can start CTR and get some goodies.  Beat beat beat...

Tosche Tech-- Although this deck has died down it still is good.  Best way is to get an IHYN, wait for a guy to go to the station, then a beatdown with a Vader and a Blizzard or something.  Works great.  Kill everything.

MWYHL-- Oh boy get ready to think- that'll be the way to beat them.  MWYHL's lack of characters provides for some neat stuff.  Just beat down whatever you can and drain.

DON'T WORRY IF VISAGE IS CANCELED  You might be able to beatdown a lone spy or something there later, or retrieve it with ENO or FS.	Just don't consider it a #1 priority.

This deck cannot work without thinking ahead.  Plan your moves, and execute them artfully.  Never leave yourself open to a severe beatdown, and you will do great.

This deck is strong is strong against almost any deck out there.  I sincerely believe it has  about a 90% chance of winning any game because of it's sheer power.

Here are some stats on destiny, hope  the the appearance is ok.

Deck Destiny
Cards 60
Destiny 0/2.3/7
destiny     number   draw   hand
0	    12	     20.0   85.2
1	    16	     26.6   93.0
2	    8	     13.3   70.5
3	    3	     5.0    35.4
4	    9	     15.0   75.1
5	    9	     15.0   75.1
6	    2	     3.3    25.0
7	    1	     1.6    13.3

'