---
layout: post
author: Jim "NewJedi00" Sells
title: 'Bringing Back Dr. E'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-05
description: 'With a few card from Premeir you can say bye bye to all those nasty EPP's'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations (9)
Coruscant
Death Star
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace: Dungeon
Kashyyyk
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Great Pit of Carkoon
Tatooine: Jundland Wastes
Tatooine: Lars Moisture Farm

Characters (20)
4-LOM w/ Concussion Rifle
Bane Malar
Boba Fett w/ Blaster Rifle
Boelo
Boosk w/ Mortar Gun
Brangus Glee
Chall Bekan
Danz Borin
Dengar w/ Blaster Carbine
Djas Puhr
Dr. Evazan X 3
Ephant Mon
IG-88 w/ Riot Gun
Jabba X 2
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand X 2
Mosep

Starships (6)
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Dengar in Punishing One
IG-88 in IG-2000
Jabba's Space Cruiser
Zuckass in Mist Hunter

Creatures (1)
Bubo

Interrupts (7)
Elis Helrot X 2
Point Man
Sniper X 2
Twi'lek Advisor X 2

Effects (14)
Battle Order
Crossfire
Disarmed X 3
Expand the Empire
First Strike
Oppressive Enforcement
Reactor Terminal
Resistance
Scum and Villainy X 2
Security Precautions
There Will Be Hell To Pay

Weapons (2)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Objective (1)
Court of the Vile Gangster/I Shall Enjoy Watching you Die 

Strategy: 

Ok Before you turn you nose up and think ahhh this is JUST another Court Deck playing Scum. Well you couldn't be more wrong. I am using an old combo that will soon be everyones favorite again, what you ask. I reintroduce to you Dr. Evazan and his Disarming capabilities. The advantage of the Light Side characters with weapons is nuetralized with this stragedy. I was playing this deck the other day and my opponent felt quite superior droping EPP Luke, Han, Leia, ECC Chewie, and Obi-Wan with his Lightsaber in front of me and playing Order to Engage. Bamn My Turn, Activate, Disarm Obi, Operate, Disarm Luke Operate, Disarm Leia, Same, now I drop Mara with Saber, and Dengar with Blaster, not over welming but nice. I start a battle retrieve 2 due to his Draw Their Fire,and my First Strike plus another 2 for Scum, he loses 2, Fire the Blaster at Chewie, hit, operate, he takes a shot at dengar and misses, fire at Han, miss, swing at him and hit, but I don't operate, I draw a 4 for Attrition and Han is sufficiently wooped. Anyway a long way around telling you how to use this great combo in a deck that plays pretty well, and it's a whole lot more fun to play then RALOPS or Hunt Down.
Thanks
Jim 