---
layout: post
author: ! Phillip "Karrdeshark" Aasen
title: ! "Karrdeshark’s X-wings"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-10
description: ! 'X-wing Swarm+retrieval=Trouble'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Objectives1
Hidden Base/SWSTYF (starting)

Characters5
EPP Luke
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Daughter of Skywalker
TK-422
ECC Lando

Startships16
Red Leader in Red 1
Red Squadron X-wing x3
X-wing x12

Weapons/Devices9
X-wing Laser Cannon x3
Intruder Missile x2
Anakin’s Lightsaber
Obi-Wans Lightsaber
Landing Claw
Bionic Hand

Effects8
S-Foils x2
Projection of a Skywalker x2
Traffic Control
Rebel Fleet (starting)
Order To Engage
Lightsaber Proficiency

Interrupts13
Power Pivot x2
Direct Assault x2
Off The Edge x3
Rebel Barrier x3
The Signal (starting)
Gift Of The Mentor
All Wings Report In

Locations8
Rendezvous Point (starting)
Endor x2 (HB Indicator)
Kessel
Sullust
Kiffex
Cloud City Leia’s Guest Quarters
Cloud City Lower Corridor '

Strategy: '

Okay, this is my first HB deck so I need plenty of help.  Basically its played like any other X-wing swarm except, where other decks have a lot of AWRI, I use Off the Edge.  Unless your opponent is playing a Dark Deal deck, in which case your screwed, Off The Edge will let you use tracked Bionic Hand and Int. Mis. to retrieve all the force you need.	Remember, it can even target an undercover spy.  Against there drains, you have Rebel Fleet, Projection of a Skywalker and SWSTYF so they’ll have a problem once you flip your Obj. Your Strategy won’t change much except against a TIE deck in which case you’ll need to keep your X-wings in threes and fours so they aren’t overpowered. If your deck is being agreeable, you will be draining for 13 a turn, plus hopefully some extra with Order to Engage (once you flip, that is). Here are reasons for various cards.

Order to Engage combine it with Reb. Bar. and they aren’t going to like you.  You can even let their little TIE fighter stay put to keep them losing force by not attacking.

Rebel Barrier slow them down and combine it with Order to Engage

Lightsaber Proficiency Scenario your opponent is playing a dark deal deck.  You dump Luke/Leia/Obi w/lightsabers and with L.P. on luke. at the lower corridor.
If you have GOTM in hand, you will drain for 5 there and have 23 power+3battle destiny.  I mean, whose going to attack that?

Power Pivot/Direct Assault getting rid of annoying pests.

Intruder Missile Trackable Destiny.

Bionic Hand same thing, but will help against disarm and mostly armless.

GOTM 2 battle destiny when you’ve got Luke and Obi at the same site, not to mention you can find a lightsaber with it and then retrieve it with off the edge.

Projection of a Skywalker stopping the drain.

I think this deck could do alright but I want some feedback. PLEEAAASSSSE
Thanks for reading and rating this deck. '