---
layout: post
author: ! edmund "edmund" gray
title: ! "SYC w/ Onith"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-21
description: ! "This deck uses onith and a little cheese to dominate the ground and hopes to get Search and Destroy goin."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start(8)
SYC
Death Star
Alderaan
DS DB
Prepared Defenses
Imperial Arest Order
Mobilization Points
Oppresive Enforcement or
Imperial Decree vs. EBO

Locations(8)
Executor DB
Coruscount DB
Tat DB
Wakeelmui
Judland Wastes
Tusken Canyon
Moisture Farm
DS War Room

Characters(18)
Onith x4
Epp Vader x2
Tarkin
Ejp 4-lom
Ds 61 2
Ds 61 3
Ds 61 4
Evax
Nemet
Sim Aloo
Igar
Janus Greetus
Palpatine
U-3p0

Starships(6)
Dreadnaught x3
Zuckuss iMH
Bossk iHT
Executor


Vehicles(3)
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest 1

Interrupts(11)
I’d just as soon kiss a wookie x2
Monnak x2
Twileck
Ghhhk
You are beaten
Alter x2
Hutt Smooch x2

Effects(6)
Imperical Decree
Grabber
Presence
CHYBC
Search and Destroy
Empires new order
'

Strategy: '

Read before you rate

note take out empire’s new order, add a presence or grabber, and replace the emperor and janus with mara and epp boba.

Pull Wakeelmui, ds war room and a 1/0 db, deploy scrubs, get massive activation goin, either 1st or second turn plop Onith down and watch your opponent scramble to get his characters down, and hopefully you can off them with yours, and send any they draw to the lost pile.
The shear activation of this deck is frightenting. after you know whats in there hand w/onith pull the tat db, and start drainin, and hopefully you’ll get your other tat sites, presence, for big drains and get S+D goin to finish your opponent off.

Hutt smooch is perfect to capture the Boushh and keep thier best female character in check, it can also protect onith with its other ability to return spies to hand.

I’d just as soon kiss a wookie is obvious keep it untill they tunnel and pull luke and hope to deploy a male, but just return him to their hand so he can die next turn.

Alters are for goonee tay, projections and frozen assets.

You still have a good amount of space and ground power to deal with any thing they get out, invade thier hoth sites for a good drain and to cancel thier bonuses.

This deck was orginally a big activation=big beetdown, but i think onith makes it even better.

this deck is pretty metaless so adapt it to where you play, maybe add you cannot hide forever against numbers and security precaitons against hb.

this deck kills profit, it forces them to deploy quick, if not they’re screwed, and your deck certainly doesn’t help them activate, let them save han before you deploy onith so they can’t retrive the characters onith killed. if profits big maybe fit in a maserful move and set for stun to return han to hand then kill em.

against there is good in him try to capture luke right away, and let onith take care of the rest, monnaks for speeders, if this deck is big in your area maybe ditch the walkers and go with sites like the cantina.

CHYBC takes care of drains at ds and db.

well i think thats enough, please read the whole thing.
'