---
layout: post
author: ! Bryan "DMX" Prittie
title: ! 'Hunt Down Dueling - Post JPSD'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-22
description: ! 'Its back, and in full force.......'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi

Epic Events (1)
Epic Duel

Locations (6)
Executor Meditation Chamber
Executor Holotheatre
Executor Docking Bay
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Cloud City Docking Bay
Rendili

Characters (14)
Lord Vader x2
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x2
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Dr. Evazan
Emperor Palpatine x2
Janus Greejatus
Sim Aloo
R2-Q2

Starships (5)
Bossk in Bus
Zuckuss in MH
Dreadnaught x2
Flagship Executor

Weapons (3)
Darth Vader’s Lightsaber (yes, the gay one)
Vader’s Lightsaber
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

Effects (12)
Mobilization Points
No Escape, 
Imperial Arrest Order
Visage of the Emperor x2
Reactor Terminal
Disarmed
The Dark Path
Oppressive Enforcement
Grabber
S&D (Search & Destroy)
Battle Order

Interrupts (9)
Prepared Defenses
Vader’s Obsession
The Circle is Now Complete x2
Unexpected Interruption
Twi’Lek Advisor
Masterful Move
Sniper
You Are Beaten

 denotes a Jabba’s Palace Sealed Deck card
 denotes a starting card '

Strategy: '

I JUST REALIZED HOW DUMB I AM, TAKE OUT THE FLAGSHIP EXECUTOR FOR FETT IN SLAVE 1

Editor’s Note #1 Ok, another Tarkin is not necessary because he is only ability 3.  A newbie with a trooper deck will rarely ever miss Tarkin, he is useful for like 1 turn until he gets smacked upside the head.  Also, why should I put the EndorDBay in?  The only time I’ll ever need to get there is againt TIGIH cuz I’ll need to pick up Luke.  Maybe if Rebel Strike Team is popular in your area, but it ain’t here.

This was my old HDADTJ dueler deck (with some newer mods (modifications)) out of retirement.  I knew immediately I would be playing it again after I read the new JPSD card called No Escape.

The deck has some recycable and trackable 5s, 6s, and 2 7s (1 Visage you start with).  The Dark Path, R2-Q2 and Janus are great for cycling those nice destinies to the top (if you are a really good tracker, I suggest taking out The Dark Path for something like another You Are Beaten).  2 Palpy’s cuz an extra six never hurt and if you can get him and Vader out early (plus Palpy makes Mara a power of 6), you activate 3 force at the Holotheatre.

Don’t think I activate enough?  Think again  I start with an early 4 force (plus whatever he gives me), and then I pull Rendili before I activate, now if I can get Vader, Palpy, or maybe even Mara down to a Docking Bay (preferably the ExecutorDBay) first turn, I can activate a minimum of 3, 2, 1, 2, +1 (myself, +1 if Vader or palpy out (holotheatre text) so that is a total of 10, or 9 if Vader and Palpy aren’t out.  9-10 force on turn 2, that’s pretty good.  Plus, old Docking Bay Hunt Down decks worked fine and that was w/o Mob. Points

Operatives are definitely dead.  I don’t even use Leave Them to Me (who does?) nor do I care to	No Escape makes my characters and vehicles deploy -3 to my opponents <> sites, that means a first turn Vader for 3 force to the Farm is comin’ atcha, who’s gonna play Ops now?  That’s right.....no one.  Same goes for Throne Room decks, and Endor Uprising.  Vader comes down for 3, Mara for 2 to their Farm or Swamp and they’re cooked.	Because all their focus will be on getting you off their planet and once they commit to you, and even if they do clear you out, they have a whooping drain of 1 and 1 (for you real jackasses, that’s a total of 2 at 2 <> sites).  Even if I do encounter Ops, Battle Order will slow them down too.

Profit bites the big one to this deck too.  That’s mainly why I added the Tatooine Docking Bay in there because Profit seems to be the most popular LS deck as of now.  Even if they get Ben down, and he does add 2 to his duel destiny.  If you get Vader and his new gay lightsaber, and you draw at least a 4 and a 5, that’s a 6 and a 7 (1 to each for a lightsaber, then another 1 to each for the lightsaber’s game text).  You will almost always win duels (if you are not a total jackass and use Janus, R2-Q2 and The Dark Path correctly.  BTW, mad props to Brian ’HuntaWarya’ Hunter for the mad tech on R2-Q2.  Han is so easy to kill, if you don’t kill him with a LS, go play Poke`Mon cuz obviously SWCCG is not your game

For all of you that think an Elom beatdown will wreck me, think again	QMC and ’The ROP Killa’ are still ass.  I proxied No Escape and had my deck buddy build ’The ROP Killa’ and this deck still annihilated him.  During my control phase, I disarmed Jedi Luke, so he’s power 6, not 8, with no saber.  Then I do some stuff and during my draw phase, I check the destiny, if it’s @#$% (or if you haven’t tracked) use The Dark Path and move it first.  Duel (using Vader + his new rainbow lightsaber) and you shall easily win the duel.  Jedi Luke is now on your side or your opponent loses 18 force...hmmm. I think they’d rather cross em....so now you have Luke, Vader, and let’s see....Dr. E is now down.  Hmmm... replace Lord Vader with Choke Vader (play YAB if the play Fury next turn) Choke an elom, swing, and they will lose the rest to attrition.  Oh, and what else?  You lose Luke for the battle damage...hmm...he’s a forfeit of what? 9....QMC, don’t even go there  IT’S ASS

TIGIH Speeders, even better cuz all you gotta do is pick up Luke and you’re PERMA-FLIPPED after you duel Obi.  They help you by letting you take Luke.  The Super-Falcon?  Nope....can’t battle once you’re flipped cuz what does the flipped side say....’Skywalkers or Jedis cannot initiate force drains or battles’.	So the falcon is screwed and cannot drain.  If they just drop Han and the Falcon, plop down Zuckuss in MH, Bossk and draw 2 destiny + power to their power + 0 destiny.

Hidden Base? Can say bye-bye while they lose to Visage, S&D, and drains.  Probe the base and then get the f u c k outta there, cuz a beatdown could be game costly.

MWHYL? Visage + S&D.  Oh, Luke comes out to play? Battle, swing, operate, or just duel him.  Same thing for Obi-Wan, and a popular place is the CCLower Corridor and that is why I put the CCDBay in.  To get there and beat the sht outta the pussies hiding there.  Maybe add CHYBC put I do not find it necessary and if they come to cancel Visage, I will beat the @#$% outta them.

Too little characters?	I think not.  This is all I need to win.....trust me.

No Escape is a crucial component to the deck.  It f u c k s over Honor of the Jedi and now HD-Dueling is back.	I’d expect to see a deck similar to this at Worlds.


Bryan ’DMX’ Prittie       '