---
layout: post
author: Yit Fun "turboinsan" Yap
title: 'Come Out And Play (Ralltiir Ops)'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-15
description: 'This deck uses a mixture of AT-STs and AT-ATs to control the ground. Flips, then holds the objective down.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Bathroom.deck - Tue Feb 15 17:26:56 2000


Unknown Type:
Death Star
Coruscant: Imperial Square
Dagobah: Cave
Death Star: War Room
Endor
Hoth: Ice Plains
Hoth: Wampa Cave
Forest
Jungle
Ralltiir
Spaceport Docking Bay
Swamp

Characters (17)
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Darth Vader
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Commander Igar
AT-ST Pilot  x3
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Lieutenant Grond
Major Marquand
Admiral Ozzel
DS-61-2
Lieutenant Cabbel
Lieutenant Watts
Officer Evax

Creatures (1)
Bubo

Vehicles (8)
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Walker  x2
Tempest 1
Blizzard 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 6

Starships (6)
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser  x2
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Executor

Interrupts (5)
Alter  x2
Evader	x2
Twi'lek Advisor

Effects (9)
Bad Feeling Have I
Come Here You Big Coward!
Crush The Rebellion
Imperial Arrest Order
Oppressive Enforcement
Resistance
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay  x2

Devices (1)
Homing Beacon

Unknown Type:
Ralltiir Operations/In The Hands Of The Empire


Strategy: 

CHANGE 1 Hell2Pay for Battle Order. Oops.

[Scroll down and read strategy FIRST]

Default start is BFHI. Mains are in almost every deck that I see, and this will help to slow the deck down. The twix don't give away force, so you'll be running a slow choke on the guy. The max that you'll give away is a grand total of 6. Woop-dee-ha. With low activation, most decks die.

With the amount of sites in the deck, you should have no problems with force generation. You need the force to deploy the stuff in this deck! AT-STs are built for Ralltiir, and the ability to react cannot be underestimated. Basically that means that you should have no problem flipping and holding Ralltiir.

After that you go on the offensive. If the drains from Ralltiir aren't enough (which is usually the case), it's party time. Land your walkers on their sites and start draining. AT-ATs can hold down individual sites, and chickens provide the bite needed. (ooh, nice analogy.) Don't stick on Ralltiir. Go to their planets and drain. That's your drain potential. Mara can help you go where there are no force icons. Drain, battle, drain, battle. That should be your mindset once your objective is flipped. +4 (or 5) to battle destiny makes all battles bloody for your opponent.

You have a strong space presence in this deck. The BH ships are nice by themselves. Executor is here primarily because you have massive force generation...and it IS a powerful ship. If you're not satisfied, you can always put 4-LOM with Conc. on ZiMH. 2 BD, and the opponent has to have ability more than 6 to draw. Endor is close to 2 of the most widely used planets - Tatooine and Dagobah. Also, it gives your opponent a drain of 1 (which turns into zero).

All in all, don't forget that once the objective is flipped, your opponent's drains are -1. You can only be drained for 1 at your twix. That kind of measly drain isn't worth it for your opponent.

Against HB - BHFI in case of suicide mains or crazy stuff like that. Flip, then get SecPrec. Probe, get his obj out of the way, wrap it up with either one big battle or just drain him out. Done.

Speeder Ops - Battle Order. No big problem here. Setup on your own planet, then battle him off his. Alter Maneuflaps early. Ralltiir Ops, get out twix, then convert his after he's played his sites. All the while, you're putting the choke on him. Get down to your planet with walkers and stuff, battle him.

Revo/Nudj - Start CTR. Pull Evaders when you need them. You won't be force choked. Get some stuff down at his sites, drain for plenty. Have fun against this sort of deck, it's what inspired this deck.

MWYHL - BFHI, in case of the dreaded Test 2 EPP hitsquad deck. Get out Endor, land walkers and stuff on Dag, drain. They won't touch you after you've flipped. If they're going for the flip, get out CHYBC and they don't retrieve unless they put out characters, which you can smash. EPP Vader can be used as a one man hitsquad.

Profit - Battle them on Tatooine when you're flipped. Drain for plenty at Tatooine locations. OE start, then BFHI. That way you don't get your stuff cancelled.

Inserts - Resistance will help.

If your local meta doesn't play Revo/Nudj (seems to be on the decrease) then take out the CTR, 2 x Evader and put in Secret Plans and 2 x Shock, or 2 x Imperial Barrier + 1 Hell2Pay.

Secret Plans + 2 x Shock help against Oola manip, plus the shocks are destiny 5 recyclers. Marvellous, IMO.

I originally wanted to find some space to fit in 3 x Imperial Barrier, but I decided against it after I ran out of card slots early when making this deck. The power of Imperial Barrier should NOT be underestimated. I've seen people plonk down Obi with some measly forfeit fodder, and if you have the force and power in your hand, Imperial Barrier is gonna hurt him plenty... =)

Hell2Pay counters most abusive decks. I wanted to have 2 inside, but it had to make way for better effects. Oh well. Abusive meaning Harvest, Balanced Attack, that kinda stuff. If you're faced with an opponent who's recycling destiny 5s all over the place, grapple them. (secondary purpose)

If you're really worried about the drain potential, take out a scrub and put in Mara's Saber. Most of the time, don't do this. You really don't need more drain potential, your opponent's deploying sites for you!

And if you're asking yourself why I put 3 At-St pilots when there's only 2 at-sts that have open seats, they make good pilots overall. They work for AT-STs as well as walkers, so when you've drawn some blue and you don't have characters to go along with them, you can just pull the pilots and deploy them along with the walkers.

I feel tempted to explain every card in this deck, but I'm not going to insult your intelligence any further. Drop me a note if you want me to explain what a particular card does for the deck.

I don't use Tarkin cause I've seen many cases when Vader got Clashed and Tarkin bit the bullet with many x damage. Although CTR basically cancels that, I don't find Tarkin useful enough to include him.

HOLD IT!! Don't click on the button yet, this is an update to the strategy. The Alter x 2 in this deck is HOT STUFF, people. I put it in there specifically to counter stuff like Mechanical Failure and Bacta Tank. With 2 x Vader and 1 x Mara, you SHOULD be able to get someone out to alter those nasty effects. OTE, MF, Bacta, Savrip...ALL MUST FALL TO ALTER!! There, end rant. Thank you.

Oh yes, and if you're wondering why there's no ABC or Decree in this deck, it's cause they're essentially very hard to maintain, especially Decree. Controlling 2 Hoth sites is all fine and dandy, but you'll be devoting resources to holding the Decree down. With ABC, you'll be enticing the opponent to go to the Fun Ball, which you DO NOT want. I might consider slotting them in, but for now they stay out cause I believe the -1 to drains is heavy enough. You're supposed to battle...get off your butts and do so!!

[Review deck]

If you've got any comments, drop me a msg.	