---
layout: post
author: ! Andy "Solo337" McClure
title: ! 'The Chevins lockdown'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-14
description: ! 'Simple enough concept: 1st turn Ephant Mon guarding the Bunker and Peremeter Patrol, and mad drains on Endor.'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'
Objective (for generation only)
Endor Operations/ the backside that no one ever sees

Locations (8)
Endor (s)
Endor Bunker (s)
Endor Landing Platform (s)
Endor Dark Forest
Endor Forest Clearing
Endor Ewok Village
Rendili
D2 Docking Bay

Characters (15)
Lord Vader x3
Emperor x2
Emperor Buddy #1 (Janus)
Emperor Buddy #2 (Sim)
Emperor Buddy #3 (Mara)
Commander Igar
Admiral Ozzel
Grand Moff Tarkin
ECC Iggy
ECC 4-LOM
Ephant Mon
Captain Sarkli

Weapons (3)
Vader’s Saber x2
Mara’s Saber

Effects (12)
Mobilization Points (s)
You Cannot Hide Forever (s)
Power Of The Hutt (s)
Security Precautions
First Strike
Oppressive Enforcement
Expand The Empire
Search And Destroy
Imperial Arrest Order
Overseeing It Personally
Bad Feeling Have I
Perimeter Patrol

Interuppts (12)
Prepared Defences (s)
Twi-Lek Advisor x2
Sense x3
Alter x3
Force Lightening
Sniper
You Are Beaten

Vehicles (4)
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 5

Starships (5)
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Chimaera
Zuckess In Mist Hunter
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One

'

Strategy: '

--Strategy edit
Thanks, Clint. Any advice to help make this deck better will be greatly appreciated.

This deck is still in it’s infancy, as I only built it like Monday, so it needs something vs. EBO. Suggestions welcome, but I’m leaning towards sticking Resistance in.

End Strategy edit--


This strategy section won’t be as detailed as some of my other decks, because unlike a lot of the decks I’ve submitted, I’ve only played with this deck like twice, and I’m not 100% sure what to do myself. It won both games, but still. This deck is honestly being submitted to make it better, not for rating, so please help me think of ideas, don’t just rate it.

Alright, before activating, grab Rendili and ditch You Cannot Hide Forever to get Perimeter Patrol. If Peremeter Patrol is in your hand, you can use YCHF to pull IAO, Overseeing It Personally, Search and Destroy or Security Precautions.

First turn use Power Of The Hutt to get Ephant Mon to the Bunker with Perimeter Patrol. From there, try to get Imperial Arrest Order so they can’t Nabrun in (I know Nabrun is pretty much dead, but still). From there, just try to set up Expand The Empire and get the Emperor Overseeing it Personally. In this deck you can set up drains of 11 a turn without spreading to this (only 3 sites, best case scenario). The drains are also relatively safe, because every Rebel the LS deploys is auto-barriered and they have to lose a force. And they can’t get in the Bunker to stop Perimeter Patrol It’s a freaking lock

The SAC is to help against Revos and Choke (to cancel Ephant Mon’s gametext), therefore keeping them 100% locked out of the Bunker, but are also very useful against any other interuppts and effects.

I use 3 Lord Vaders because he is HUGE The Vehicles are for Reacting, and to protect lower ability Imperials like Sarkli, Igar, Tarkin and Ozzel from weapons.

I haven’t had a problem with lack of characters, but I usually play with more, and that might present a problem in future games.

This deck needs a Hell 2 pay and Secret Plans, but I’m not sure what to take out yet. Any suggestions are appreciated, but please don’t count off for them being gone, as I will work them in very soon.

Here’s what to do against certain LS decks, although I haven’t played most of them

Hidden Base Get Security Precautions and Probe. Play safe, and don’t get beatdown. Spread and drain as much as possible.

Agents In The Court Tough game. Perimeter Patrol does nothing vs. Chadra Fans (or whatever). I haven’t played this matchup, but you could Sniper Kabe maybe.

Profit Probably another tough drains. I’d have to play this one a couple times, but I guess an all out assault on Han would be the best thing.

TIGIH Just let Vader have Luke. If they deploy a lot of Rebels to Endor they will lose a lot of force.

Anything else Set up the lock-drain on Endor and play smart.

Any suggestions would be appreciated.

Hope you like it
Andy  '