---
layout: post
author: ! Adam "Vincent Vega" Beauchamp
title: ! "A Musician Deck"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-17
description: ! 'This deck uses a Court of the Vile Gangster start to setup a nice beatdown using musicians.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective - 1
Court of the Vile Gangster

Locations - 7
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace Dungeon
Tatoine Great Pit of Carkoon
Tatoine Cantina
Coruscant Docking Bay
Executor Docking Bay
Tatoine

Characters - 20
Ak-Rev x2
Sy Snootles
Rystall
Greeta
Umpass-Stay
Dodo Bodonaweido
Barquin D'an
Kithaba
Rappertunie
Lyn Me
Lirin Car'n
Tech Mo'r
Nizuc Bek
Ephant Mon
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle
Jabba
Mara Jade, TEH
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle
Dengar with Blaster Carbine

Effects - 12
Scum and Villiany x2
Security Precautions
Battle Order
There'll Be Hell to Pay x2
Oppressive Enforcement
Secret Plans
Reactor Terminal
Resistance
First Strike
There is No Try

Interupts - 16
Twi'lek Advisor x3
Ellis Helrot x3
Masterful Move
Monnok
Surface Defense
It's Worse
Shocking Revolution
Shut Him Up or Shut Him Down
Unexpected Interuption
Alter
Hut Smooch
None Shall Pass

Ships - 3
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Zuckus in Mist Hunter

Weapons - 1
Mara Jade's Saber '

Strategy: '

The usual start for this deck is to use Surface Defense to get There is No Try, Secret Plans, and usually Resistance. Sometimes I don't get resistance if I'm 99% sure my opponent is not playing numbers. The first few turns you can just take your time and see what the opponent is doing. Once the opponent commits to something, if it is in space, set up a nice drain at the Audience Chamber with Greeta, Jabba and an assortment of musicians. This will make the other musicians forfeit nice, so you can put them as passengers on the Mist Hunter or Hounds Tooth and go to the air after them. If the opponent comes to the ground, ellis helrot them to death. The group of musicians will be quite high on power. If the opponent packs Sense, try to get the oppressive enforcement out and grab their sense. The Alter is for random effects that are worth loosing 3 force for, plus if you use it to cancel sense you do not loose the 2 extra force. Here is what I do vs. popular decks.

Any Tatoine Start (Profit or Obi's Hut Careful Planning) -  Start with all three effects. Try to play a bit slower until you can set up Oppresive Enforcement. Instead of relying on ellis you can try to win in one turn by deploying Scum and Villiany, and then Jabba. Then you can just deploy most of your guys to their characters. Mains look bad when compared to the mighty musicinas. Also try to wait for an oppertunity for them to get low on activated force and drop first strike. Another thing to keep in mind is that this kind of deck usually doesn't play many ships.

Speeder Ops - Dengar is really nice in this match-up, as well as ellis helrot. Manuvering Flaps as well as Yarna are two effects you should try and alter really fast, especialy if you have moonok or masterful move in hand. Oh yeah, I usually start Battle Order vs. this deck. Scum and Villiany can really help in this matchup. Another deck to keep in mind the fact that it plays very few ships, just avoid deploying Bossk in Bus if possible.

Test to 2 MWYHL deck -	I've seen this deck with super falcon in it, so be carful when going to space. The test really don't hurt this deck very much, especially test 1. Keep your guys together to avoid a suicide epp. Also keep a Hell2Pay handy for It Coud Be Worse etc. It's worse can win you the game pretty quickly also.

Throne Room Nudj - This deck has become a very popular deck in my region (Degobah). I usualy start There is No Try and Secret Plans, but not resistance. Just remember two things when playing this deck. 1), be patient, if you don't feel safe Helroting, wait until you have a grabber or an alter, and you have oppressive enforcement out. With oppressive enforcement you will eventualy get an ellis off, unless they pack Quite a Merc. and 2), Remeber that they have to come to you, they can't win otherwise. They play no drain sites and the Court objective forces some interaction. If you have to you can keep a hutt smooch and none shall pass in your hand and hide ak-rev in the dungeon while he builds your hand up. If this deck is very popular in your area, you might want to add a wounded wookie to stop the destiny adders, or Boring Conversation anyway. This is another low ship count deck, so go to space with comfort.

Hidden Base - I usually start all three effects with surface defense, because HB inserts gets played a bit around here, and because it reduces the drains at Kessel and Coruscant. Against this deck I try to draw or use unexpected interuption to get its worse, and once they flip I twi'lek for the security precautions and use the Mist Hunter loaded with high forfeit musicians to probe. Be very carful against the x-wing swarm, and don't be afraid to land your ship if you need a turn to load it full of forfeit fodder.

Well, thats about all the popular decks in my area. Any comments will be appreciated.I aslo realize that an outer rim scout or 2 would be good, but I don't have any. That is why I don't use Chall Becon or Jabba's Space Cruiser if you were wondering. Thanks and Good Luck. Vincent Vega Out.	 '