---
author: John "jpvz" Veasey
title: 'Rig that destiny'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-24
description: 'A deck that deals direct damage, has massive retrival and should be able to hang with any deck.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Locations(8)
Rendezvous Point
Cloud City: Platform 327 (Docking Bay)
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Hoth: Echo Command Center (War Room)
Hoth: Echo Docking Bay
Spaceport Docking Bay
Yavin 4: Massassi Headquarters
Yavin 4: Massassi War Room

Characters (17)
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Melas
Momaw Nadon
Artoo
ASP-707 (Ayesspee)  x3
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Daughter of Skywalker
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Jerome Webb
Luke With Lightsaber  x3
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x2
Orrimaarko


Effects (7)
Bacta Tank
Do, Or Do Not
Insurrection
Traffic Control
Undercover  x2
Wise Advice

Interrupts (23)
Clash Of Sabers
Glancing Blow
Off The Edge  x2
On The Edge  x3
Run Luke, Run!
Sorry About The Mess  x2
Surprise Assault  x2
The Signal  x2
Fallen Portal  x2
Narrow Escape  x2
Rebel Barrier  x2
Shocking Information  x2
Under Attack

Weapons (5)
Ewok Catapult  x5


Strategy: 

Note: Run Luke, Run out and add a second Under Attack.

This is an Ewok catapult deck as you can see. Hit and run is the name of the game here. There isn't really any drain potential here, you have to take it to your opponent. A deffensive deck that tries and react to whatever you opponent is playing. It will die against an all Big Blue space, but should be solid against any deck that is on the ground.

Start at R Point for best activation and no drain for them. Docking bays help get around. CC for Off the Edge, Endor for the catapults, Hoth for activation and an early base. Spaceport DB to infiltrate Coruscant or Raltiir. Some Twix for activation (don't have Yoda or his hut).

For charactes, need either self destiny or a weapon. Rigged weps destiny can hit anyone (Nice with SATM). Momnaw, Artoo and Jerome are to go Undercover Melas and Orri are decent stand alone guys. The keys to this deck are the ASP droids.

Effects are to keep stuff going thru my deck. Wise Advise and DoDN are anti SAC. Bacta Tank keeps my guys going longer. Insurection gets the DB's out. Undercovers plug drains.

The meat of this deck is the red here. Why no Tras Term. Because in my area Huntdown isn't too popular. I often see more Rops and ISB. For a big tourney I'd defineitly add some huntdown protection. Clash isn't seen too much today, but has surprise value. Glancing Blow helps me deal with the Dark Lord. The Edges are perfect for this deck's retival. SATM can be both an offensive and defensive weapon. Surprise Assaults can be nasty with rigged or tracked destiny. Signal to grab stuff. Fallen Portal is fun, love to see the color drain from my opponents face. Narrow Escape helps me run away and live to fight another day. Barriers help prevent beatdown ( I hope). Shocks are anti-Manip, but really just easy to recycle 5's.

Then of course the Catapults. Drop and stack, simple as that.

This deck has worked so far in the two tourney I have taken to. Looking for whatever help you can offer. 