---
layout: post
author: ! Steve "BlackViper" Marshall
title: ! "Palpatine Operations"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-05
description: ! 'The Emperor holds Ralltiir with an iron fist.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'STARTING (6)
Ralltiir Ops
WB Ralltiir
Prepared Defenses
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
Inconsequential Losses

CHARACTERS (22)
Emperor Palpatine x 2
Royal Guard x 10
Myn Kyneugh
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Colonel Davod Jon
Lord Vader
Darth Vader DLOTS
Grand Moff Tarkin
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Mara Jade
U-3PO

BLUE (5)
Boba Fett in the Roadster x 2
Bossk in the Bus x 2
Zuckuss in the Blimp

WEAPONS (7)
Vader’s Lightsaber
Mara’s Lightsaber
Force Pike x 5

EFFECTS (4)
Come Here You Big Coward
Presence Of The Force
Oppressive Enforcement
Overseeing It Personally

INTERRUPTS (10)
Masterful Move
Alter
Sense x 3
Res Luk Ra’auf
Weapon Of An Ungrateful Son
Weapon Lev
Ghhhk
Abyssin Ornament

LOC (6)
Executor DB
Coruscant DB
Spaceport DB
Jungle
Spaceport Prefect’s Office
Forest '

Strategy: '

I dont like boring decks that win but dont do anything. RalOps sits on the planet and sends a beatdown squad every once in awhile, MWYHL is non-interactive until test 5, HD offers no variety, EBO is no ground, and the list goes on. I like fun decks, but I wanted to win. Thus the compromise PalpyOps.

I generate 2 Force myself 1st turn, and thats all I need. A third is nice, but not needed. I fetch the Coruscant DB and the Prefects Office from the deck, sit a Royal Guard at the DB, give him a pike if I have one, and let him sit. If I get the third Force, he can use it next turn if he needs to. Hes already getting a destiny on his own, and hes only 2 Force. Grab the Exec DB, SP DB, and the Forest and flip. I leave an armed guard at each off-planet DB for generation until I dont need it anymore.
I drop Palpy, Sim, Janus, and an armed Myn at the Prefects Office, adding 1 to the power of everyone Ive got on the planet. Presence of the Force sits on the Office unless its needed elsewhere, and Overseeing sits on Palpy to give me double the drain power. That card is awesome in this type of deck Everyone else spreads out on the planet, but the Forest usually stays to the Royal Guards for the immunity. I dont drop the Jungle unless I need to or Im sure I can protect it well enough.
To protect space, I use recurring bounty hunter ships. I drop 4LOM in the Z-Train with Bossk and battle for me 3 destinies. I can afford to lose 4LOM and Zuckuss if I need to, because Im holding a Res Luk Raauf in my hand. Bossk is all alone Im getting 3 destinies again, on top of his power 7 plus the 7 side of PalpyOps. Thats awesome. Fett gets it too, but it wont work on Zuckuss.
I have no need for No Escape; Im not going to my opponents diamond sites, and I have no fear of Honor. Abyssin Ornament retrieves a bunch when I need it, and its a nice floating 5. I use it when the deck is down to a couple cards to recirculate it so my opponent doesnt see a whole lot. My Royal Guards can drop to Coruscant and transit to Ralltiir if Palpy hasnt hit the table yet. With the sabers and other extras, I have a max drain of 12 per turn on my planet. Thats nice for this objective
With Myn at the Prefects Office, my armed Royal Guards are now power 4 and Defense 4 with a destiny, even if theyre alone. I chose Lord Vader because he fufills the Offices text, too. Oppressive Enforce keeps my many ints from being sensed.
Mara, Vader, Jon, Tarkin, Sim, and Janus can take the battle to another planet if I really need to. I’ve learned that the best RalOps deck have the ability to move off the planet. Royal Guards can transit off, or Palpy might show up on another planet and let them deploy freely.
Strategic Reserves is NOT in this deck because it cant move that slowly. If Ive got a Guard and its battle time, Im adding the 4 to my power. I usually cant have them hanging around elsewhere.
This deck dies to Savrip. Masterful Move is here solely for that reason. And its a nice used 6, too As for the coolest card in this deck Weapon Of The Ingrate. With the -1 to drains, the lightsaber is going to provide my damage. This gets rid of it And at the end of a game, its nice to throw 6 or 7 cards back in the deck at the expense of 1. And its a destiny 5

Anyway, thats my trademark DS deck. Hope you like it Thanks ahead of time for your review.   '