---
layout: post
author: Ryan "heinekin" Hase
title: 'The Best Ral Ops'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-24
description: 'Setup big drains on Raltiir with Overseeing it personally on the palpatine.  Crush your opponent in battle everywhere.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective:
Ralltiir Operations/ In The Hands Of The Empire

Locations (10)
Wakeelemui
Endor
Ralltiir
Forest
Swamp
Desert
Spaceport Docking Bay
Executor: Docking Bay
Hoth: Ice Plains
Hoth: Wampa Cave

Characters (16)
Emperor Palpatine x2
Darth Vader
Mara Jade
Officer Evax
Colonel David Jon
Lieutenant Watts
Lieutenant Arnet
Lieutenant Cmndr Arden
Major Marquand
AT-ST Pilot x3
Admiral Ozzel
Sim Aloo
DS-61-2

Vehicles (7)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6

Starships (5)
Dengar in Punishing One
Zuckus in Mist Hunter
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Dreadnaught

Effects (14)
Snadwhirl
Secret Plans
Battle Order
There Is No Try
Reactor Terminal
Imperial Decree
Blast Door Controls
Oppressive Enforcement
There'll Be Hell to Pay
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
Come Here You Big Coward
Security Percautions
Overseeing It Personally

Interrupts (7)
Prepared Defenses
Imperial Barrier x2
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
Masterful Move
Monnok
Trample


Strategy: 

It's out there everywhere now, Ral Ops was one of the few objectives not to be destroyed by Death Star 2... Not only was it not destroyed, but it owns everything out there when built right.  My version of the deck uses multiple effects (as you've probably noticed) to cover anything your opponent might try.

Start prepared defenses and of course get out Mobilization Points, Imperial Arrest Order, and Oppressive Enforcement.  If your opponent start with the Main Power Generators then replace Oppressive Enforcement with Imperial Decree.	On the first turn, search for Wakeelmui before you activate.  Lay down Wakeelmui, deploy the swamp and executor docking bay from reserve, and deploy an imperial at the docking bay.  Once you have the activation set up, lay out the four sites with chicken walkers and imperials.  Get Palpatine on Raltiir and play Overseeing it personally making all of your drains +1 at every other site.  With force drains -1, the opponent will have no choice but to come after you, or be quickly out-drained.  This deck is extremely powerful since you can just isolate yourself and finish them off.  Once you're setup with the emporer, you drain for 7 and the rebels drain every -1.  Once you set up the decree, rebel draining is brought down to almost nothing and they will have no choice but to confront you on your own planet.

Why it's in there:

Endor:	You drain 2, they drain 1.  Rebel deploy +1.  Satisfies Battle Order requirements.

Sandwhirl:  This card wins games.  I set up the sites: Forest, Swamp, Desert, D-Bay  You basically isolate your opponent to one side of the planet.

Secret Plans:  Training and destiny 7's are popular.  Makes on the edge a real pain in the ass to play.  If you know where your destiny are and you don't like them, search for shocking revelation any time just to reshuffly your deck.

Blast Door Controls:  Rebel barrier has always been annoying, but this card kills profit.

Come Here You Big Coward:  Further destroys training retrieval, as well as retrieval under the shields of hoth	(baragwins).  Also stops drains on your twix sites.

Imperial Barrier:  Stop beatdowns in their tracks.  This card is especially crucial if someone is playing I'm With You Too to make battle damage insane.  Barrier Luke and stop the foursome from laying out a beatdown.  Also plays great after your opponent spends 20+ force to deploy to Raltiir.

Shut Him Up:  Bacta Tank is evil and now you can cancel it with a huge destiny to boot.

Masterful Move:  Savrip wins games, stop it easy.  You can also grab monnok.

*******

And now for a breakdown of certain match-ups:

Profit:  Profit goes down quick as you can outdrain them quite easily.	Should they spread out on Tatooine to do more damage, then search for blast door controls with your objective, and deploy to Han's site and take him out.  With the effect on the table, they can no longer narrow escapr away from battles.  Otherwise you'll outlast them for sure.

Throne Room Mains:  This match will become very battle oriented and Ral Ops has the edge there.  Use huge ammounts of attrition to take out their mains and keep using the imperial barriers to stop major beatdowns.  Since they will have to beat you off of Raltiir, you should have the advantage from turn 1.

Echo Base Operations:  Like I said earlier, start decree as your third effect and get it in effect using quickly wakeelmui and raltiir.  Later in the game it's easier to enforce the decree using two rebel base locations.  Arden and Cl. David Jon both do an excellent job of holding a site alone.  You'll quickly drain them to death without a problem.

MWYHL:	Training has been made a fairly solid theme with the way of things, but it sets up too slow still.  I've playtested numerous matches with these two decks and Ral Ops just comes out too fast, especially with the extra two force on turn 1.	Quick drains along with effects like Come Here You Big Coward and Secret Plans just destroy the deck.

Hidden Base:  If Hidden Base is even out there anymore, security precautions along with -1 draining from Ral Ops just about finishes off HB.

There's Good in Him:  Simple, just don't deploy an imperial to Luke's site.	If he should happen to wander over to Raltiir, then go ahead and deply Vader.  The only way he is going to complete the objective is if he wins battles to add cards to I Feel the Conflict.  Too bad he won't be winning very many battles unless he comes to Raltiir... even then it doesn't look so good.

Overall keep in mind that I have the deck meta'd to an extenet... one card that I found useful at one point was overload.  X-Wing laser cannons can be a burden and a well timed overload is nasty.  Another excellent addition to the deck is mosep.	Drain for 6 off the top of your opponent's reserve every turn.  If you'd like to try him out then yank there is no try or shut him up.  Have fun with it.