---
layout: post
author: ! Rich "ONE-ARM" Jeffery
title: ! 'ONE-ARM's Carbon Freezing Deck 2.0'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-09
description: ! 'This is a combination of a lot of the Carbon Freezing decks that I've seen and it's fun to play with because it's vesitaile. I made some of the suggested changes though there weren't very many. PLEASE LEAVE A CONSTRUCTIVE REVEIW. If you're going to give f'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Carbon Chamber Testing

Characters x14
Ugnaught x3
Boba Fett
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
Zuckuss
Bane Malar
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Jabba The Hutt
Boelo
Grand Moff Tarkin
Darth Vader
Navy Trooper Vesden

Devices x2
Carbon Chamber Console
Interrogation Array

Effects x11
Security Precautions
Bad Feeling Have I
A Bright Center To The Universe
Battle Order
Carbon Freezing x2
He Is Not Ready
All Wrapped Up
There'll Be Hell To Pay
There Is No Try
Imperial Arrest Order

Interrupts x12
Twi'lek Advisor x3 Starting
Monnok x2
Prepare The Chamber x2
Torture
Evader
Res Luk Ra'auf
Masterful Move
Double Back

Locations x8
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber Starting
Cloud City Security Toswer Starting
Cloud City East Platform
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace Dungeon
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Death Star
Coruscant

Starships x6
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
IG-88 In IG-2000
Slave 1
Thunderflare
Tyrant
Vengeance

Weapons x2
Vader's Saber
Dengar's Modified Riot Gun '

Strategy: '

Okay for starters *READ THIS* and please leave a detailed reveiw. I haven't bought much EJP or ECC.


Okay here's how to start

VS. All. On The first turn use the console to get everything you need to freeze. If you don't have a bounty hunter in your hand (though unlikely it's possible) use Double Back to grab one. You Should be able to get at least 8 before destiny then it's a peice of cake to freeze. Just freeze their Guy ASAP. If they don't give you a rebel all the better then just concentrate on beating thekm down. Try to keep all the combo people together (i.e Vader/GMT, Boelo/Jabba, and 4-LOM/Zuckuss or Jabba).

VS. Operatives Start Battle Order. To make them pay to drain. Then try to get ABCTU out and target their planet. Also Invade Their Planet w/ combos of Zuckuss and 4-lom or Vader and Tarkin.
If you can think of any DS card that reduces attrition please tell me, cause that would be great.

VS. Hidden Base. Start Security Precautions. Wait till they flip then deploy and probe like Heck. Try to keep most of your ships together unless their forces are spread out real thin. Put Ugnaughts and bounty hunters you don't need as passengers for forfeit fodder while you use Vader to kill what ground the do have.

VS. Mains or MWYHL. Start Bad feeling and use the twi'lek's to grab All wrapped up ASAP, Then if you are able to get to them capture all their mains. If you're real lucky they won't have any non main rebels.

VS. Rescue The Princess
Don't laugh I acttually played one of these. Forget the guy they give you and take the princess then they can't flip and get their other stuff out.

Here's a little extra info about the deck
Idealy you want to use both carbon freezings. I have stuff in this deck to counter most types of decks. Vesden, Torture, Securit Precautions, Bad Feeling have I, ABCTU, There'll be Hell to pay, Battle Order, and Monnok. I feel that this deck is pretty well balanced. Please tell me what you think.

This deck is very straight-forward. Again Please make your reveiw Constructive. If you can't think of more than 'you need to improve this deck' or something like that then please don't reveiw this deck.


'