---
author: Lee "Terron" Edwards
title: 'The Emperor's Love Machine (Or Why Lee Edwards is No Longer 1,057 in the World)'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-06
description: 'Mike, Dan, and I tweaked this deck the night before Regionals, and I think it's in its prime right now.  Capable of beating both ground and space in their arenas.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (8):
Bring Him Before Me/Ugly Picture of Luke
Death Star II: Throne Room
Your Destiny
Insignificant Rebellion
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Points
You Cannot Hide Forever
Imperial Arrest Order

Locations (4):
Rendili
Death Star II: Dockign Bay
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94
Cloud City: East Platform (Docking Bay)

Characters (20):
Lord Vader x2
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith
Darth Vader with Lightsaber
Emperor Palpatine x2
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Handjob x2
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Commander Igar
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Officer Evax
Major Rhymer
DS-181-4
Captain Godhert
Dr. Evazan
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle

Weapons/Devices (2):
Vader's Lightsaber
Mara's Lightsaber

Starships (7):
Devastator
Avenger
Chimaera
Dominator
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Dengar in Punishing One

Vehicles (2):
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Interrupts (9):
Sense x3
Alter x2
Imperial Barrier x2
Rise My Friend
You Are Beaten

Effects (8):
There'll Be Hell To Pay
Emperor's Power
First Strike
Come Here You Big Coward
Lateral Damage
Reactor Terminal
Security Precautions
Secret Plans

Strategy: 

This is basically the Dark Side's answer to Throne Room decks.  You're giving away no force with the exception of the 2 Docking Bays and Rendili.  I know what you're thinking.  Why are you using those?  You get a drain potential of 3.  That's kinda crapy huh?  Well most Throne Room decks have a drain potential of 0, and they win, don't they?  You play this deck the same way you play Throne Room, with a few differences (and I think, improvements).
Turn 1:
Before you activate, pull Rendili and the Emperor's Power into hand.  If the opponent is playing HB, lose You Cannot Hide Forever and grab Security Precautions.  Activate.  Deploy Rendili and Emperor's Power.  Deploy Death Star II Docking Bay from Reserve Deck and the Emperor from Reserve to there.  One of the 2 Emperors will be there, I guarandamntee, but if DS2 DB is in your force pile, pull a different Docking Bay.

Turn 2:
If you have the Emperor at the Docking Bay, you should now be generating 9 force from your locations alone (10 if you deployed Security Precautions).  Within the next 2 turns, all your Docking Bays should be out, you should control one of the battleground Docking Bays, and the Emperor should be chillin at his DB.  You should try to get your hands on that Security Precautions if it's not already out, giving you a toal of 14 force.  Now once you think you know what your opponent is doing, you should get the Emperor over to his Throne Room and have your game plan setup.

Now, why the Docking Bays and Rendili?
By turn 3, you should have Rendili and the DBs out.  This does 2 major things once you control them.  Circumvents Battle Plan, and Honor of the Jedi.  Now your opponent will lose 3 force per turn unless they use Luke in their deck.  Nasty.

You should play this deck like a regular M&T deck, with two exceptions:
One - Don't be afraid to devote to space.  You can do it.  With 4 Star Destroyers, Lateral Damage, 3 Bounty Hunter ships, 4 IAO pilots, Evazan (mini-IAO pilot), and Emperor's Power, you should be able to take it to the opponent.	I took down Mike Fitzgerald's matching pilots with weapons deck in his own territory using this deck.	The key is using your forces wisely, Sensing any harmful interrupts, and Barriering anything you don't want to fight.
Two - Vader has a built-in YAB with Luke's name on it.  Only try to capture Luke if you believe you can do more thaqn 1 damage a turn with Vader.  if Vader is locking down Mos Eisley with his saber, Tarkin, and Evazan, you're doing 3 damage to your opponent's 1.  This is good.  If you can get Vader to the Emperor (with DB transit or Rise My Friend), you can start doing 3 damage/turn to Luke.  If you win 3 battles, you can cross Luke with a 4, which is not unlikely to happen (especially if the only card in your RD after the duel is a 4, duh.  After 4 won abttles, it's a guaranteed victory, as there are no 0s in the deck after the 3rd turn.

The Tech in Q and A format:
Q: What's with the scrubs?  They're only forfeit 3, and some don't add to power of certain ships?
A: DESTINY! DESTINY! DESTINY!
We found in playtesting that the destiny in these decks SUCK ASS!
So all my scrubs (with the exception of Evax, because he's mad cool), are destiny 3 or 4.  Tight, huh?

Q: Dominator Sucks!
A: No way.  Dominator is the Liberty of the Imperial starfleet.  It has less power, but lower deploy, and if you control Rendili, during your control phase, you can use 3 force to retrieve it.  Sweet, huh?  Side-note.  When Captain Godhert is aboard, it is hyperspeed 5, making it capable of reaching parsec 7.	Might come in handy some day.

Q: Only one Lightsaber for Vader?
A: You'll find in many games, Vader will just be chillin with the Emperor making your opponent lose 3 force/turn.  No need for a lightsaber there.  But also, you've got EPP Vader, and of course, Mara Jade.

Q: Two Emperors?
A: Can you think of a better destiny 6 card to put in this deck?  Having 2 Emperor's is awesome.  Some decks (like my LS) go straight for the Emperor and faqce you with either losing the Emperor or losing 7 force early on in the game.  7 Force can set you back bigtime, but losing the Emperor screws your Objective.  Also, you can use the first Emperor to aid you against Profit, then have him follow Vader back if you decide you want to try to convert Luke.  Or just forfeit Palpy, then deploy him next turn from reserve deck to his Throne Room.

Q: Are you really #1,057 in the World?
A: Shut the hell up.

Now the specific deck matchup rundown:

vs HB:
Pull that Sec Prec and hit em hard.  Lateral Damage and 2 Star Destroyers should give you an early advantage, then start probing.  3 Force a turn to Your Destiny is going to help big-time.  Watch out for the Falcon.  Legendary Starfighter may cost you the game.

vs There Is Good In Him:
Try not to capture Luke until youve won some battles.  If Luke does get captured, take him to the Death Star, and track some dueling destinies (The Emperor is a good one to track) to make him lose 3/turn, as well as keeping him from stacking cards on I Feel The Conflict.  The Emperor's Handjob might have to fend off Obi singlehandely, but the Walkers with pilots are always effective vs Obi.  Even Obi-Wan won't survive long against The Emperor's Power.

vs Profit:
start Mara and Evazan.	Get Mara her stick.  Since you have 2 Emperors and a Docking Bay, you may want to get the Emperor to hold out the AC on the first turn.  If you can garrison the AC (trust me, its not that hard), and Barrier Leia when she comes down or Sense Someone Who Loves You, you should be good.  Get some drains going to give you the advantage, and tell Master Luke who's boss by capturing him with Vader if he starts causing trouble.

vs anything else:
Play it like a regular M&T deck.  Hit hard and fast, then stick around to drain.  You Are Beaten and Lateral Damage are your friends.  Igar in Tempest 1 with the Emperor's Power is beastly.

Have fun. 