---
layout: post
author: ! Zach "yodamuppet" Marshall
title: ! "Sir  Come With Us   V 1 5"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-07
description: ! "Court deck based loosly on Frank's Palace."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (6)
Court Of The Vile Gangster
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine Great Pit Of Carkoon
Jabba's Palace Dungeon
Twi'lek Advisor
Bad Feeling Have I

Characters (21)
Darth Vader x2
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand x2
IG-88 With Riot Gun x2
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Grand Moff Tarkin
Brangus Glee
Jodo Kast
Djas Puhr
Chall Bekan
Ephant Mon
Boelo
Dr. Evazan
Mosep
Jabba The Hutt
Bane Malar
Cloud City Engineer

Vehicles/Starships (7)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Boba Fett In Slave I
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Dengar In Punishing One
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Executor

Interrupts (12)
Sense x3
Alter x3
Elis Helrot x2
Twi'lek Advisor x2
Sniper
You Are Beaten

Effects (7)
Presence Of The Force x2
Battle Order
There'll Be Hell To Pay
Expand The Empire
Secret Plans
Tatooine Occupation

Locations (5)
Tatooine
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Jutland Wastes
Tatooine Lars' Moisture Farm

Weapons (2)
Vader's Lightsaber
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

'

Strategy: '

READ THIS BEFORE YOU REVIEW

Start out like you would any game. Deploy, force drain, battle. Try to get out Expand The Empire on Lars' Moisture Farm (preferably) or put it on Jutland Wastes. This gives you a force drain +1 at three sites. Presence Of The Force on a few of those sites, and you can drain for 9 a turn at just three sites (Cantina, Lars' Farm, Jutland Wastes, with Expand The Empire on the middle one and Presence Of The Force on two of the sites). Put down your walkers at two of the sites, and add characters sparingly. Remember, you still need to have someone to go elsewhere when necessary. The force drains hurt, plus the opponent will take a loss from the objective (if they don't have anyone on Tatooine) and from the Occupation. Set up for a big battle against a sucker, and you've got the win bagged. Here's how it works against certain decks

VS Hidden Base
Start with Bad Feeling, as they are probably playing HB Mains and Toys. If you have to go to space, wait until they flip (if they do) and stack a couple ships. Just go do probing missions. If the deck is HB with X-Wing swarm, try to avoid space all together. After they flip, you can run suicide probe missions. Pull Battle Order against X-Wing Swarm, so you can slow down their drains. Secret Plans should hurt them, especially after a few turns of draining heavily (if you follow the Expand/Presence/Moisture Farm example given above, you should be able to take out about half of their deck in three turns, unless they've already flipped).

VS MWYHL
Start Bad Feeling to slow him, then get you're force drains going asap. If they're testing, drain for as much as you can before they pull off the first test. You can always load up a bunch of characters in Bossk's Bus and shuttle them down to Dagobah so you can show the muppet what's up. If you do that, it should break the deck and you can win. I can still pull off most of my Senses and Alters because the overall destiny in this deck is fairly low.

VS Profit
Start Bad Feeling here too. Use the Profit objective to get Mara and Cloud City Engineer to the Audience Chamber. First turn, convert the Audience Chamber and use that text to deploy Ephant Mon from my reserve deck. Watch out for mains, and stack up some characters in the Audience Chamber. Do the standard big drains outside. Might be a tough match against a good Profit deck.

VS Operatives
Start Battle Order. Park the Executor and maybe another ship at the Operative planet and add a Presence Of The Force so it makes it a Battleground (if they are playing a system that already has force icons on both sides, it's just a better drain for you). Set up the standard drains on Tatooine and add Occupation. Should be easy to win, but watch out for a suicide EPP Hit Squad (some decks have one copy of each main just for this).

I'm always looking to improve my decks, so if you review this, keep in mind that I don't want reviews saying,'put in Security Precautions, and 25 ships to stand up against HBX, and add the Hunt Down objective and RalOps objective, blah, blah...' I would also like to know what cards you think I should take out to make room for new ones.  '