---
layout: post
author: ! Tyler ""_WRAITH_"" Alexander
title: ! 'The Rops, Post D* 2'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-23
description: ! 'This deck Gets rid of the activation problem in Rops'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting  6
Rops
Ralltir
Prepared Defences
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Mobilization points

Locations  8
Carida x1
Endor x1
Sullust x1
Jungle x1
Swamp x1
Spaceport Docking Bay x1
Executor Docking Bay x1
Coruscant Docking Bay x1

Characters 15
Darth Vader Dark Lord of the Sith x2
Darth Vader with Saber x1
Tarkin x1
At-St pilot x3
Mara Jade x2
Colonel Davod Jon x1
Biker Scout trooper x1
Sergeant Wallen x1
Lieutenant Cabell x1
Officer Evax x1
DS-61-2 x1

Effects 4
Lateral Damage x1
Presence of the force x2
Battle Order

Interupts 7
Twi'lek Advisor
Overload x3
Imperial Barrier x3

Starships 11
Boba fett in Slave 1 x1
Bossk in Hounds tooth x1
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter x2
Dengar in punishing 1 x2
Death Squadrod Star Destroyer x2
Schythe Squadron Tie x3

Weapons  1
Mara Jade's Saber

Vehicles  8
Blizzard 2 x1
Speeder Bike x1
Tempest Scout 1 x1
Tempest Scout 2 x1
Tempest Scout 3 x1
Tempest Scout 4 x1
Tempest Scout 5 x1
Tempest Scout 6 x1




'

Strategy: '

The basic strategy in this deck is to get Imperial Decree started and your Objective Fliped Reducing your Opponents drains to almost Nothing.

On your first Turn search your deck and deploy carida and spaceport docking bay with Mobilization points and imperial arrest order.
Then seach your deck with the objective for the Biker Scout trooper and use the biker scout trooper to get The speeder Bike and deploy them at the Spaceport docking Bay. With the biker scout their you have a power of 4 imunity to attrition less than 4 and a forfeit of 7 making a beatdown almost impossible with ralltirs +2 deploy for all rebels and the space ports +1 Deploy for all pilots.  Then draw any extra force your opponent gave you.

On your second turn You will be activating 7 force + whatever else your opponentgives you + the force from any locations you got in your hand.	You then get a site with the objective and a docking bay with imperial arrest order depoy and At St for the next 2 turns for an easy 3rd turn flip.

You then get endor and a presence of the force for ralltir to get the two battle ground systems in Decree.

With the flipsides gametext and Zuckus in mist hunter you should be able to draw higher destinies then your opponent and you should be able to get rit of all x-wing cannons with the overloads.  And Dengar will be able to take care of swarm decks and lateral damage can take care of the super falcon. So controlling ralltir and endor should not be much of a problem.

If your opponent is devoting alot of resources to defeat you on the ground then you can use carida's game text to recycle The biker scout trooper and Sergeant Wallen for forfeit.  This makes it so all the overloads and starships arent useless if your opponent isnt attacking you in space.  The biker scout trooper forfeits for 4 on his bike and wallen forfeits for 5 with arrest order so they should be able to soak up all the attrition.

I included the other ability 2 scrubs because they all have forfeits of 6 or 7 and are pilots.	Cabbel also subtracts 1 from total battle destiny when with a leader.  And Davod jon  has a power of five and draws a destiny if not able to otherwise at an exterior site, but he isnt a pilot.

Scythe ties have an ability of 2, power of 2, forfeit 3, destiny of 4, and a deploy of 4, still they arent that bad deploy cost isnt really a problem with the deploy -2 at endor and they have a great destiny for a starship.  A scythe tie and bossk in hounds tooth or dengar in punishing can easily hold a system with almost no chance of beat down.

I think i got it all.'