---
layout: post
author: ! Andy "Solo337" McClure
title: ! 'Closed Environment Tech'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-20
description: ! 'Big drains and great fighting power give this deck the edge over any DS closed Ive seen. It converts Vader about 50% of the time. Ive experimented with a lot of LS Closed decks, and this is by far my favorite.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'
Locations (8)
Endor Chief Chirpa’s Hutt (s)
Endor Docking Bay (s)
Endor Dense Forest
Endor Rebel Landing Site
Endor Back Door
Endor Hidden Forest Trail
Home One War Room
Home One Docking Bay

Characters (28)
Jedi Luke x2 (s)
General Solo x3
COK x2
DOS x2
General Crix Madine
General Calrissian
Colonel Craken
Corporal Midge x2
Sgt Bruckman (Crix’s personal Bodyguard)
Corporal Beezer
Nien Numb
Lt. Blount
Corporal Kensaric
Wedge Antilles, RSL
Sgt. Brooks Carlson
Tycho Celchu
Major Olander Brit
Japenese Derek "Hobbie" Kilvin (one of the few Japenese cards in Closed)
Lt. Page
Orrimaarko
Wuta
Major Panno

Weapon (1)
Luke’s Lightsaber (s)

Interrupts (14)
Lost In The Wilderness
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Insertion Planning x2
I Know x2
Throw Me Another Charge x2
Rebel Leadership x2
Get Alongside That One x2
Take The Initiative
Grimtaash

Effects (5)
I Feel The Conflict (s)
Insurrection (s)
Staging Areas (s)
Strike Planning (s)
Honor Of The Jedi

Vehicles (3)
Speeder Bike x3

Objective
There Is Good In Him/ Who’s Your Daddy? '

Strategy: '

NOTE THIS IS A CLOSED ENVIRONMENT DECK

--Respose to reviews
BGKenobi I totally agree. I hate this objective in Open, but it is the only way to go in Closed. It is especially good against BHBM if they can’t draw their Vader (they have to lose 3 force per turn).

El-Diablo Thank you very much for a great example of a perfect review. I really appreciate a review like that which is fair, and gives reasons why I got 4 stars. I know how powerful Blount and Cracken can be in their ships, and Close Air Support is HUGE, but I have discovered that in Closed Environment, it is much harder to hang with the DS in space with just a few cards. I added it up, and to be competitive against a decent DS space deck, I would need to add about 10 (or more) cards, and switch one of my starting interuppts, which are all 3 important. In addition, if I put Wedge and a Rouge Squadron or General Calrissian and Nien Numb piloting in space, then I can’t use them on the ground to cancel a destiny and add a detiny respectively.

H20 You obviously haven’t played in any Closed Environment tournaments, or you wouldn’t be saying that, and I would have gotten a fair review.

Thanks everyone

End Response to reviews--


Just in case you’ve been living under a rock and don’t know what the Closed Environment is, it is a type of tournament in which ONLY Death Star 2 cards and Endor cards are allowed to be used, except cards specifically packed in the D*2 starter deck, like Hobbie.

I’ve done lots of experimenting in Closed Environment, and originally I hated There Is Good In Him, because you lose you most powerful character. However, I’ve discovered that about 60% or more of the DS decks are BHBM, so you’re going to lose your best character anyway. So why not make them pay for capturing Luke?

First off, for people who haven’t played in the Closed Environment, it is a lot of fun, but there aren’t a whole lot of deck options. LS decks are almost always Scouts, quite often using There Is Good In Him. But what I am going to talk about briefly is the dominant DS decks, namely the decks I’m trying to beat with the decks. Most DS decks are BHBM, using either Royal Guards and Force Pikes (THEY ROCK) or AT-STs and AT-ST Dual Cannons. Besides that, there is a LOT of Aratech Corp. Speeder Bikes with Biker Scouts and Speeder Bike Cannons and Scout Blasters. Endor Operations is seldom used, because Ominous Rumors is SO hard to keep on table. Any way you slice it, most DS decks use a TON of weapons, because there are so many good ones. This deck has great counters for most of the DS decks out there.

I don’t play any space, because I have discovered that playing space takes a lot more cards in Closed than it does in Open, so it is much harder to compete on just a few card slots. If they are staying in space, I can outdrain them (even if they have Chirneau), and if they are splitting forces space and groud, I can usually win 3 or 4 battles on the ground, therefore converting Vader and winning the game. As long as they don’t know you aren’t using any starships, they have to protect their space to prevent a beatdown, and then you can set up giant drains with Midge.

Now I’ll go over some cards what certain cards do, and why I play them.

Get Alongside That One- Used Interrupt destiny 4
It adds a destiny when your Speeder Bike is being piloted by a Scout. That is AWESOME, because I have at least 3 great Scout pilots, and 3 Speeder Bikes, so it isn’t hard to add a destiny.
The second use is even better against Speeder Bike decks. If you and the opponent have a piloted vehicle with Manuver, you draw a destiny and add your vehicle’s manuver (which is 5). Your opponent draws destiny. If your destiny plus your vehicle’s manuver (5) is greater than just your opponent’s destiny, they lose their Vehicle. This use is HUGE against Speeder Bike cannons. Since you get to target which Speeder Bike they lose, you can easily take out their cannons and make the Biker Scout walk.

Rebel Leadership- Used Interrupt destiny 4
Most people should know what this card does. If you’re General is in a battle at a stie (which is almost every battle in this deck), you can either add a battle destiny, or prevent your opponent from drawing more than one Battle destiny. I’m sure you can all see the power of this card combined with General Solo. They only get 1 Battle Destiny, and you can cancel it. Now if you battle Sim Aloo, The Emperor, and a Royal guard with a Pike, and Myn Kneugh with a pike, instead of drawing 4 battle destinies, they get none

Throw Me Another Charge- Used Interrupt destiny 6
This card is SO important for this deck. The power in this deck combined with such an easily cycleable 6 destiny makes converting Vader a CINCH If Vader is not with the Emperor, all you need to do is win 3 battles. Then you play this card at the end of your opponent’s turn. Now it is the bottom card of your reserve deck. Then you activate all the cards in your reserve deck, except one. Then you convert Vader, and win the game

Insertion Planning- Used Interrupt destiny 6
6 destiny used interrupt with 2 great uses. Most of you should know what it does and why it is in the deck, but let me illustrate the power of the second use. The second use says that whenever a DS character aboard an open vehicle (a Speeder Bike) moves to your Scout’s site, draw destiny. If destiny +2 is greater than target’s ability, the target returns to opponent’s hand. This is great to prevent Reacts from participating in battles, but think about this. If you have Kensaric and Cracken at a site, and you return a Biker Scout, to re-deploy the biker scout it will cost 3 or 4 force, and they have to lose a force thanks to Cracken.

Lost In The Wilderness-
This card is huge to make Vader or the Emperor go missing. I’ve been considering adding a second Lost In The Wilderness, because it is an awesome card.

All the scouts do cool things, so I won’t say exactly what they do, but I’ll give a little synopsis of why I play each one. If you don’t know what they do, look it up

Panno- I usually have plenty of generation, but for an added boost Panno rocks. He is also VERY useful with Olander Brit.

Wuta- Pulls sites from reserve and deploys free from reserve with COK

Lt. Page- This guy is a beating All scouts deploy -1 to same site, so he just sets up the beats. In addition, if he is with 2 other scouts he adds 1 to EACH of battle destiny draws, and quite often in this deck I can get 2, 3 or 4 destiny, so he really racks up the power and attrition

Brooks Carlson- Makes my scouts move cheap

You should be able to figure out the rest.

This deck also has some awesome combos

#1 Olander Brit and Panno Add a destiny together.
Crix can pull Panno from reserve deck.

#2 General Calrissian and Nien Numb Add a destiny together and I can pull Lando with Strike Planning.

#3 Wedge and either Tycho or Hobbie Cancel a battle destiny together. All 3 also make excellent pilots for my speeder bikes.

The rest of the deck should be pretty straight forward, but I will descibe what should be done the first few turns with this deck.

1st turn
Pull Crix with Strike Planning. If you get 5 force, deploy the Home One Docking Bay with Crix there. Pull Sgt. Bruckman and deploy him with Crix so Crix won’t die. NOTE DO NOT DEPLOY CRIX ALONE, AS HE IS THE CENTERPIECE TO THIS DECK. MAKE SURE HE HAS SOME FORFEIT FODDER WITH HIM AT ALL TIMES Use your last force to move Luke towards the Landing Platform. If you have less than 5 force, wait to deploy Crix, and just move Luke toward the Landing Platform. YOUR FIRST PRIORATY IS TO GET LUKE CAPTURED OR TO THE LANDING PLATFORM

From then on, just remember to get a scout every turn with Crix, and win battles when you can.

Against Aratech corp. stick Midge and Cracken in Chief Chirpa’s Hutt as early as possible. Cracken makes them lose a force every time they deploy a Scout, and Midge will add to Force Drains at exterior locations.


That should be about it I hope the strategy section wasn’t too redundant, but a lot of people may not know how the Closed Environment works.

Hope you enjoy-

Andy

'