---
layout: post
author: ! J "Zorn" C
title: ! "Court Of Zorn"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-13
description: ! "Court and Tatooine Occ.  Acts somewhat like a hunt down without dueling.  It is very versatile, and has a very good winning streak."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective Court

Locations

JP
JP audience chamber
JP dungeon
Tatooine great pit of carkoon
Coruscant Docking Bay
Executor Docking Bay
Kashyyk System
Tatooine System
Death Star
Cloud City Security Tower

Characters

Vader w/stick
DVLOTS x 2
Darth Vader
Tarkin x 2
Mara Jade
Jabba The Hutt
Cloud City Engineer
Lt. Pol Treidom
Brangus Glee
4-Lom with Concussion Rifle
Boelo
Bane Malar
Vader's Saber x2
Mara's Saber

Starships

Executor
Bosk In Hounds’ Tooth
Zuckess In Mist Hunter
Boba Fett In Slave 1
IG-88 In IG2000

Interupts

Sense x3
Alter x2
I Have You Now
Vader’s Eye
Moment Of Triumph
Charming To The Last
Projective Telepathy ( very good card)
Sniper
T’wilek Advisor
Any Methods Nescessary
Tortue x2
Boring Conversation Anyway

Effects

Presence Of The Force x 2
Security Precautions
Secret Plans
Battle Order
Tatooine Occupation
First Strike
Reator Terminal
Come Here You Big Coward
Bad Feeling Have I

Creatures

Bubbo '

Strategy: '

Allright, this is long and in depth...

Against...

---Obi’s Hutt and Tosche Station.  (This deck should win)...

Start with Bad Feeling Have I with Twilek.
Search for Alien (Jabba), then for a docking bay
Pick up the two other cards.  Chances are good you might get Vader or at least an ability
4 alien.
Turn two, search for the other docking bay, deploy an alien/vader to the tosche station
but don’t battle if you have a destiny adder, and because you are canceling their game
text at tosche station, and draining at audience chamber, they’ll be forced to battle you.
Most people aren’t prepared for destiny adders except for I have you now.
Continue to pick up cards and play for control of the toshe station.  Save projective
telepathy for beat-down protection at the audience chamber.  Everyone I have play has
fallen victim to that card. It is such a great card (see soon my arcticle on the card).

---Against Profit...  (This is a good game, but it should still win)

Start with the cloud city engineer and Jabba The Hutt  (use cloud city engineer’s ability
right after activating 2 force.  Start with Bad Feeling Have I.  Search for Boelo to deploy
to audience chamber, then search for a docking bay.  Don’t deploy mara since she’s an
imperial and there are cards that could cause you problems (such as Elom beat downs
etc...) plus you need to deploy her saber with her and leave force behind in case of draw
their fire. (you might want to projective telepathy)  After your turn 1, they are activating
4 force so don’t deploy tatooine systems or kashyk system or POF’s.

---Against Ops (You should win)

Start the same way as Tosche Station but with Battle Order.  There are lots of ability 4
aliens, mara, and vader to beat down ops.  Plus they are losing force to not deploying to
Tatooine.  You should be picking up lots of cards to find First Strike, Reactor Terminal,
Tatooine system, Kashykk system, and Tatooine Occupation.

---Against Hidden Base	(should be relitively easy win)

Deploy Jabba, then docking bay, start with security precautions and try to get battle order
as quick as possible.  Control tatooine till they flip; they ‘ll be force to because of the
pof/sabers drains and not deploying to tatooine. Once they flips, search for Bobba Fett
and start probing.  Use Executor to probe systems.  Zuckess, IG In IG2000 and Bosk In
Ship are used for beat downs.  Watch it when deploying zuckess, he is low power; an
x-wing beat down could be harsh.  It is generally an easy game unless the “fake” a hidden
base.

---Against “fake” HB (good game, will be close)

Be careful  Start like you would against a normal hidden base but if they keep
deploying non-battleground systems then beware  Load audience chamber with Jabba,
Boelo, Mara, and Brangus Glee, carkoon pit with vader, tarkin, 4-Lom and Bane Malar.
Get Bad Feeling Have I out quickly, and Tatooine Occupation quickly too.

---Against Mind What You Have Learned ( hasn’t lost against this deck yet)

Start Bad Feeling Have I, search for Jabba, docking bay.  Get Tatooine Occupation going
quickly and use the POFs for to drain at audience chamber and pit of carkoon.  They will
have to get yoda out first turn and start Jedi Testing = losing for quickly from drain at
audience chamber, lose of force due to not having deployed to tatooine battleground and
quick saber drains too.  By the time they complete all their Jedi Tests, usually they have
nothing left so, you should be able to win without too much difficulty.

If they test only to JT #2, don’t spread out as much, get Kashyyk, Tatooine  and T. Occ.
out then hold your ground.  Just control audience chamber,  you can still potentially drain
there for 4 if you have sabers and pof.  It should be a good and close game.

---Finally, against Nudj/Revo

This is an interesting game, very difficult to play against but it should be close.  Start
with Any Methods Nescessary and get Bane Malar and Security Tower out.	Deploy Jabba
on your first turn but be careful, if you pick up Bubbo then deploy ‘em to fight nudjs.
Search for docking bays, you shouldn’t in any way get force choked on the second, or
third turn.  Look for Death Star and Jabba’s Palace (they are imune to revo.).  Look for
alters (and sense to back them up) to get rid of the revos on docking bays and security
tower.
Mara also is good against this type of deck.  Deploy her to fights nudjs and drain
but have a projective telepathy and some senses to protect her.
You can also use pof’s to
deploy to Yavin.
Protect the audience chamber, don’t spread out.  Get Tatooine Occ going.	Drain in space  There are plenty of ships and there is Kashyyk and Tatooine, plus a pof or 2 if nescessary.  This is a good game.

Notes on cards.

All the effects are absolutely necessary.
POFs get around nudj/revo, obi’s hutt, and JT #1
Sense can cancel clash of sabers, organized attack and anything else that is annoying
(surprise assault, though many of my character aren’t really affect for example vader x 4)
Alter for barganing table, bacta tank, savrip etc...
Projective telepathy because it is so good in the early game and in the end game.
Bubbo, Treidum and Sniper for spies.
Most of my characters are immune to some attrition
With 4-Lom and destiny adders, and sabers, Obi and mains are easy to kill
Tortures for odds
Projective telepathy for anger fear aggression
Boring Conversation Anyway for cancelling destiny adders, surprise assault
Any Methods nessary not only for it’s starting effect but for it’s activation of one, draw
their fire is no longer a problem for surprise beat-downs.

Note On deck.

This deck kind of acts like a hunt down in terms of deploying to tatooine or lose a force. I
through in Tatooine Occ. though for something different.  It can handle space, ground,
and deal direct damage.

Overall, this decks is great, it didnt lose in the GenCon qualifier Tourney in Vancouver
recently. So far, since its creation, it has only lost 2 games out of many.

Have fun
'