---
layout: post
author: ! Jessie "JedTech" Bartolome
title: ! " Unique  Hidden Base"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-02-09
description: ! "Simple, matter of fact, taken at face value Hidden Base with no gimmicks."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Opening Setup
Hidden Base (Obj)
Rendezvous Point (Sys)
The Signal (Starting Int)
Rebel Fleet (Eff)
Alderaan (HB/Sys)

Systems
Tatooine
Dantooine
Rallitir
Alderaan
Anoat
Hoth
Kashyyyk
Ord Mantell
Kessel

Site
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber

Immediate Effect
A Gift

Used/Lost Interrupt
Organized Attack

Effects
Traffice Control
S-foils
Haven
Docking and Repair Facilities
Wise Advice

Lost Interrupts
Control x2

Used Interrupts
A Few Maneuvers
Hyperescape
It Could Be Worse
Out of Commission
Star Destroyer

Starships
Mon Calamari Star Cruiser x3
Spiral
Red 7
Red 10
B-wing Attack Fighter x2
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Gold Squadron Y-wing x2
Red Leader in Red 1
Red Squadron X-wing x2

Droid
Artoo

Aliens
Figrin D'an
Devaronian
Leslomy Tacema
Harc Seff
Debnoli
Melas

Rebels
Derek 'Hobbie' Klivian
Commander Wedge Antilles
Hol Okand
Lieutenant Lepira
Romas 'Lock' Navander
Theron Nett
Elyhek Rue
Ryle Torsyn
Colonel Feyn Gospic
Jeroen Webb '

Strategy: '

(Hi  I would suggest you actually build this deck first, play it, then review it cause the human element is also part of this deck.)

Basically, you take out all your systems, deploy your ships and drain once the HB is flipped.  As for probing, block your opponent as much as possible, but once your Hidden Base is found, use 'It Could Be Worse' to get rid of the force loss from Security Precautions.  As for Battle Order, I don't take it as much of a threat as a hindrance.  It doesn't really matter, since you're primary mission will be to start deploying so its not reall much of a problem in the early game.  When it does become a problem, adapt as much as you can, perhaps adding Battle Plan to this deck for it (didn't add it cause i don't have one).	Notice Artoo, A Gift and the Audience Chamber.	This is for those decks out there that are using those ECC/EJP starships out there.  Just deploy artoo at a starship orbiting Tatooine, shuttle him down and deploy A gift.  Also, notice that you can increase your force drains at Kashyyyk, Anoat, Dantooine, Rallitir and Ord Mantell by one thanks to the special edition pilots which are included in this deck.	Also, despite having no weapons, the aliens included in this deck are formidable on the ground and can help in cancelling dark deal for those CC decks, while providing a great ground force (plus the rebels) against basic ground decks.  Most of the starships have permanent pilots so you don't have to staff them with pilots for them to keep the peace in space.  Figrin D'an is also your primary 'fail-safe.' He can help retrieve force when you lose a particularly important card.  Out of Commision and Hyperspace are primarily defensive cards with destinies (OoC for tractor beams, Hyperspace for escaping from hopeless battles).  Star Destroyer is also useful especially if you're opponent is playing a space deck and Organized Attack is for your battles.  Also, you want to get S-Foils and Docking and Repair Facilities out as soon as possible so you can pump your fighters and recycle any that can get scrapped.  Haven is also important, especially at Hoth where it can reduce the costs of you MC80s.  Jeroen Webb can help get you ships where they can't deploy immediately while Lock can prevent your opponent's reacts. '