---
layout: post
author: Jamie "JEEBS" Giberti
title: 'The Ayatolla of Rock N Rolla Returns'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-11
description: ! 'or Darth Vader, Dark Lord of The Sith as he is better known'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting

Hunt Down and Destroy The Jedi
Epic Duel
Visage of The Emperor
Executor Holotheatre
Executor Meditation Chamber
Prepared Defenses
Crush The Rebellion
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order (9)

Locations

Gall
Executor Docking Bay
Death Star 2 Docking Bay
Death Star 2 Throne Room
Yavin 4 Docking Bay
Hoth Docking Bay (6)

Effects

No Escape
Oppressive Enforcement
Emperor’s Power
Security Precautions
Search and Destroy
2 x Visage Of The Emperor
Imperial Decree (8)

Weapons

2 x Vader’s Lightsaber
Mara’s Lightsaber (3)

Starships

Boba Fett In Slave 1
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Executor
Chimaera (4)

Characters

Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Lord Vader
2 x Darth Vader
2 x Grand Moff Tarkin
2 x Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Emperor Palpatine
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Iggy with Riot Gun
Dannik Jerrico
Dr Evazan (14)

Interrupts

2 x Vader’s Obcession
2 x The Circle Is Now Complete
2 x Focused Attack
2 x I Have You Now
Weapon Levitation
2 x Imperial Barrier
2 x Counter @$$ault
Sniper
Masterful Move (16)
'

Strategy: '

This is the second version of my fun Hunt Down dueling deck. Usual HD start, No Escape can be exchanged for Crush if you want, I prefer Crush, to get I have you Now out. Get Gall straight away, and get the ds2 docking bay for good early generation. Gall is better than Rendilli cos I traded my dominator + it lets you get to dagobah. If you get it in your starting 8 then u can pull the executor Basically then go and battle the opponent wherever they are. The destiny is this deck is fantastic, so attrition will get the if the lightsabers dont(all the zeros apart from 1 can be pulled out). Weapon Lev is fantastic (Props to Peter Di Biasio for showing me that one), nicking Jedi Lukes saber is especially good, reducing his power, immunity and defense value, thats sweetI have you now will lay the smack down. Emperors Power is a nice extra, though not necessary. Janus Greejatus is god, the man is the most tech card ever printed, makes reactor terminal almost unneccessary (but still worth having). There is a wide range of characters to avoid the OOC situation where in the event Vader dies, u have other characters to work with.

*Changes From Last Time*

Y4/Hoth Docking Bays
As the Brahma Bull and a couple of other suggested, with these I can do decree, plus I can pull them out.

Gall I already mentioned

Executor
Perfect for HB cos of the immunity

Boba Fett in Slave 1
Same as executor

Imperial Decree
Stops EBO cold. Hurts HB drainers, and any other kind of heavy drain deck (inlcuding my cantina deck ()

Dannik Jerrico
That Obi Wan Bothering you? Hit him, and just say the words eat his soup and hes gone, bloody marvelous

Sniper It should have been left in in the first place. Take out boussh, TK-422 extra, or good for laying smack down on a ben/wedge pairing. Snip Ben, and Wedge is in a world of pain.


VS Profit

HD is Profits worst opponent, its nearly always kills it. Start Mara and Boba or Dr E, and U can bring vader First turn thanks to the 2 force they give you. Control the AC, beat down anything they send your way. Ancearly frustration might make them lose a crucial card (an extra han maybe). if they do flip, send the squad after Han, nick him with Iggy, or just kill him. Easy win

VS Tat Mains

they normally pack 3 Luke and 3 Ben, so if you can eliminate them with Epic Duels, then they wont have that much left to have a go with. Epic dueling Luke with Mara is probably safer, just in case you fear the worst (or do it with untracked destiny). Emperor, Sim, and Janus can lay some beats down too if neccessary.

VS TIGIH

Interesting. For God sake, dont let them win more than 2 battles, Keep your forces in groups or you will be asking for it big time.Keep Luke with the ’Ayatolla’ at all costs. Then drain them out or beat down the remaining characters.

VS Throne Room Mains

See Tat Mains. Start No Escape so you deploy cheap on yavin and start draining there.

VS Dagobah

Spread out and drain. Occupy 3 Battlegrounds so Visage Hurts Them. By The Time they flip, it shou,d be nearly over. If this is big near you, pull Evader and put in CHYBC.

VS HB

Go about it as normal, then when they flip, probe them and do some damage. Will be tough, but is still there to be won, .... or lost. May come down to the draw.  Decree has been added along with ships with greater immunity to combat this. wll be easier than before, but still probably the toughest match.

In general , this deck will lay down smack on most things. Considering Ralops, will never,eeeeeeeeeeeeevvvvvvvveeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrr be the same, again, HD will once again rise to the top DS deck (well maybe) )


Thanks for reading, and Have Fun Using, Jamie Giberti

'