---
layout: post
author: Michael "Gilliatt" Raveling
title: 'Imperial Command BHBM'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-16
description: 'This is the deck I used at Worlds.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting(8):
BHBM
DS2: Throne Room
Your Destiny
Insig Rebellion
Mob Points
Secret Plans
Imp. AO
Prepared Defences

Locations(7):
Endor Dark Forest
Endor Forest Clearing
Hoth Defensive Perimeter
Kashyyk
DS2 Docking Bay
Coruscant DB
Executer DB

Ships(2):
Executer
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Characters(16):
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral Chiraneau
General Veers
General Tagge
Ds-181-3
Captain Godherdt
Mara Jade X 2
Lord Vader X 2
Sim Aloo X 2
U-3P0
Emperor Palpatine
IG-88 w Riot Gun
4-Lom w Concussion Rifle

Effects(4):
Emperor’s Power
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward
Hell To Pay

Interrupts(23):
Imperial Command X 6
Sense X 3
Alter X 2
Operational As Planned X 2
Imperial Barrier X 2
Projective Telepathy X 2
Rise My Friend X 2
Thinking With Your Stomach X 2
Its Worse
Imperial Code Cylinder 

Strategy: 

Update: Out goes It’s Worse and in goes No Escape.
I will start with a short walk through of the first couple of turns...

Pre-First Turn:  Pull the Executer and Emperors Power.	The Executer will be your space defence and you get to start with it because of Mob Points.  If you have an Imperial Command in your opening 8 cards then use it to grab Ozzel or Veers.

First Turn: Every BHBM has roughly the same first turn.  Get out DS2 Docking Bay and put the Emperor there.  Deploy Emperors Power.  If you have Ozzel than put him at Executer DB so that you get maximum force generation.  You can always move Ozzel to the Executer when you deploy that ship.

Subsequent turns:  Now you have several routes to go and it depends on the deck you are facing.  If you suspect a heavy ground attack then pull the Generals with Imperial Command and start on the ground.  If you are facing space then pull the Admirals and wait.  I will run down the various light side decks and what to do vs them.

TIGIGH:  Vs this deck type you need to draw an Always Thinking with Your Stomach.  Use the game text of IAO every turn to look for a docking bay and your Vaders.  Once you get Stomach then make Luke missing.  If Luke is Missing then Your Destiny still makes the light side lose 3 and the dark side never needs to flip the objective.  Flipping the objective is actually a bad thing to do with BHBM because the dark side loses 1 every turn.	If you can get Luke to be Missing with Stomach then you don’t need to face that
possibility and you can use Your Destiny for the whole game.  TIGIH starts Luke and then gives him an exterior site so that he sets himself up perfectly for Stomach.  So once Luke is missing put all of your guys on that site and sit there.  The light side has to try to rescue Luke.

PROFIT:  Vs this deck type you have two huge advantages.  Capturing Luke automatically takes away one of the Light sides most powerful characters.  If you can make Han missing with Stomach than the light side cannot drain at all.  This deck should walk all over a Profit deck because most of the light side mains will be gone.	Having Veers and Tagge with an Imperial Command is big against the profit deck because if the light gets off an I Know you can reduce the number of destinies down to 1.  Focus on the ground vs profit and you will win.

Any deck w Super Falcon:  Super Falcon is dead versus the Executer, Ozzel, and Imperial Command combo.	Using 6 Imperial Commands insures that you will have one every turn vs the Super Falcon and can deal with 2 to 3 turns strait of multiple destiny draws even when the Imperial Command is grappled.  This deck once had 4 Imperial Commands sitting on Push On Us versus the super Falcon and still played another one to finally kill Captain Han off.

Dagobah Training:  Vs this deck type this BHBM has some problems, but they are not insurmountable.  There is no way for it to get huge drains fast enough to kill dagobah train before it trains up to test 5.	However, in all those turns you should be able to sit up a huge force at each of your sites and get the Executer ready to deploy against the Super Falcon.  Having Lord Vader and Veers together at a site means 3 destinies.  Late in the game your reserve should be all 4s and 5s as well.  I included the 2 Projective Telepathies to hurt the Dagobah decks who use a lot of AFAs.

Hidden Base or any space deck:	Vs this deck type hold onto the Executer until the opponent makes his move.  Move the Emperor to the Throne Room before any deployment of the Executer.  Always have 2 Imperial Commands ready when you finally put the Executer down so that you can battle on your turn and then defend on the Light side turn.  If the Super Falcon gets 2 lucky destiny draws then your whole space fleet is gone.	Dont let that happen.

Some of my card choices:
No Granus Greejatus???	I included the 2 Operational as Planned to do basically the same thing.  Plus vs Frozen Assets you can put a card on top to still play Imperial Command vs First Strike.
Only 2 Lord Vaders???  Believe it or not this BHBM does not count on getting Vader out very fast.  If your opponent deploys Luke early in the game than Thinking with Your STomach is much more important to draw than a Vader.  Dont try to flip BHBM if you dont need to. Losing 1 force a turn sucks and should be avoided.	Having said that, if your opponent is not going to do put Luke out then just deploy Vader and see what happens.  Its always possible your opponent will not deploy Luke and make you flip your objective.  The worst thing you can have is a Luke/w Saber that chops up your characters and then just gets
redeployed on the next turn to repeat.
Imperial Code Cylinder??  This card is like Bith Shuffle with a peak in the opponents reserve to boot.	It is destiny 4 which is good but not the best.  Look in the opponents reserve at any time because the Emperor is always at a scomp link.  Look for number of SAC.  Number of Ships.  Number of mains.	Note if they have an It Could Be Worses so that you dont ditch Its Worse
only to be surprised later on.

One tip.  Dont leave Ozzel sitting at the Executer docking bay all game.
You’re asking to get pasted.

-Michael Raveling


