---
layout: post
author: ! Keith "Tessek-CPA" Henderson
title: ! 'Death Star Plans Cycling'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-03-26
description: ! 'A numbers deck that can retrieve Death Plans in a single turn. It uses high destiny cards to maximize retrieval amounts.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations 7
Yavin 4 Massassi Throne Room -SL
Yavin 4  Docking Bay -SL
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Death Star Detention Block Corridor
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Spaceport Docking Bay x2

Characters 10
R4-E1
8D8
Bothan Spy x2
ASP-707 x2
Momaw Nadon
Artoo
R2-D2
R-3PO

Vehicles 11
Rebel Snowspeeders x5
Ronto x2
Patrol Craft
Lift Tube x3

Weapons 3
Ewok Catapult x3

Effects 14
Never Tell Me The Odds x3
Aim High
Maneuvering Flaps
A Gift
Death Star Plans x3
Revolution
What Are You Tryin To Push On Us?
Insurrection - SE
Battle Plan
Goo Nee Tay

Interrupts 15
Transmission Terminated x2
Dont Forget The Droids x2
Lift Tube Escape x2
Effective Repairs
How Did We Get Into This Mess? X4
Fallen Portal
The Signal - SI
Rebel Barrier
Surprise Assault
'

Strategy: '

I took the main idea for this deck from Asselins RTP deck.
I start out with the Throne Room to give me a first move start and use Careful Planning to get my Y4 docking bay out. As soon as I can, I put a droid at the Yavin 4 docking bay to let me use the scomp link access to use the How Did We Get Into This Mess? to cycle through my deck to get the cards I want to deploy. The cards I look for are the Death Star docking bay , Detention Block Corridor, either a Ronto or Patrol Craft, and two lift tubes. Once these are in place, I am set up to get Death Star plans in one turn.

Because of the high destinies of my character cards I use Never Tell Me The Odds as often as possible.

I try to get a ASP-707 at the Endor Docking Bay to deploy Ewok Catapults to set up a 7 destiny draw before either a battle or a Death Star Plans retrieval.

R-3PO is there to  deploy against ISB agents or other spies. The Bothan Spies and Momaw Nadon are there for canceling Visage or using the Bothans to add to a higher Death Star plan retrieval.

Against Ops and ISB I get Battle Plan out ASAP.

Aim High is to slow down DS retrieval.

Maneuvering Flaps is there to boost my snowspeeders power. I try to deploy them in strength at one location for a big battle. An ASP-707 deployed just before them can let me put all of them down for free. I usually try to deploy a droid on a couple of the speeders to use Dont Forget The Droids as forfeit fodder.

Surprise Assault is a nasty card when you consider my average destiny draw ,after deploying the locations, is a 4.3.  With a seven placed from the ASP-707, I usually get at least 15-18 cards retrieved from Death Star Plans.
'