---
layout: post
author: ! John "Crash Beedo" Arendt
title: ! "Beedo s Bespin Occu@#$%"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-01-18
description: ! "This is a power Occupation of Cloud City."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective
This Deal is Getting Worse...(ECC Dark)

Locations (All Cloud City)
Bespin
Bespin Cloud City
Casino
Docking Bay
Downtown Plaza
Port Town District
Upper Walkway

Characters
Admiral Ozzel
Cmmdr Desanne
Cmmdr Igar
Cmmdr Nemet
Darth Vader with Saber x 2
DS 61 2
DS 61 3
DS 61 4
Grand Moff Tarkin
Lt Arnet
Lt Cabbel
Officer Evax
Reserve Pilot

Starships
Black 2
Black 4
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Dengar in Punishing One
Dreadnaught x 2
Executor x 2
OS 71 1
OS 72 2
Vader's Personal Shuttle
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Vehicles
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Scout 1
Blizzard Walker x 2
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 6

Effects
Battle Order
Bespin Occupation
Crush the Rebellion
Dark Deal
Imperial Arrest Order
Lateral Damage
Oppressive Enforcement
Resistance
Search and Destroy
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell to Pay

Interrupts
Dark Maneuvers
Omni Box
Shocking Revelation
Tallon Roll x 2
Twilek Advisor x 3 '

Strategy: '

Whew - its been ages since I posted to the archive - my original account as Crash Beedo was wiped out during some maintenance (along with my submissions) but its time to start up again.  This deck is a departure from some of the Yavin 4 Ocu@#$% decks that were doing well last year.  It takes advantage of the new Objective's ability to let you pull everything you need from the Reserve deck as well as Crush the Rebellion to protect against EPP multiple destinies.

The Set Up
Start with the Upper Walkway (-1 drain, good gametext for dark), Secret Plans, Twilek and Oppressive Enforcement.  Bespin and Bespin CC come out of the Reserve quickly to improve generation, and the Arrest Order will pull the docking bay if a second site isn't drawn quickly enough to get the Occupation running.  The key components are getting Arrest Order in play for the forfeit benefits, and Crush the Rebellion (CTR) to protect against destiny adder beatdown.  The heavy blue component with low deploy / high forfeit pilots gives this deck a defensive mind set.  Unlike versatile decks that always go to the opponent, this deck tries to create a strong pull to bring the opponent to Cloud City.

Against Hidden Base
While this deck generally doesn't require flipping the Objective, against Hidden Base it is advantageous to deploy Dark Deal because it should coerce the Hidden Base player to flip their Objective, allowing the Executor/probe card/ Security Precautions lock on Bespin (protecting the Occupation).  Occupation and Search and Destroy are punishing to decks that cannot come to the ground.  Judiciously use the Tallon Rolls / Lateral Damage to take control of Bespin CC.

Against MWYHL
Search and Destroy and Occupation are sufficient to derail training.  The fact that JT 1 gets rid of the Deal drain bonus should be irrelevant.

Mains and Beats
Big Blue, immunity, high forfeit, and protection from weapons.	There are strategies that will still smash damage through - Jedi Presence /Don't Understimate Our Chances.  Hopefully you can see it coming and play smart.

Card Choices
This deck should not be too vulnerable to SAC, thus the Oppressive Enforcement start.  Most of the key effects are immune to Alter.  Don't overdeploy the Immune to Alter effects; it severely dips into differential (ie, how many games will you need Resistance?)  I like Omni Box / Bith Shuffle these days because the prevalence of trackable destinies (and counting skills) is increasing in the SWCCG community, and it helps with the immunity of the Walkers.  Tallon Roll is an interrupt that has diminished in play frequency but works well in this kind of deck.  It can strengthen control of Bespin CC, get rid of Landing Claws (like when an Operative deck does the cheesy landing claw trick to get around your Battle Order) and it can take down the super-Falcon when combined with Lateral Damage.

Three cards that could easily be substituted for personal preference  a second Hell to Pay, Masterful Move and Shut Him Up Shut Him Down.  If the Savrip or Bacta Tank are prevalent in your play area, I would consider adding those two interrupts as Savrip and Tank diminish the effectiveness of Big Blue, allowing light to take advantage of their character's monster forfeit.

That's it - hope you enjoyed the deck '