---
layout: post
author: ! Andy "Awexstten" Wexstten
title: ! "Where can we hunt down some sabacc?"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-08
description: ! 'This is a Hunt Down deck on Cloud City that uses Sabacc as well as the standard HD methods.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'HDsabacc.deck - Wed Mar 08 201627 2000

Starting (6)
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe
Epic Duel
Visage Of The Emperor
Executor Holotheatre
Executor Meditation Chamber
Any Methods Necessary (Security Tower, CC Boba Fett, Boba Fett in Slave I)

Locations (9)
Cloud City Casino  x3
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Cloud City Security Tower
Cloud City Upper Walkway
Cloud City West Gallery
Coruscant
Dagobah Cave

Characters (14)
CC Boba Fett
Darth Vader With Lightsaber x2
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith  x2
Grand Moff Tarkin  x2
Lando Calrissian  x2
Lobot
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand	x2
IG-88 With Riot Gun

Vehicles (2)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Starships (3)
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts (18)
A Real Hero
Cloud City Sabacc  x4
Evader
Focused Attack
It's Worse
Masterful Move
Monnok
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
The Circle Is Now Complete  x2
Torture  x2
Trample
Vader's Obsession  x2

Effects (5)
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward
Crush The Rebellion
Reactor Terminal
There'll Be Hell To Pay

Weapons (3)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber  x2
'

Strategy: '

Well there you have it. This deck has done well for me, although it hasn't seen tourney play (like all of my decks because I don't get out to tourneys that often). I'm not sure if mixing Sabacc with Hunt Down has been done or is even a good idea, but I like Sabacc and I like Hunt Down, so there P

Here are some notes on cards that may not seem useful on the surface

The walkers are in for protection against Lost In The Wilderness, which is a card commonly used against me. They also augment the shortage of characters.

A Real Hero-gets Lobot from Reserve (Used), or gets you 2 extra battle destiny with Lando or the ability to cancel an opponent's battle destiny. Combine with Tarkin (cancels w/Vader) and Crush The Rebellion (opponent draws no more than 2 battle destiny at mobile sites) for extra fun ) I should probably put in another of these, but I can't find room.

Any Methods Necessary-I just KNOW that people are going to question this...my only defense is that it gets the Security Tower which gets your Lando out early and Boba to back him up or BFiS1 against space decks.

and finally, the Sabacc...I have read a couple people's thoughts on Sabacc being an underrated strategy, and I must agree...especially with Lando at the Casino, he can add or subtract 1 from your total and retrieves 3 Force when you win. Plus if your opponent draws more cards for their hand to beat you, then if you win you get to see more of their deck plus pick a card to be lost or stolen. Played early and often enough, this could potentially get anti-HD cards like Glancing Blow/Courage and maybe TT out of their hands before they can use them.

Also, since the deck has the same start every time, and I don't get much experience against different deck types, I feel that I can't provide a list of how to beat certain LS decks. Your basic strategy is just to get Lando and Vader out early to play Sabacc and duel, respectively, and then play according to the deck you're facing. I know that this is probably not detailed enough for some of you, and I apologize for that, but like I mentioned before, I don't get to go to many tourneys so I can't be more detailed.

Enjoy

'