---
author: Chuck "Sonn" Sonnenburg
title: 'Freezer Burn 1.0'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-01-15
description: 'Carbon Chamber Testing.  Freeze the rebel, then send it too his largeness via UPS.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting(5)
Carbon Chamber Testing/My Favorite Decoration
Cloud City: Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City: Security Tower
Carbonite Chamber Console
Twi'lek Advisor

Locations(6)
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94
Cloud City: East Platform
Kashyyyk
Endor
Kiffex

Characters(20)
Jabba the Hutt
Mara Jade x2
Jodo Kast x2
Ugloste x2
Ugnaught x3
Bane Malar
Sergeant Merril
Boelo
Ortugg
Pote Snitkin
Rappertunie
Ree-Yees
Lyn Me
Outer Rim Scout
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle

Creatures(1)
Bubo

Starships(9)
Bossk in Hounds Tooth x2
Boba Fett in Slave I x2
Dengar in Punishing One x2
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter x2
IG-88 in IG-2000

Vehicles(2)
Skiff x2

Devices and Weapons(3)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Ponda Baba's Hold-Out Blaster
Mandolarian Armor

Effects(7)
Scum and Villainy x2
Carbon Freezing
Crush the Rebellion
Battle Order
Resistance
Security Precautions

Interrupts(7)
Prepare the Chamber
Evader
Hidden Weapons x2
Those Rebels Won't Escape Us
Elis Helrot
Dark Maneuvers


Strategy: 

I know this isn't the most popular objective, but I think it can be fun to play.	The idea, of course, is to freeze quickly and get the captive to the Audience Chamber.	The Ugnaughts and Ugloste should make the first half rather easy.  For the second, you'll need someone powerful enough to get them all the way there.	I usual don't even begin freezing until I have either Mara Jade or Jodo Kast there, possibly Ree-Yees if he's wearing armor.	If they're playing Tatooine you can use the skiffs to quickly cross to the Audience Chamber, otherwise they're forfeit fodder.  I use Jabba the Hutt because of his ability to generate force, which can be useful in deploying the bounty hunter ships.
This deck doesn't need to flip, but it has a much better chance of winning by a high differential if it does.	Besides protecting Scum and Villainy, you get force retrieval plus protection for all the bounty hunter ships.	Dark Maneuvers is in there to give IG-2000 and Punishing One the extra speed to get from Kiffex to Kashyyyk if necessary, and Those Rebels Won't Escape Us is to stop Landing Claw (Use it only if Scum and Villainy is out, so you can immediately retrieve it by starting a battle).

Against Hidden Base: Start with Security Precautions.  Be wary of EPP characters interfering with the freeze/transport.

Against Ops: Start with Battle Order.  Use Bubo to munch away.	Once you've moved the frozen captive, send in a fighting force.

Against Mains/Test 2: Start with Crush the Rebellion.  Move only in large groups, especially when transporting the prisoner.

Against Revolver: Start with Crush the Rebellion.  You have one Evader; assume they have a grabber, so save it for when you need it.  After that, protect Jabba because he'll help generate extra force.

Against Numbers: Start with Resistance and don't worry about it.

That's about it.  Hope you enjoyed it. 