---
layout: post
author: ! Andy "Solo337" McClure
title: ! 'Path of Most Celebration'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-03-19
description: ! 'This deck sets up big drains and CC Celebration using Path of Least Resistance to enhance retrieval, drains, and combat.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'
Locations (7)
Bespin
Rendezvous Point
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
CC Guest Quarters
CC North Corridor
CC West Gallery
CC Carbonite Chamber

Characters (17)
Captain Han Solo x2
EPP Han
Son of Skywalker x2
EPP Luke
Obi-Wan Kenobi x2
EPP Obi-Wan
Boussh
EPP Leia
Chewbacca
ECC Chewie
Tawass Khaa
Wedge Antillies
Orrimaarko
Pucumir Thyrss

Starships (7)
Millenium Falcon x2
Spiral
Tantive 4
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Redemption
Red Leader In Red 1

Interrupts (19)
Path of Least Resistance x5
Skywalkers
Gift of the Mentor
I Know
Courage of a Skywalker
Glancing Blow
Nabrun Leids
Sorry About The Mess
The Signal
Transmission Terminated x2
Clash of Sabers x2
Careful Planning
Off the Edge

Effects(8)
Cloud City Celebration x2
Uncontrollable Fury
Scramble
Battle Plan
Mantellian Savrip
Goo Nee Tay
Bacta Tank

Weapons (2)
Anakin's Saber
Obi's Saber

'

Strategy: '


This deck hasn't lost a game yet, but I've only used it in 2 tournaments and some free play.

For starters, I like Bespin and CC Guest Quarters, using Careful Planning. It helps get out Celebration, and CCGQ has a force drain -1 for the Dark Side. My favorite thing about Cloud City is that you don't have to worry about Walkers. What a relief

You should be able to tell what this deck does just by looking at it. Basically you set up big drains early. SOS is very useful, coming with his own Saber. You can drop 1 Character at each Cloud City site, and just drain. When they battle, you Path of Least Resistance your most powerful character to the battle, and wreck some havoc. If they don't come to Cloud City, just drop and drain. That can really add up in a hurry if you have Celebration, a couple Lightsabers and Pucumir Thyrss down.

Captain Han dominates Bespin. I rarely have people put up a decent fight in space. Use Bacta Tank/ Redemption and a pilot and they can never beat you off Bespin.

How to play vs. dominant DS deck types

vs. HDADTJ
This deck has the Visage killer, and duel protection. If you don't want Obi and Luke killed, just run away with Path of Least Resistance. Celebrate and drain. Avoid battles with Vader beacuse those can be painful. Boussh really helps to block Vader's drain.

Vs. Big Blue
Get drains quickly. Don't spread out your space. Stick to holding Bespin and you'll be fine.

Vs. Ops
Start Battle Plan to slow them down. Obi ROCKS against ops. Use SOS and Pucumir to drain, and Captain to stay in space. Keep them out of space so they have to pay for drains.

Vs. ISB
Just fight. Don't try to drain, just beat them up. Adapt to the ISB that they're playing.

Vs. Raltiir Ops
Ignore them on Raltiir, they can't drain you too big. If you try to attack Raltiir, that can ghet expensive. Drain and Celebrate and fight if you need to, but like I said, I don't reccomend going to Raltiir.

Vs. COTVG
Ignore them, too. I wouldn't risk getting my characters fed to the Rancor, and I have seen people pull it off. They probably can't outdrain you.










'