---
layout: post
author: ! Mike "Thunder" Rebman
title: ! "Speeders From Hell; Part I"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-27
description: ! 'The inspiration for this deck actually came from Steven Lewis’ Light Side Speederholics Anonymous deck. Simple yet effective; spread, battle and drain...'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Bring Him Before Me/Take Your Father’s Place

Locations (7)
Carida
Death Star II Docking Bay
Death Star II Throne Room
Endor Back Door
Endor Dark Forest
Endor Forest Clearing
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)

Characters (19)
Biker Scout Trooper x6
Corporal Drelosyn
Corporal Misik
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x2
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Emperor Palpatine
Janus Greejatus
Lord Vader x2
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Sergeant Barich
Sergeant Elsek
Sergeant Irol

Vehicles (7)
Speeder Bike x7

Starships (5)
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
Chimaera
Dengar In Punishing One
Executor
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Interrupts (8)
High-speed Tactics x4
Imperial Barrier
Prepared Defenses
Twi’lek Advisor x2

Effects (13)
Aratech Corporation
Crossfire
First Strike
Imperial Arrest Order
Insignificant Rebellion
Mobilization Points
Oppressive Enforcement
Overseeing It Personally
Royal Escort
Search And Destroy
There Is No Try
There’ll Be Hell To Pay
Your Destiny



'

Strategy: '

Starting Cards
Bring Him Before Me
Insignificant Rebellion
Your Destiny
Prepared Defenses
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
-There Is No Try OR Oppressive Enforcement (vs. SAC)
-Crossfire (vs. Speeders/X-Wing Swarm)
-First Strike (vs. anything else)

First turn pull Carida with Mob Points before you activate, if you pull it in your opening hand, grab the Executor, and if you get both, you have one less thing to worry about. start drawing until you get all the necessary cards out, which would be the effects which enhance your bikers and your Endor sites. Drop Palpy at Endor with Oversseing It Personally, with Biker Scouts to drain and react. High-speed Tactics is God...bow down to it...a destiny 5 used interrupt which adds a battle destiny with a Biker Scout. Having 4 allows me to have 1-2 handy for battles, and 1-2 being tracked for battle destiny. SAC would hurt this deck, but I’ve provided ample defense. TINT, Oppressive, and Hell To Pay, should keep you safe. ALWAYS, and I mean ALWAYS, grab their Sense. Sense not only cancels High-speed tactics, but also your reacts. Watch out for Romas/Beezer as well. Reacting is your main way of not getting killed on Endor so make sure you can always prevent your opponent from stopping it.

Card Overview
Corporal Drelosyn
-Adds a battle destiny with Irol.

Corporal Misik
-When with Barich and piloting a vehicle in a battle, adds that vehicles maneuver to your total power.

Sergeant Barich
-When with a battle with a Biker Scout, draw a destiny, subtract that from your opponent’s total power.

Sergeant Elsek
-When forfeited at same site as your other biker scout, also satisfies all remaining attrition and battle damage against you.

Sergeant Irol
-When vehicle he drives or pilots is targeted by High-speed Tactics or Get Alongside That One, adds 2 to your destiny draw.

Royal Escort
-Prevents your bikers from becoming EPP chow.

The key to this deck is actually NOT the power to battle, but the forfiet you get from your bikers. Forfiet is +1 with Aratech and +1 with S&D. Not to mention the forfiet bonuses you receive from IAO and the non-unique biker’s gametext.

The strategy for different archetypes is basically the same. Just do YOUR thing and ignore them. If they leave you a spot to make a major beatdown, TAKE IT. It’s unexpected and it wins games. TIGIH usually rolls over and dies to this deck. I’ve played one Agents deck, and I won by 18, just by spreading on Endor and draining. Numbers has no effect on this deck. Don’t drop Vader right away and they’ll find themselves losing force to their own inserts (Palpy and 2 bikers gives you; 6,3,3).This deck is consistant in that 99% of the time I have no problem getting done what I want. I have the cards when I need them and I can get them out when they need to be. Of course with every deck it doesn’t happen every single time, like any deck, you get your share of bad draws. I think I’ve done a good job of putting in cards to optimize the speed of this deck. There are three ways to win with this deck. Usually only utilizing or working to acheive one of these goals works, but using multiple methods can be even better. They are;

Spread Drain
Drop your Endor sites, Biker Scouts, Palpy, and Overseeing It Personally to drain for as much as possible on Endor.
Strengths Large, fast drains are hard to overcome.
Weaknesses Any card which cancels your force drain modifiers (Menace Fades/Test 2). Any card which cancels reacts (Romas/Beezer/Sense).

Pure Beatdown
With this method, you’re not trying to win with a bunch of little battles but with 1-2 large battles. This requires you to have just about ALL of your combos out.
Strengths Beatdowns can be devastating early on and can send your opponent’s confidence to the dogs when they lose a big battle early on.
Weaknesses Can take a while to setup. But might not.

Battle/Objective kill
Pretty much the same as above except, instead of winning 1-2 big battles, you want to win 3-4 small battles and flip your objective to win.
Strengths Faster to setup than both of the previous methods.
Weaknesses You can’t always win battles, but still this is the most effective way to play this deck, as I’ve found through my experience.

Like I said, using a combonation of the previous methods is best, so try to stick with that (unless your just doing the 3rd method, you want to concentrate your full attention on that).

I apologize for not having a ground breakingly long strategy, but this is a simple deck with simple goals,  thus the simple strategy. Enjoy...

Mike ”Thunder” Rebman
”I AM the bad thing that happens to good people.” '