---
layout: post
author: ! Mike "Maddux" Patterson
title: ! "Maddux’s BHBM Psych Odds"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-27
description: ! "This is the deck I planned on playing in Day 2 of Worlds if I made it. Unfortunately, I had to play in YJ Day 2 since I qualified without knowing I screwed myself for Wars. Bascially, it’s a DS Odds BHBM deck intent on draining in space and laying be"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
Bring Him Before Me
Throne Room
Insignificant Rebellion
Your destiny
Prepared Defenses
Oppressive Enforcement
Mobilization Points
Crush the rebellion

Locations (6)
Endor
Kessel
Kashyyyk
Kiffex
Sullust
Wakeelmui

Characters (10)
Emperor
Epp Vader x4
Tech Mo’r x3
Marrak x2

Starships (15)
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Dreadnaught x 3
Tie Interceptor x 8
The Emperor’s Sword
The Emperor’s Shield

Effects (9)
Sienar Fleet Systems x2
3720 to 1 x2
Emperor’s Power
There’ll be hell to pay x2
Blast Door Controls
Lateral Damage

Interrupts (12)
Short Range Fighters
Rise my friend x2
Twi’lek Advisor x2
All power to weapons x2
I have you now x2
Evader x2
You are beaten '

Strategy: '

My Description got cut off. My bad. It was supposed to say

This is the deck I planned on playing in Day 2 of Worlds if I made it. Unfortunately, I had to play in YJ Day 2 since I qualified without knowing I screwed myself for Wars. Bascially, it’s a DS Odds BHBM deck intent on draining in space and laying beatdowns with EPP Vader.

Also Marrak x2 should be Commander Merrejk x2. I noted that below.

Maddux - Mike

********************************
Just looking at things you might not notice the raw power of the deck.

Let’s break it down.

Start the game by getting Emperor’s Power, I have you now Or Evader, and Wakeelmui before you activate. Drop the Emperor at the Throne Room. During their turn get an Evader/I have you now if you don’t already have one. Now your ready.

Drop systems and deploy the ties when you have something to retrieve and Sienar Fleet systems is on the table. Keep Tech Moor and Odds in your hand till they’ve lost Your insight serves you well or Ultimatum (yeah like people play that now). Even with Vader down you have 9-13’s. 14’s without.

Usually LS players will go for Honor once they see your playing BHBM and certainly if you drop Vader. That’s the key. Once they do that...your odds are huge. Vader becomes a one man fighting machine that keeps dying and keeping your numbers as high as possible. Your objective won’t stay flipped since EPP Vader will die in each battle (good for odds too), but he’ll capture Luke and keep him from helping. If Vader does stick around play Rise my friend to release Luke, get another chance to use Vader for a beatdown, and keep the objective on the 0 side thus avoiding the loss of 1 each turn.

Battle and add destiny with the Emperor. Play I have you now where appropriate. Evader Vader to your used pile afterwards. Next turn drop some ties to get back lost cards and especially your Evader and I have you now. Why? Because you can keep pulling them from your reserve during each turn with Crush. So each time you have a EPP Vader you have cards that work perfectly with him. You’ll have good destiny and 2-3 destinies each time + a swing. Huge. Wash and repeat.

Other specific card notes.

Merrejk is in there for getting systems of course. 6 is enough. I think I misspelled him in the deck list. My apologies.

Rise my friend gets EPP Vader back in your hand as needed.

Blast door controls is obviously for stopping barrier on Vader.

You are beaten is a game card if played right.

Two odds are enough with the retrieval. You won’t play them till mid game anyway, and usually you don’t need to use them more then 2-3 times.

Retrieve everything you need throughout the game. Odds, Evader, I have you now, EPP Vader’s, ties, etc. And save Short Range fighters till late or really necessary. Don’t play it used to get a tie. You don’t want it to be grabbed.

You see the point.

Now how to face certain decks.

Hidden Base(space)
Battle with your ties. Add destiny. Probe. The retrieval should win you the game and you’ll have fat drains at their systems throughout. Spread and react with the Sword and Shield if you don’t fear sense. There is nothing like retrieving 3 force even after a react. Nasty.

Profit, Hidden Base(mains), MWYHL & Yavin 4
Set up drains in space quickly. Use Vader for a hit squad and take out Han with your swing against Profit. Rely on your 3 destinies against Ben and other harder to hit mains. Keep the beatdowns coming using the method explained above. Eventually he’ll run out of characters and you should be able to keep bringing Vader down as needed. Get your odds working.

There Is Good In Him
Tough game. Your not going to hold Luke unless you have too. Luke’s destiny 6 will cut down your odds, but you should still have higher destiny and enough beatdown to keep things going.

Speeders
Be content to drain in space and use your odds. This shouldn’t be too tough. They rarely have many places to drain and rely on battling. Pick your battles wisely with EPP Vader. Since you’ll usually lose Vader though he won’t be around for a beatdown. Use bring him before me to get him back in your hand as needed. Don’t let him stay on the table.

That’s it

Hope you like it. I really enjoy playing this deck & it’s a nice surprise deck that will keep your opponent guessing early. Give it a shot and let me know how it goes. D-mail me with questions.

Thanks.


'