---
layout: post
author: ! Jim "Stimmed Jim" Li
title: ! 'Stimmed Jim's Scum version 2'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-13
description: ! 'This deck is a machine because everyone prepares for BHBM and Rops but no one knows what to do against Court, went 7-0 in two days at Continentals'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Court

Locations
coruscant
Jabba's palace
JP audience chamber
JP dungeon
great pit
hoth 5th marker
kashyyyk
holotable

Characters
dr. e
jabba the hutt x2
Chall
4lom x2
Bane
Iggy x2
jquille
gailid
brangus
ehpant mon
Dengar
mara x2
CC engineer
EPP vader

Red
Scum x2
Masterful move x2
search + destroy
secret plans
barrier x2
alter
monnok
Blast door controls
none shall pass
twilek x2
grabber x2
oota goo ta
battle order
first strike
CHYBC
Security precaution
projective
prepared defenses
no bargin
all wrapped up
oppressive

Ships
BIHT
zuckuss
Fett

weapon
mara's saber

creature
bubo
'

Strategy: '


update on how this deck did at worlds, on day 1 it went 3-1, the average (mean) rating of my opponents was 2047.


just to let ya’ll know what cards i changed between day 1 and two day one i had operational as planned, which i took out for the main course, i’m still not sure which is better since they are both anti-frozen assets but main course helped me out a couple games with it’s lost version.

and i had a dengar in punishing one which i took out for secret plans.

i’d like to add another ship or two but still not sure which ones because dengar doesn’t draw destiny by himself and you can’t add a pilot, so if you need to battle to retrive a ship in your lost pile, but you search your reserve and you only find dengar, you’re screwed.

In the next version I’m gonna add a Presence of the force as anti-honor of the jedi card, since if i put it on dungeon i have 3 battle grounds just on the ground on tatooine, plus if you need you can set up search and destroy with out ever having to leave jabba’s palace or veture out to an exterior site.


None shall pass should be None shall pass x2



i made this deck just to have some fun for the continental championships but it even surprised me in how good and dominating it was through out the weekend at gen con, it went 7-0 with wins coming against many top players.

basically the main benefits of playing court is the built in direct damage and ship pulling that it provides.  every games starts out by putting jabba out at Audience chamber first turn and waiting to see what the opponent wants to do.

The three effects i start out with are All Wrapped up, No Bargain, and Oppressive Enforcement.	Oppressive is to provide some defenses for your effects and interrupts, no bargain protects jabba for the first few turns and makes it hard for them to invade jabba’s palace.  The most interesting choice is the All wrapped up, which i haven’t seen played in a long time.  It is killer against mains and toys when you don’t need to use the ship pulling text that much, instead you can feel free to use the bounty hunters to capture everyone and throw them in the dungeon for 2 force back.

most of the stuff is pretty self-explanatory, lose force, deploy guys and battle, retrive, repeat.  the deck works in a nice cycle and you can count on seeing your main characters 3 or 4 times during the course of the game even if they are lost at some point.  this deck has protection against both fury (only one epp vader) and anger fear (projective)

battle order limits their force drains so you can better manage the retrival.

4-lom is the main reason this deck will beat mains and toys, i’d probably put another one in here because he is just useful everywhere (JK luke, Ben kenobi, w/ zuckuss in space)

Blast door controls is in this deck because you cannot afford to have the opponent barrier you, not only can you not kill his guys but it’ll throw off a lot of your cycle of retrival.

some people may wonder about the Sac protection in this deck and the fact that i include 1 alter but no sense, well the reason for that is because i can much better deal with having scum altered (in which case it’ll float around in my life force waiting to be pulled out with twilek) than i can deal with getting non-shall pass and barrier sensed.

I’m tired now so if i miss anything super important i’ll update this in the morning
'