---
layout: post
author: ! Robert "Sparky" Parker
title: ! 'You said Force Drain?	Whats that?'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-27
description: ! 'This is a fun deck, but it can really stick a lock on people.  Drains are a NON-FACTOR...'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting 6

Hidden Base/Butterfingers
Rendezvous Point
HB Indicater
HFTMF
Do Or Do Not
Wise Advice

Locations 7
Coruscant
Kiffex
Ralltiir
Courlag x2
Mon Calamari
Kessel

Characters 16
Rebel Guard x7
Elom x7
Jedi Luke x1

Starships 12
Home One
Independence
Tantive IV
Spiral
Red Leader in Red 1
X-wing x7

Effects 7
S-foils
Bargining Table
Rebel Fleet
Entrechment
Never Tell Me The Odds x2
Yarna

Interrupts 10
The Signal x5
All Wings Report In x2
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes x2
Organized Attack

Weapons 2
Disruptor Pistol x2 '

Strategy: '

OMG	Apologies everyone  I guess I must have spaced and pressed dark instead of light deck.  I’m sorry....I’ll probably repost it and get it right, but I’d appreciate it if you rated it anyway.

As anyone could (probably) see, the whole point of this deck is to block force drains while going on the offense with whatever you think is necessary.	You can chose to flip or not.  It isnt vital with this deck.  Obviously, dont flip if they have securety precausions out, as it wont take them long to find your planet.  The eloms are an anti Rops (laugh it up, that was my old dark deck) and Perimator Patrol force.  I chose the guards for Entrenchment because I figured they have decent destiny for odds and I could control a couple of sites with an elom or two backing them up.  The space in this deck is okay, although as you can see, not overwhelming by any stretch.  It can be with S-foils and an organized backing you up. If you can hold any two of the big three (Kiffex, Coruscant, or Kessel) you should be fine.  You can also get some good retrevial with the Chimes and All Wings.  NTMTO can be deadly, and if your saying MONNOK..., youre right, but with 5 signals, I can get any effect that I need it be Yarna or the cancelers.

Reviews and comments are always welcome -)

MAY THE FORCE BE WITH YOU

'