---
layout: post
author: ! David "Mandalor2000" Sidhu
title: ! "Ral Ops, Quick-E-Drain"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-11
description: ! 'This deck uses many cards to drain with, search for the sites and by your fourth turn your draining for 6.  OTher 'side show' strategies can be included.Unlike some Ral Ops decks this one stays on Ralittir.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (4)
Ralltir Operations
Twi'ek Advisor
Abilaty, Abilaty , Abilaty
Ralitir

Charachters (20)
Stormtroopersx4
Imerial Comanders x2
4-Lom w/Concussion Rifle
Lieutenant Renz
Labria
Sergeant Wallen
U-3P0
Lieutenant Comander Ardan
Mosep
Darth Vader, Dark Lord OF The Sith
Admiral Motti
Captain Needa
Trooper Davin Felth
Commander Igar
GRand Moff Tarkin
Mara Jade, The Emperors Hand

Vehicles (4)
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempist Scout 3
Tempist 1

Ships (7)
Executer
IG-88 in IG -2000
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Zuckess in Mist Hunter
Thunderflare
Death Star Assault Squadron
Dengar in Punishing 1

Weapons (2)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Darth Vader's Lightsaber

Sites (7)
Swamp
Desert
Spaceport Street
Spaceport Prefect's Office
Jungle
Spaceport City
Forest

Effects (7)
Death Mark
Undercover
Expand the Empire
Strategic Reserves
He is not Ready
Reactor Terminal
Resistance

Interupts (9)
Trooper Assault x3
Twi'lek Advisor
Abyssin Ornament
Sacrafice
Sense
Alter
Control '

Strategy: '

OKay, the first thing to do is flip the objective.
That should be quite easy with all of the charachters that you'll get, in three turns max it'll be flipped.  One to get each site out.
Once it's flipped first priority is to get drains from all of the possible 7 locations, so do so.  Now enhance them with the lightsabers, and put expand the Empire on Spaceport City With an Imperial Comander, so You'll be draining for 2 at three locations plus the light sabers, 5.  Now make Sure Mosep is at a site where drains of two are coming from that site and the adgacent sites.  Now that you have a fair amount of drains operating, get the effects into play, by searching your deck if you don'y already have them (you can search for 2 force a turn with Ral Ops).  Get Resistance, Reactor Terminal and Strategic Resereves out(I like to call 'em the 'Big Three'.  Make sure that at each site you have abilaty of four or higher because of the destiny bonus that comes with Ral Ops.  Now Ralttir is basically yours.  I have included seven startships to battle in space should the need arise.  Also after controling the sites on Ralttir you should have several charahters and Vehicles left so you can also battle and drain off Raltiir.  The interupts are prertty straight forward, so that's about it.	One tip is to avoid battling and just drain on Ralttir unless your deck is being depleated by drains off of Ralttir (or if you are just the battling type) .  If you keep the objective flipped and 'out of fights' you should be able to win the game.  '