---
layout: post
author: ! anthony "yodap" payne
title: ! 'Shoot em up'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-18
description: ! 'This deck uses Aim high to devestate your opponent in battles...'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (5)
Endor Hidden Forest Trail
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Aim High
Battle Plan
Cammando Training

Locations (4)
Endor Back Door
Endor Dense Forest
Endor Hidden Forest Trail
Endor Rebel Landing Site (Forest)

Characters (24)
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Rebel Trooper  x20

Interrupts (11)
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Rapid Deployment  x5
Rebel Ambush  x5

Effects (3)
Aim High
Battle Plan
Commando Training

Weapons (18)
Blaster  x18
'

Strategy: '

This deck uses Aim high, to boost power in battles to devestate your opponent

Starting
Endor Hidden Forest Trail
Heading For The Medical Frigate gets Aim high, Commando training, and battle plan out at the begining.

Aim hig game text Deploy on table. When you fire two weapons (except lightsabers) in a battle, your total power is +5. Also, whenever opponent retrieves X cards, opponent must first use X Force or that retrieval is canceled. (Immune to Alter.)
Use chances are, your gonna have at least 2 or more weapons at the battle, so all you got to do is use them, and your power is +5 that can really help...

Commando Training game text Deploy on your side of table. Each of your non-unique Rebels armed with a non-unique blaster is forfeit +2, adds 1 to his total weapon destiny and, where present, cumulatively adds 1 to total battle destiny. (Immune to Alter while your non-unique blaster is on table.)
Use this card adds to your forfiet values, useful when you loose a battle, but also cumulatively adds 1 to battle destiny therefor giving you more and ore power every time you play

Battle plan game text Deploy on table. You may initiate battles for free. Also, for either player to initiate a Force drain, that player must first use 3 Force unless that player occupies a battleground site (except a holosite) and a battleground system. (Immune to Alter.)
Use well obviously if you put this deck to good use, then this will help since you’ll be starting lots of battles, and will need force to fire weapons with. Plus it stops your opponent from force draining, at least for a while.

Other Cards Rapid deployment and Rebel Ambush help to get out troopers, and boost power a little.  The EPP’s help add some power to your battles, as well as ability.

Game Play First of all you start out by deploying your troopers, and blasters as quick as posable. Also try to get at least 1 or 2 of the EPP’s out soon. Then you simply start battling your opponent. Be Sure to get blasters on your troopers, and definantly make sure you have some force to use the blasters It may also be wise to keep a few cards in your force pile during your opponents turn in case he/she decides to start a battle. With Aim High adding 5 to everybattle, and the cumulative battle destiny thing from Commando Training, you should be able to kill your opponent in a few quick and swift battles

Please keep in mind, that this deck may have a few bugs in it still, and please give me your comments, i take all comments and suggestions in mind for my future decks, as well as revisions of this one
-Yoda- '