---
layout: post
author: Alex "Greedo" Tennet
title: 'Security Precautions'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-19
description: ! 'Get the DD set up, scan their hand for rebels. Usual manip strat, Monnok, but no ADT. If you can see their hand, you are in control. Solid drains, selective battling ability.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (4)
This Deal Is Getting Worse All The Time / Pray I Don't Alter It Any Further
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Twi'lek Advisor
Security Precautions

Locations (7)
Bespin
Bespin Cloud City
Cloud City Casino
Cloud City Chasm Walkway
Cloud City Port Town District
Cloud City Upper Walkway
Cloud City West Gallery

Characters (16)
Admiral Ozzel
Brangus Glee
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith  x3
Djas Puhr
Grand Moff Tarkin
Jabba the Hutt
Lieutenant Arnet
Lieutenant Commander Ardan
M'iiyoom Onith
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand	x2
Mosep
Navy Trooper Vesden
Zuckuss

Starships (6)
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Obsidian 7
OS-72-1 In Obsidian 1
OS-72-2 In Obsidian 2
Vader's Personal Shuttle

Interrupts (22)
Alter  x2
Elis Helrot
Ghhhk
Masterful Move
Monnok	x3
Scanning Crew  x12
Sense  x2

Effects (3)
Broken Concentration
Cloud City Occupation
Dark Deal

Weapons (2)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber
'

Strategy: '

You can tell a lot about someone's deck from their starting hand. So scan first turn. Get BCC first, then Bespin for force gen (which is key, and also half the reason why SP is started with).

Set up DD when you've got a look at their hand and it's all safe. CC Occ is there for extra damage when you can afford it. Most TDIGWATT decks don't want to worry about flipping, and this one doesn't either. If you can, well, more power to you. But it's in no way the goal. Only do CC Occ if it's safe (you should be getting frequent looks at their hand all game long).

If SCrew is caught, no big deal. Speed up your gameplan by all means. There's a mix of ships in the deck - merely to set up DD - but BIHT and BIS1 are obviously good for a variety of things. Vader's Shuttle is one of THE best ships in the game. It's too versatile.

Against M&T, scan scan scan. Keep yourself in control and do the right stuff at the right time (which is vital).

Against Ops, alter their Yarna if you can and Monnok them away. Take the battle to them if you can, there's a MM and Ghhhk in there for all situations, but it'll help avoid beats. Whether you SCrew regularly or not will depend on what sort of Ops deck it is, but mostly just get the DD and CC Occ up and running. Damage is enough. Elis can be key.

Against HB you have the SP start. Scan, decide what sort of deck it is, get a fast deal if swarm and keep scanning if it's beatdown.

Against MWYHL, this is the only instance you start Broken Con. You're getting 2 force from them, so it's ok. Scan early. If it's a fakeout to some other strategy, don't worry about the fast DD. If it's training at all, speed up if you have a good start. Otherwise, play it safe and use CC Occ if you can. But this deck should beat training every time.

As for the Profit start, take Mara and Mii'yoom. You can grab Mara's saber and walk outside for a drain of 3, scanning all the while to remove rebels. But the Mii'yoom start is filthiest, just run over their hand as and when necessary and you'll have no opposition. If you get the chance to do this, do it.

Sense and Alter troublesome stuff. It's enough, believe me. Might want to think about going 3 Alter and having a Barrier instead, but it's a personal thing. Sense can get those shockings after all. Anyway, enjoy the deck. '