---
layout: post
author: ! David "JWRP119" Monteiro
title: ! 'Dave's BHBM Manipulator'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-19
description: ! 'Good deck. Rate it. Use it. Win with it.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting

Bring Him Before Me
Throne Room
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
You Cannot Hide Forever
Insignificant Rebellion
Your Destiny

Characters

Emperor Palpatine x2
Miiyoom Onith x5
U-3PO
Lord Vader

Unknown type

Coruscant
Executor Docking Bay
Rendili
Death Star 2 Docking Bay

Effects

3,720 to 1 x4
Ability, Ability, Ability
Secret Plans
Therell Be Hell To Pay x2
Security Precautions
Bad Feeling Have I
Broken Concentration
Oppressive Enforcement
Reactor Terminal

Interrupts

Alter x2
A Dangerous Time x4
Monnok x4
Counter Assault x2
Twilek Advisor x3
Masterful Move x2
Voyuer x2
Sense x3
Its Worse

Starhips & Vehicles

Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser x2
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Boba Fett In Slave I
Dengar in Punishing One
Flagship Executor


'

Strategy: '

Response to reviews

Wolverine Are you a @#$ing dumbass? Everything you talked about was covered in the strategy section. Obviously you suck, so don't play this.

Vader is not gonna go battle anyone. He is used to pick up Jedi Luke. Usually with TIGIH. Thanks for the reviews. I'll think about the Dominator =)

faramir You're probably right. But, 3 out of 4 people I played this against ditched Insight 1st turn to get Honor. The 4th person played Honor w/o occupying a BG so it got altered and then he still ditched Insight for some space effect.

Please at least try this deck before you bash it. It's easy to look and judge. You might even find it kind of fun.

[End response to reviews]


This deck should not be played by inexperienced players. Why? Because youll play it like an idiot. But, if you want to try it, heres how to play it and some card explanations.

	This deck looks like its weak but is fairly solid and takes complete control of the
game. First, before you activate pull Rendili with Mobilization Points. Got Rendili in
your starting hand? Go for the Executor. Pull D*2 Docking Bay first with Imperial Arrest
Order, unless you have it in your hand, then go for Executor Docking Bay. Pull Emperor
from reserve deck and drop him at D*2 Docking Bay, or Executor Docking Bay, either
one will be fine. Well, lets see. Youll have a total of 9 - 10 plus for yourself and
whatever your opponent gives you. Nice, isnt it? Guess what your opponent is gonna do
during your turn. They will throw away Your Insight Serves You Well to fetch Honour
Of The Jedi. Not too bright. This opens the door for your Inserts. Theres no way they
saw this coming. If they dont get rid of Insight, just play it out. Just do the Miiyoom
thing and wait until they give it up and get something they need.
	There are 5 Miiyoom Oniths in the deck. Why? So you can have one second and
and start the harassment. She get shocked? Oh well, you have 4 more. Miiyoom is just
killer. Youll be activating mad force and with 4 Monnoks and 2 Masterful Moves it
should be no problem getting your opponent down to 8 if they drew to much.
	A Dangerous Time. Great card, lets you set up your opponents force pile
however you want. See Ben Kenobi, Jedi Luke, EPP Han, or some unique male Rebels or
Aliens? Place them near the top. Let him draw, and bam, hit him with Miiyoom. He
plays Shocking Information? So what, lose 4 and her. You have plenty more, just grab
the damn Shocker, use your head Losing her and 4 is nothing to what you will take out
of your opponents hand. Second and pretty good function. Use A Dangerous Time to set
up low destinies on top of their force pile then spend 2 force with Broken Concentration
to set it up on their Reserve Deck. This is just killer in space with your ships and with
Training. Its gonna be hard with Broken Concentration in effect and you screwing with
their training destinies. Set up a 0, or 1. Just enough to make them fail the test.
	Sense and Alter, not too much of it considering with Honour, the light side has no
fear of losing 2. Most of the time you can get rid of Honour with an early Alter.
Considering Miiyoom will stop the S/A rollers. It just allows for some smoother control.
They going heavy on the Sense Alter package? Grab and Sense it, or Alter whatever they
played. Might as well cover some of the other Interrupts here. 3 Twileks, you need these
effects out fast. Bad Feeling Have I is big, Secret Plans to screw Speed Profit and
MWYHL. Terminal for some tracking. Oppressive Enforcement for S/A and to make
Flagship Executor destiny 5 and Dreadnaughts destiny 4. Sweet. Counter Assault, this is
HUGE against those damn Eloms. They drain, ok, lets see you have 6 Eloms there, all
Power 1. I draw 6 destiny. Youre average, non tracked destiny will be 3, I guarantee it.
So, lets do the math. 3 x 6 = 18. They lose 12 force. From ONE CARD, and thats just
drawing 3s. Youll probably draw a Twilek or two, a Masterful Move, destiny 4
Dreadnaught, who knows, but it will hurt them. Its Worse, this is a great card. Youll be
activating and saving tons of force so just save each turn to let your opponent think its
just for Miiyoom. They play It Could Be Worse, hit them back for 20 or so cards. That
really stings. I nailed a guy for 23 cards in a game with Its Worse. Ouch. Voyuer for
direct damage and get rid of those pesky Interrupts that are Immune to Sense, or, just
cause some force loss. Sure Honour eats it but, you should have dealt with Honour by
now. Ability, Ability, Ability - self explanitory, if you get rid of their stuff then how are
they gonna hang? Only thing that gets rid of this is swarms and heavy ship decks.
	Dark Side Coruscant. Um, do you like to lose 3 when your getting drained at
Coruscant, no, so, wait until your opponent deploys his Coruscant and drop yours right on
top and its -1 drain for them, and no longer a battleground system. Everything else is
pretty much self explanitory. Here are some strategies against certain decks.


vs. Hidden Base -- This will give you problems. Everyone is using Squadron Assignments
to get pilots and ships. Well, they cant get the ship when you Miiyoom away the pilot.
Use A Dangerous Time to set up his Rebels and Aliens for a effective Miiyoom. Also, if
those weapons become a problem use ADT with Broken Concentration to set up a 1 or 0
so then cant blast Zuckuss or Fett or Dengar. Speaking of which, Dengar will help more
than you realize. Cancels their immunity, and adds to your destiny, which of couse, is at
least a 3. The Inserts will kill them considering they will get rid of Insight for Honour or
some effect that involves space.

vs. There Is Good In Him -- Well, Lord Vader is in there to keep them in line. Pick up
Luke. Just do it. You dont want him running around draining. You lose 1 a turn. Dont
pick him up too early. Track those 5s and 6s to make him lose 3 a turn. DO IT Trust
me. He wont convert Vader and you wont convert Luke. While your dealing with the
deliquent, your opponent will be setting up with mains and draining. No, Miiyoom and
Insert. Counter Assault doesnt work as well here, so track destinies.

vs. ROPs Killa and its predecessors -- Counter Assault at just the right time and you can
end up taking up to 15-30 cards out of their life force. Let some of the mains come down
to lower their Insert total, no Obi or Luke. Just Han, Leia, and Chewie.

vs. Versions of Mains and Toys -- Haha. Riiiiight.

Well, thats about all I can think of. This is non-interactive and controls the game. If your
not controlling the game, your either losing, or not playing this right. Just use your head
and youll be fine. Please leave constructive reviews. Stupid reviews will make me report
you to Neal and supposedly hell delete you. Unless your like Top 10 in the world, then hell just ignore it. Thanks.

Props goto Alex Tennet for helping me out with the original concept of this deck, and for being that damn good. ;-)

David Monteiro	  '