---
author: Danny "Skuff D" Rider
title: 'The Mark Hamill Deck'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-04-07
description: 'Designed as a Tatooine beatdown with counters towards Hunt Down and Raltiir. Named after Mark Hamill because Monica Lewinsky was considered an indecent title.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations: (7)
JP: Audience Chamber
Tatooine: Obi-wan’s hut (start)
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Mos eisley
Hoth: Echo War Room
Rendezvous Point
Dagobah: Yoda’s Hut


Effects:  (11)
Uh-Oh
Bo Shuda
Order to Engage
Chasm
Bacta Tank
Traffic Control
Wise Advice
Mechanical Failure
Draw their Fire
Battle Plan
What're you trying to push on us?

Interrupts:  (16)
The Signal x3
You Will Take Me to Jabba Now x2
Gift of the Mentor x2
Nabrun Lieds x2
Clash of Sabers x2
Out of Commsion
Careful Planning (start with Obi's hut and pull AC)
Weapon Levitation
Transmission Terminated x2

Weapons/ Devices:  (2)
Obi-wan’s Lightsaber
Landing Claw

Starships: (4)
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in gold 1
Millenium Falcon
Spiral

Characters: (20)
Rennek
Figrin Da’an
Herc Seff
Wedge Antilles
Master Luke
Luke with Lightsaber x2
Liea with Rifle
Chewie with Rifle
Han with Blaster
Obi-wan Kenobi
Ben Kenobi
Obi-wan with lightsaber
Lando with Blaster
Tawaas Khaa
Corporal Beezer
Jerom Webb
Hn’methe
Elom x2


Strategy: 

Depending on the deck you play, you should play differantly. This holds true with many decks but especially with this one. If you are playing a hunt down or unknown type, you need to get chasm out. This can stop them from drawing that Visage destiny 7 or even better hurt them for drawing the same vader in a dueling or battle destiny. But wait, there's more! Set up the uh oh Bo Shuda combo and use take me to Jabba to put out rennek and then figrin. Use figrin to wager every turn especially if playing Hunt Down. Suddenyl the odds of them drawing a vader or doubled unique card increases, you retrieve and theey lose force!
This isn't the main strategy however. Most of it revolves around the classic beatdown with mains, Super Falcon and multi-destinies.
Should you play Raltiir, try to get the H'mnethe and the eloms out in battles. Beezer can stop reacts and the Mechanical failure is a powerfuly destructive tool.
Herc Seff is awesome in reducing drain potential and the starships with Landing Claw can give you a decent bit of aid in space. This deck is all about careful planning as stated with the starting interrupt.

On a side note I named it after Mark Hamill for obvious reasons. He's got some cool pictures in the deck. Also I'd someday like to see people post along with thier strategy on the deck, ways to play against this deck so it would look like
...Vs. Mark Hamill
I just find things like that funny. 