---
author: Frank "FrankLamanti" Lamantia
title: 'Franks Palace v2'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-02-04
description: 'Get out locations and beat down.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations (6)
Coruscant
Death Star
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace: Dungeon
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Jabba's Palace

Characters (15)
4-LOM w/ Gun
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Commander Nemet
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x2
Dengar with Blaster Carbine
Dr. Evazan
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Jabba the Hutt
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand x2

Starships (5)
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dengar in Punishing One
Executor
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts (22)
Alter x4
Combat Readiness
Elis Helrot x2
Masterful Move x2
Monnok x2
Sense x5
Torture x2
Twi'lek Advisor x3
You Are Beaten

Effects (10)
A Bright Center To The Universe
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward!
Lateral Damage
Oppressive Enforcement
Reactor Terminal
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
There'll Be Hell To Pay x2

Weapons (2)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber  

Strategy: 

A few things...

1. This is finally 60 cards!!!
2. I took the deck and changed it accordingly to your guys reviews
3. I dont have a Mara nor a Maras saber so I need this months prize!  Help!

Start Tatooine: Cantina and Combat Readiness for JP. Get the AC and the Dungeon (AC first, Dungeon second).

The 3 Twi'leks make up for the Combat Readiness start, pull anything you need first turn.  Masterful Moves are extremely sweet 6 destiny recyclers.

My favorite strategy is to drop Vader (or Mara) with his (or her) saber to Cantina and start draining for 3. You can do this fairly easily 2nd turn. Its a nice way to start out the game and usually it will go unopposed for a couple turns.

Anyway, heres the gameplan:

vs Ops: Play a Bright Center on their planet then beat the hell out of them. The ECCs go a long way with Dr. Evazan. Kill the Operatives and beat the little guys. Battle Plan helps too.

vs Hidden Base: Twi'lek for Security Precautions early. This is where you pop out the 2nd turn drain of 4 too. Hit em early, but dont put your ships out until they flip. Then when they do flip, drop 3-4 ships and probe every system that you can.

vs Martin Faulke HB: Alter Our Most Desperate Hour and start draining. Try and get rid of their mains using Evazan and tracked destinies. Build up an Army at Alderaan and Tatooine, if possible. Lateral Damage the Falcon. You can beat this deck. Just make sure you have Secret Plans out, you have an Army at Alderaan and you are holding an Alter for OMDH.
