---
layout: post
author: Adam "Vincent Vega" Beauchamp
title: 'A Musician Deck V2.0'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-17
description: ! 'This is the current version of the musician deck I posted awhile ago.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective - 1
Court of the Vile Gangster

Locations - 8
Tatooine Great Pit of Carkoon
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba's Palace Dungeon
Coruscant
Death Star
Kashyyyk
Coruscant Docking Bay
Executor Docking Bay

Characters - 23
Ak-Rev x2
Greeta
Umpass-Stay
Kathaba
Lyn Me
Rystall
Tech Mor
Lirin Carn
Sy Snootles
Barquin D'an
Dodo Bodanaweido
Rappertunie
Nizuk Bek
Mara Jade x2
Bane Molar
Djas Puhr
Boba Fett with Blaster
Dengar with Blaster Carbine
IG-88 with Gun
4-LOM with Gun
Dr. Evazan

Effects - 10
Oppressive Enforcement
There'll Be Hell to Pay x2
First Strike
Search and Destroy
Ability, Ability, Ability
Scum and Villiany x2
Battle Plan
Security Precautions

Interrupts - 14
Twi'lek Advisor x3
None Shall Pass x2
Ellis Helrot x2
Nevar Yalnal
It's Worse
Masterful Move
Monnok
Shut Him Up or Shut Him Down
Boring Conversation Anyway
Sniper

Starships - 3
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Zuckus in Mist Hunter

Weapons - 1
Mara Jade's Lightsaber '

Strategy: '

The major changes I made from the original was taking out the random battleground sites for the Death Star and Coruscant, and Tatooine for Kashyyk. I also just start oppressive enforcement now, instead of the three effect thing, because grabbers are very good, and insert decks rarely get played in my area anymore. I also added a couple of bounty hunters that can draw their own destiny. This is very important vs. many decks. I tried to make the destinies as good as possible without getting to random. There are five cards with a 6 destiny, and I'll admit that Nevar Yalnal is very situational, but I prefer it to Hutt Smooch when used to counter a gifted artoo, just keep in mind that Umpass-Stay is a spy. Here is what I do vs. the popular decks in my area.

Throne Room Mains - This is definitley the most popular light side deck in my area right now. I always start the Oppressive Enforcement vs. this deck. This game either starts off slow with both players waiting for the other to do soemthing, or it will start off with a turn one Obi to the chamber. If its a slow game, you could try building a good musician hand with Ak-Rev in the dungeon, so when the game gets rolling you'll be prepared. The Bounty Hunters that get their own destiny are very important so use them wisely, and retrieve them when you can. You can probably get a steady drain of two at kashyyk this game too. A tough match-up no doubt, but if you are good with musicians, mains should loose to it. Oh yeah, 4-LOM is very good in this match-up also and
Ability, Ability, Ability and None Shall Pass can win the game for you.

Speeder-Ops - I start Battle Order vs. this deck. I usually stay in the Audience Chamber except to come out for Hit and Run missions. Don't go outside until you have much power. Umpas and a squad of 4-5 musicians can stand up to the speeders most of the time, especially if you get some Bounty Hunters with good forfeit. If they don't play insurection, Ellis Helrot them to death, if they do play one big squad of musicians to the farm, and put mara with saber at the chamber, and then set up kashyyk as fast as possible to drain for 3 if they flip, but you don't have to pay. Late game Ability, Ability, Ability will help you catch up. Always remeber to get Rystall and Barquin early, as every force will count in this game. If this deck is very popular, I'd add a Bright Center to the Universe.

Hidden Base X-Wing Swarm- Another popular deck in my area, but seems to be dying out. The objective, search and destroy, and eventually Ability, Ability, Ability will apply some nice direct damage, plus whatever drain you can establish on the ground might cause them enough early loss to matter. Abuse the objective to get the BH ships, park greeta at the chamber and load the passenger seats full of musicians with ass high forfeit (5-6). Don't go up until they flip though. I'd like to add a Blast Door Control just for this deck, and I'm thinkin about dropping the Boring Conversation for it. Blast Door is so strong vs. this deck, it makes probing so much easier. Direct Damage will win this game. Oh yeah, I star Oppressive Enforcement vs. this deck.

MWYHL - Play a bit casually until you know what they are doing. If they are playing heavy control, just use direct damage to kill them, if they are playing mains, just deploy in mass and force them off tatooine. This deck is a bit to slow to fight the musicians, and the Mains and Toys version plays to few characters to compete on the ground. Just make sure you Shut Him Up or Shut Him down their Bacta Tank, or Obi will get real onnoying. I start Oppressive Enforcement this game also.

Thats about it for the current meta in my area. If I left anything out let me know, and I'll try to update the strategy. Thanks for reading. '