---
layout: post
author: ! Zach "spirajira" Cute
title: ! 'BIG BLUE REACTOR'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-28
description: ! 'you use imperial arrest order to grab the bays, you use battle deployment to put your tempest scouts on the bays, and you use mobalization points to get the generation you need to put big blue out fast.  did i forget to mention you react like crazy.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'starters(5[later listed as well])
fondor
prepared defenses
mobilization points
imperial arrest order
you can not hide forever

locations(10)
cloud city east platform(docking bay)
coruscant docking bay
death star II docking bay
endor
endor landing platform(docking bay)
executor docking bay
fondor
forest
kessel
spaceport docking bay

characters(5)
admiral piet
at-st pilot x3
commander merrejk

starships(23)
accuser x2
flagship executor
tie interceptor x10
victory-class star destroyer x10

interrupts(3)
prepared defenses
twi’lek advisor x2

effects(6)
early warning network
imperial arrest order
imperial decree
mobilization points
omnious rumors
you can not hide forever

combat vehicles(11)
tempest 1
tempest scout x10

admirals orders(2)
battle deployment x2
'

Strategy: '

CARD BY CARD
imperial arrest ordergrabs my many docking bays, and stops nabrun leids.

mobilization pointsto get big activation i need for big blue at bay’s, and to pull executor.

you can not hide foreverto pull early warning network.

prepared defenseslets you start above

early warning networkpull executor docking bay and then deploy this on it.  it lets you react by deploying a tie or a starship out of reserve deck to executors system(will explain more later).

imperial decreestops one demensional speed drainers.

omnious rumorsdeploy on endor system to get drain +2 at you other 2 systems.

twi’lek advisorpull omnious rumors and imperial decree, and a recyclable destiny 5.

battle deploymentgets your TS’s on your bays and opponents sites, and makes opponents starships -2, but not yours cause you have an abbundence of tie/IN’s and vsd’s.

flagship executor powerful and one of the basis’s of your game, explained later.

accusercan deploy as a react if you are weak.

victoryclass star destroyers(vsd’s)-i prefer them over isd’s because of the cost, destiny, hyperspeed, power bonuses on related sites, and they get the job done for me.

tempest 1a great ability 2 combat vehicle.

tie/IN’sdeploy free as a react to same site as executor, and gives your vsd’s immunity to battle deployment.

tempest scoutsyour basic land power, dont count as imperials or aliens, can be pulled from deck with battle deployment, can move as a react for an aditional force which is great with all the docking bays i have, solid deploy and forfeit.

at-st pilotgives your scouts a destiny draw, adds 2 to their power, can be forfeited in place of scouts, and good for any deck for their raise in attrician against apponent.

commander merrejk pulls your systems for you, and adds 2 to power of starships.

admiral pietadds three to power of you ships, gets you merrejk if you need systems, or battle deployment if you havnt gotten it yet.

my many docking baysto get your generation with mob. points, and to react your TS’s to a battle at a bay, and i can pull them to get the 0 destiny’s out of your deck.

kesselstarships deploy cheaper

fondorexecutor gets out early for 7 force

endorlets me run omnious rumors

if i have not explained thorough enough or you do not understand, feel free to give me a message.

STRATEGY
start fondor, prepared defenses, imperial arrest order, mobilization points, and you can not hide forever.

TURN 1before you activate, take flagship executor into hand with mob. points, and drop you cant hide forever for early warning network. now activate, then go on to deploy phase.  take executor docking bay from reserve deck with arrest order and deploy it.  then deploy early warning network on the executor docking bay.  now i will explain the executor trick(well i guess it isnt really a trick); since early warning network is on executor bay, the realted system is wherever the executor is.  here is a little senerio for you you have the executor sitting at fondor with battle deployment on table and they put down home one and an a wing thinkin you will be power -2 with no destiny draw, and will just make you forfeit the executor with their draw, and you also cant react by deploying cause you aint got no force, but you can deploy your tie interceptor for free from reserve deck which gives you a draw, restores the power and gives you forfeit.  i just think its a life saver some times.  after that, continue to pull your docking bays and put your tempest scouts on them for the generation(especially load the 2 docking bays where they have force icons).  the good thing about you tempest scouts are that they can react for an aditional force; here is another little senerio for you you have a single tempest scout sitting at endor docking bay and 3 vsd’s at the endor system(to an unexperienced player they pose no harm, but to a real player, they know their power), and all the sudden they drop general solo and luke with lightsaber thinking it is their 9 power and destiny to your 3 power(actually nine because of the vsd’s which add 2 to power at endor sites each when at endor system) and no destiny.  but all the sudden you react by moving your piloted at-st at death star II docking bay and executor docking bay for a total of 2 force.  now you are a 19 power, 1 destiny, +2 to attrician powerhouse against a 9 power rag tag team of rebels with little immunity.  now, also later in the game, if they are not doing much space and have few systems, load all your force at your systems and balance it out so they are to scared to even challenge you, and stick to their game plan, but with your omnious rumors running, you are averaging a force drain of 8 per turn, and that almost minimum.  so keep all these things and mind and and use your best judgement and i am sure you will do well.

i will take constructive critisicm, but not foolish bashing.  thank you for looking, and happy playing,
		 zach"spirajira"cute

'