---
layout: post
author: Bill "BRay" Gordon
title: 'Numbers & Assassins'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-01-24
description: 'The speed of the numbers puts your opponent on the defensive from the start. Your mains come in as a hit squad to eliminate key characters, utilizing weapons that rarely miss. Although not fool proof, the tactfulness of numbers, and the combination of hig'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

LOCATIONS   (8)
Throne Room
Jungle
Farm
Careful Planning -start

CC-carbonite chamber
CC-guest quarters
Cantina
Rendezvous Point
Yoda's Hut

GREEN	(2)
Landing Claw X2

BLUE   (2)
Gold Leader in G1
Red Leader in R1


CHARACTERS   (22)
Bothan Spy X2
Elom x12
Sergeant Doallyn
Ghoel
Wedge Antilles
Epp Luke
Epp Obi
Epp Han
Epp Leia
Ecc Lando

RED   (26)
Signal x2
Nabrun Leids
Effective Repairs
Wind Chimes x4
Houjix

Bargain Table x2
Push on us x2
Yarna D'al' Gargan x2
Scramble
Do or Do Not
Wise Advice
Battle Plan
Never tell the odds x6





Strategy: 

Starting the Throne Room is very important to get ahead of the game in cards to choose from and use quickly. I like to use the jungle as my first deploy site because the +1 power to aliens and the opponents -2 attrition. The first goal is to get the numbers in their deck ASAP using the Eloms. Even if they start with resistance it forces them to draw and deploy the 3 locations.  Then I start looking for my effects, like the Push to grab the first Torture. Even if the opponent is ready for numbers I can usually get 2 sometimes 3 numbers to work with devastating results throughout the game.

Since I usually deploy first they generally come to me. Most of the battles will then occur at my sites which gives me the edge, Cantina and the jungle are the best due to the game text. I usually do not deploy in mass, but keep whittling away. This tactic puts the numbers working for me, because they are continually having to use force to deploy and draw. I also like to use the EPP's with their weapons to eliminate key characters. Then I forfiet them leaving the Elom's and numbers to work. The other important elements of the Mid-game are the Effects. The games usually have a lot of battles so I really like to initiate free battles, I also like to see them use 3 force only to have bargaining table cancel it, which works good causing the numbers to come up. Monnok can be pretty devastating so the two Fat ladies are important. But after dozens of tournament games with this deck, the scramble has won numerous games all by its self. I also like to use the Effective Repairs during this part of the game. The effects are the back bone of the deck and this card lets you go get one out of the lost pile. One of the more recent evolutions of the deck is the addition of Ghoel. His game text is great, and can easily keep Vader from drawing battle destiny.

In the late stages of the game I might use a landing claw and a ship to get the advantage of free drains, but it really isn't that critical because I do not spread out to drain. Even though I have four wind chimes I usually do not have an opportunity to retrieve because I only want to have enough characters on the table to work the numbers and battle, so I can keep the differential high. I might use the Nabrun one time during the game, but it is there mainly so I can make use of characters stuck somewhere not being effective.

The Game of Star Wars is a lot like paper, rock, scissors. This deck is no exception. Resistance is one card that can slow this deck down to a crawl. But my philosophy is pretty simple. IF they have it in their deck, and IF they get in play, and IF they meet the requirements, and IF they get lucky, they might have a chance beating me. The numbers are the most important part causing the opponent to loose force, then the battling of Characters, then the force drain aspect. If you keep those priorities in line, the deck will work for you.

A heavy space deck, starting Resistance is a tough challenge, especially if it has undercovers. If they don't start Resistance you still have a good chance due to the fast numbers.

Bubo likes Eloms too. But there is saftey in numbers, and the assassin squadron is not far away.




























