---
layout: post
author: ! brad "swccguy" eier
title: ! "Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost Deck"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-07
description: ! "Usually what I do with this deck is play cards to slow my opponent, then I try to win."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start
Endor Operations/ Imperial Outpost
Endor
Endor Bunker
Endor Landing Platform
Twi'lek Advisor

Locations
Coruscant
Dantooine
Death Star
Fondor
Kashyyyk
Kessel
Kiffex

Characters
4-Lom With Concussion Rifle
Admiral Ozzel
Commander Igar
Ds-61-2
Ds-61-3
Ds-61-4
Ephant Mon x 2
General Veers
Grand Moff Tarkin
Ig-88 With Riot Gun
Lieutenant Cabbel
Navy Trooper Vesden
Officer Evax
U-3P0 (Yoo-Threepio)

Starships
Avenger
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Bossk In Hound's Tooth
Conquest
Dengar In Punishing One
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser x 3
Executor
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Vehicles
Blizzard 1
Tempest 1

Effects
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward
Crush the Rebellion
Imperial Arrest Order
Imperial Decree
Ominous Rumors
Oppressive Enforcement
Presence Of The Force x 2
Reactor Terminal
Resistance
Return To Base
Secret Plans
There'll Be Hell To Pay

Interrupts
Alter x 2
Evader x 2
Those Rebels Won't Escape Us
Twi'lek Advisor x 2



'

Strategy: '

this is a deck i've used on and off the past few months, its strong and matches up well vs many top ls decks.
your default start is imperial arrest order. first turn get rumors out. try to get an ephant mon to bunker quick. set up in space. drain, battle, win.

response to reviews like i said before, i dont need security precautions. i eun 8 systems and a flipped hb runs 5, therefore i play a card to malke them lose 2 force, not worth it.
i dont really need perimeter patrol, but if you wanted to be safe you could add it.
starting surface defense is a great idea i overlooked, thanks for the suggestion.
to zunkuss what the hell are you talking about? you never told me about an endor deck? plus i've played this off-and-on since february, dont believe me chech out my rumors deck i posted a few months ago. oh yeah about thosze 1/2 star reviews, your decks may have been 2 star but i had to make up for the 5 star you gave yourself from your other account.

matchups
ops Start battle order. get some guys to bunker, which will help both rumors AND decree, the 2 cards you need to shut down operatives. cancel their bonuses, drain in space. alter i hope she'll be allright. if they claw try to cancel it, or fly your ship to a place like coruscant where you cant drain.
throneroom plenty of anti revo stuff here. start crush, pull an evader. drain in space, they cant handle that. get out chybc if they revo thier stuff to drain at. battle in space if they come there. i wouldnt put much on ground, except mabey for a decent sized crew consisting of elephant man and others at bunker to help rumors (only do this if you have an evader in hand, otherwise they'll revo bunker and kick your ass)
hidden base omdh start iao. battle like crazy in space. put together the evil 'falcon' (zuckuss+iggy+4lom= 3 destinys like falcon). use return to base, its a good card (bacta tank for ships). use dengar to cancel some immunity. i dont use security precautions because i play 8 systems, they need atleast 5 to flip, means they will lose like 2 force cause of it, not enough to make using it worthwhile.
other stuff drain. most of the time try to control their system to stop flipping/celebration/whatever. decree for profit.
resistance/vesden for odds.

no vader????
hell no, hes a liability. you drop him, they run and play fury on him, so you lose 2 a turn, that sucks. then you get into using YAB and stuff to stop that. and theres stuff like glancing blow. thats why no vader.


any questions contact me before reviewing the deck, that way you can review it honestly with a complete understanding
of the stragety
'