---
layout: post
author: ! Eddie "ISBop" Brown
title: ! "ISB/IAO drain"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-01-26
description: ! "This deck uses Imperial Arrest Order to get lots of docking bays for your ISBs to drain at.  It flips very quickly, probably on turn 2-3."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (12)
Corulag
Kiffex
Kashyyyk
Endor Back Door
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Spaceport Docking Bay x2
Yavin 4 Docking bay
Endor Landing Platform
Coruscant

Characters (23)
Admiral Motti
Grand Moff Tarkin
DS-61-2
Darth Vader with Lightsaber
Boba Fett
Mara Jade
DS-61-3
Sargeant Tarl
Probe Droid x2
Snowtrooper Officer x2
Navy Trooper Vesden
Corporal Derdram
Colonel Wullf Yularen
Admiral Ozzel
Lieutenant Pol Treidum
Officer Evax
Outer Rim Scout
Chyler
Chall Bekan
Sargeant Torent

Starships (9)
Imperial-Class Star Destroyer
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser x3
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
IG-88 in IG-2000
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Dengar in Punishing One

Weapons (1)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Interrrupts (8)
Gravity Shadow
Sneak Attack x3
Imperial Supply
Twi'lek Advisor x3

Effects (7)
Lateral Damage
Imperial Arrest Order
Undercover x2
Broken Concentration
There Is No Try
Reactor Terminal

Objective ISB Operations/Empire's Sinister Agents



'

Strategy: '

This deck is very easy to play.  Just start with ISB, Coruscant and Imperial Arrest Order.  Pull either Yavin 4 or Hoth docking bays first.  Just save up force.  Put a couple cheap ISBs there, and by turn 3, you can flip the objective.  Keep pulling docking bays with IAO and dropping ISBs like mad.  Play some mains and high-stats guys to back up your relatively weak ISBs.  Stick Mara and her glowstick at Back Door or Cantina for a drain of 3, 4 with an ISB there.  Use the Undercovers for blocking a big drain.  There Is No Try keeps your red cards safe.  The bounty hunter ships will keep space pretty well covered for additional drains. Make sure to leave a couple sites with only spies that look pretty 'weak' to your opponent.  When the beatdown comes, drop Sneak Attack.  Boom, instant power or battle destiny at least +3 or +4  Stick Chall at Cantina or Docking Bay 94, and pull the one ORS if it's not already out.	There's only one for fear of Grimmy, and plus I only have one.  Watch out for MWYHL, though, it can hurt you.	Broken Concentration should be a great help, though.  Good Luck, and May The Force Be With You. '