---
layout: post
author: ! jim "Bob A Fett" robertson
title: ! "Bargawins?? What the HELL??"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-04
description: ! 'My take on dawi's super-teched out EBO Bargawins, including some DS2.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start
Hoth Main Power Generators
Hoth North Ridge
The Signal
A New Secret Base

Locations
Hoth
Ralltir
Kessel
Kiffex
Hoth Echo War Room
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Med Lab

Admiral’s Orders
Capital Support

Characters
Commander Luke Skywalker
Luke Skywalker Jedi Knight
EPP Obi-Wan
Boushh
Captain Han Solo
General Calrissian
Derek Hobbie Klivian
Chewbacca of Kashhyk
Admiral Ackbar
First Officer Thaneespi
Raltiir Freighter Captain
Commander Evram Lajaie
Figrin Dan
Ishi Tib x3
Bargawin x4

Starships
Millenium Falcon
R2-D2 in Red 5
Defiance
Liberty
Redemption
Spiral
Home 1
YT-1300 Transport
Red Leader in Red 1

Weapons
Intruder Missile x3
Ewok Catapult x2
Power Harpoon
Golan Laser Battery
X-wing Laser Cannons

Vehicles
Rogue 4

Effects
Kessel Run x2
Echo Base Garrison
Echo Base Operations
Bacta Tank
Traffic Control
Haven
Honor Of the Jedi

Interrupts
Hyper Escape x2
Alter x2
Sense x2
'

Strategy: '

Ok here is your basic EBO&#8230;not Props to David Akers, the original designer of EBO Bargawins. Here is the strategy, broken down by card type.

Starting Basic EBO start. Main Power Generators and ANSB. Simple
Locations Raltir is for the Kessel Runs plus its reactability. Kiffex can be pulled for a big drain
Admirals Orders Basically just used to cancel my opponents although it does give some nice Direct Damage (obi wan is a general, remember?) and grants nice immunity.
Characters Bargawins are the backbone of this deck. Lose a weapon, retrieve it, rinse and repeat. Track the high destiny for some good battle damage and retrieval. (Read David&#8217;s bargawin deck for more in depth strategy). Luke is to be pulled with EBG, put in his ship if you face BHBM, and replaced if he is needed on the ground. Captain Han and General Calrissian go in the Falcon. Commander Evarm lets you react to Hoth. Ackbar and Thanispeei go on Home 1. Figrin gets some retrieval going.
Starships Put the Raltir Captain in the Transport for some mad Kessel Running Action R2 in R5 with Luke and the falcon should support your capital ships. You don&#8217;t need a big drain because you aren&#8217;t losing much. Just enough to chip away at your opponent, along with some nice battle damage in space. RLiR1 is for cannons or the DS AO that needs Starfighters and Capitals at same system.
Weapons Lose em, retrieve em, track em and draw em. Rinse and repeat deploy the power harpoon on Rouge 4 if they try to invade Hoth with walkers and put the golan laser battery at the MPGs if the invade with characters. Otherwise use them for losing and retrieving.
Effects Bacta Tank for lost characters, HOTJ for direct damage(search and destroy) and hunt down. Haven for cheap deploy, Ebo for drains and kessel Runs for mad retrieval.
Interrupts Hyper Escape away from battles and back up your effects and interrupts with S&A.



'