---
layout: post
author: ! Nick "JediBrain" Stefanko
title: ! "Crusade Of Salvation"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-22
description: ! 'This deck is an action-packed battle deck.  In tournament play, this deck performed beautifully and ran quite fast.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'LOCATIONS (7)
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Endor Chief Chirpa's Hut
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Home One War Room
Rendezvous Point
Spaceport Docking Bay
Tatooine Cantina

CHARACTERS (19)
Captain Han Solo
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk
Colonel Cracken
Corporal Beezer
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Leia With Blaster Rifle (x2)
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Orrimaarko
Tycho Celchu
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Kal'Falnl C'ndros
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Tawss Khaa
Yoda
ASP-707 (x3)

STARSHIPS (4)
Green Squadron 3
Millennium Falcon
Red Squadron 1
Tala 1

VEHICLE (1)
Chewie's AT-ST

WEAPONS (6)
Ewok Catapult (x5)
Luke's Lightsaber

OBJECTIVE
There Is Good In Him/I Can Save Him

EFFECTS (15)
Bacta Tank
Battle Plan
Draw Their Fire
Frozen Assets (x2)
Honor Of The Jedi
I Feel The Conflict
Insurrection
Mantellian Savrip (x2)
Squadron Assignments
Staging Areas
What're You Tryin' To Push On Us? (x2)
Wise Advice

INTERRUPTS (7)
Heading For The Medical Frigate
On The Edge (x2)
The Signal (x2)
Weapon Levitation (x2)'

Strategy: '

Starting stuff
There Is Good In Him/I Can Save Him, Endor Chief Chirpa's Hut, Luke Skywalker Jedi Knight, Luke's Lightsaber, Endor Landing Platform, I Feel The Conflict, Heading For The Medical Frigate for Wise Advice, Staging Areas, and Insurrection

Object of deck
Despite the possibility of a first-turn choke, this objective in general holds great potential.  For this design, taking that first-turn choke won't matter too much; it's geared more for midgame situations based off of what your opponent deploys.
The goal of this deck is to flip and win through conversion of Vader.  Mantellian Savrip and Bacta Tank keep your cards on table so that you can be almost fully insured to win battles.  Yoda at his Hut also helps with this. Beezer and the 2 Frozen Assets will help prevent those pesky Ralltiir Ops reacts.  Squadron Assignments can help with controlling any systems your opponent deploys.  WYTTPOU can nab any bothersome interrupts of your opponent's.
A virtue of this design is versatility.  If you're playing against an all-ground deck, you can save the pilots for ground-pounds and forfeit their starships with the Savrip.	If you're playing against an all-space deck, 4 ships combined with the power of the Savrip and with help from Yoda can keep them alive.
Drawing 7's for battle destiny is a beautiful thing.  This is where the ASPs and the Ewok Catapults come in.  You use Weapon Levitation to pull them out of your Used Pile, and then have the ASPs put them on top of your Reserve Deck.  With the 7's for destiny, you should be able to win most (if not all) of the battles you initiate.
Chewie's AT-ST has a purpose in this deck.  With its forfeit of 5, if makes for a good Savrip sacrifice.  It can power down your opponent's AT-STs.  It prevents your guys on the ground from getting nailed by Always Thinking With Your Stomach.  All in all, not too bad of a card.
The deck is designed to work fast, thereby not requiring a devout retrieval engine.  Draw Their Fire should keep you alive and in the game.  On The Edge with an ASPed 7 can come through with retrieval of 6 per.
'