---
author: Eric "bounty22" Hunter
title: 'where their is scum, there is vilany..'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-02
description: 'this utilizes the power of scum and viliany to kick but.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

(9)
Coruscant
Jabba's Palace: Audience Chamber  x2
Jabba's Palace: Dungeon
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Jabba's Palace  x2(st)
Tatooine: Jundland Wastes
Tatooine: Tusken Canyon(st)

(19)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Bane Malar
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Brangus Glee
Chall Bekan
Djas Puhr
Dr. Evazan
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Jabba the Hutt
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand	x3
Outer Rim Scout  x5
Prophetess
Zuckuss

(5)
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Jabba's Space Cruiser
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

(25)
Alter  x3
Combat Readiness
Elis Helrot  x2
Lone Warrior  x3
Moment Of Triumph  x3
Sense  x5
Twi'lek Advisor
You Are Beaten	x2
Image Of The Dark Lord
Scum And Villainy  x3
Security Precautions

(2)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber  x2


Strategy: 

This deck is a machine. It retrives force, batles, adds destiny, and screw profit. to start off with this deck you start eith tusken canyon and combat readiness for tat: JP. From there i take out AC and mara w/ saber. Then i might put down a guy to support mara and i start drawing for S&V.once i get that out i battle and retrive, sac and smack, and other stuff.

against operatives- i would do my normal start. from here i would go and retive force and bellt them. i would sense anything or alter anything they play. they might be able to out drain you so a battle plan may want to be added. this way you can battle for free, retive, hopefully clear the site. then battle again. i haven't played this against ops so i'm not really sre how it would perform.

against profit- do normal start and convert their locations. control the chambar and drain. if they try to pull the OTE thing just alter it. this game would go very much into your favor.

against revolution decks- since my 2 JP sites are imune to revolutions and most of my sites are 1/1 it woun't matter. i will just drain and batle, and let S&V work like a charm.

against numbers- basicly you should get a quick start and try to get a drain. if #'s are big in your area add a ultimatum or 2 tortures.if they play suicide mains to it still won't be that much of a problem.

against M&T- basicly you battle, retrive, sac, and control the game. also try to fortifie 2 locations only to avoida killer samck. plus w/ elis you may be able to perform your own.

against HB. here you just get a drain and draw. then you can batlle their shops to retrive, and make sure to probe. this game should go in your favor.

against OMDH(been quite popular)- same against hidden base. this should go in your favor.

agaimst anything else- sac, batle, retrive and jsut play smartly.

thank you for your time.
later 