---
layout: post
author: ! Andy "s_0_s" McKIllip
title: ! "BIE/B/Inhanced BIBeatdownBIB"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-12-10
description: ! "This is a non-Baragwin EBO that I use to drain Battle and Beat. It uses a different aproach than the signal/A New Secret Base start."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting6 (will explain Below)
Hoth Main Power Generators
Hoth North Ridge
Heading Towards The Medical Frigate
Squadron Assignments
Staging Areas
Insurrection

Effects 9
Echo Base Operations
New Secret Base
Disarmed
Legendary Starfighter
Draw Their Fire
Projection of a Skywalker
Ice Storm
Traffic Control

Interuppts 9
Hyper Escape x2
Rebel Barrier x2
It Could Be Worse x2
Signal x3

Ships 12
Home One
Tantive IV
Spiral
Masanya
Liberty
Defiance
Indepencce
Red Squadron 1
Blue Squadron 5
R2-D2 in Red 5
Lando in Falcon
Red Squadron 4

Characters17
Ten Numb
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Chewie with Blaster Rifle
Melas
BoShek
Tycho
Luke Skywalker
Luke With Lightsaber
Figrin D’an
KFC
Orrimaarko
Han Solo
Tawss Khaa
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Obi-Wan with Lightsaber
Boushh
Lando with Blaster Pistol

Locations 7
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Command Center
Hoth Echo Corridor
Mon Calamari
Sullust
Endor
Rendezvous Point  '

Strategy: '

OK before anyone syas start Signal and grab A New Secret base, it tried it, it doesn’t work for me, I tried that with baragwins too, it didn’t work, then I tried this. Worked great for me. First turn I grab Echo DB and , then I usually have Signal or A new Secret Base so I either spend 3 of my force to get it or Deploy from if I have it, I have both I grab projection. I draw my remaining force. 2nd turn I deploy a character to Echo DB and get Command Center and Corridor if possible. Then I really start going. If opponent sets up a ground drain I 1. Deploy Projection, 2. deploy Boush(preferably), or 3. Beat down. If I ever deploy Luke to beat down I usually forfeit him so Luke Skywalker can go to space. Then I play like a normal EBO usually deploying to Rendezvous Point and moving unless I want to beat down.
Tech
Sullust, Endor and Hyper Escape If you read sullust and endors text it says that moving is -1 to several places, so most places I can Hyper Escape if ZiMH comes around, or for some reason I don’t have much power somewhere(rarely happens).
Figrin D’an I usually Deploy him to command center or some where and let him sit and retrieve force. Most Characters with Ships only go to space unless I really need them on ground(ie- Chewie usually hits the Falcon)

Reasons why I don’t
Super Falcon I can’t, I don’t have Cap’n Han or Leia with Gun. I can’t even set up Semi-Super Falcon with Han with gun and CHewie BEcause I don’t have Han with gun Either
Darklighter Spin I will, I have bought boxes of se and honestly not got 1 I’ll probably pick a couple up next Tourney.
Corporal Marmor + Docking bay + Hoth I am debating whether to use this or not (to deploy my starfighters to echo DB retrieve 1 force and move them up). It was a last cut.
Baragwins I found myself having handfuls of cards I didn’t need.
Weapons In my area they are not needed. It is easier and less card intensive to get them with attrition.

Thanks for the review I would list Different decktypes and how to counter them but there are so many different decks out right now in my area and none are real popular. People are also experimenting so much you’re better off to stick to playing your game rather than countering your opponents.

~s_0_s~
'