---
author: Chris "Wedge231" Wodicka
title: 'Gundam Wing - White Dingo Sideshow 238478928'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-18
description: 'Latest revision of my Raltiir deck.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations (10)
Raltiir
Swamp
Jungle
Forest
Spaceport Docking Bay
Executor: Docking Bay
Kashyyyk
Rendili
Hoth: Ice Plains
Hoth: Wampa Cave

Characters (18)
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Emperor Palpatine
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Janus Greejatus
Adrimal Ozzel
Lieutenant Endicott
Lieutenant Cabbel
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
Colonel Davod Jon
Officer Evax
Lieutenant Arnet
Commander Igar
Lieutenant Commander Ardan
AT-ST Pilot x2
Captain Sarkli

Starships (6)
Dreadnaught Class-Heavy Cruiser
Chimaera
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Dengar in Punishing One
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth

Vehicles (5):
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 6
Tempest 1
Blizzard Scout 1
Blizzard 2

Interrupts (8)
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
Ghhhk
Imperial Barrier
Ommni Box
Shocking Revelation
Prepared Defenses (Starting)
Alter x2

Effects (12)
Oppressive Enforcement
They’ll Be Hell To Pay
Come Here You Big Coward
Search and Destroy
Lateral Damage
Overseeing It Personally
Imperial Decree
Reactor Terminal
Mobilization Points (Starting)
Imperial Arrest Order (Starting)
Battle Order
Ability, Ability, Ability

Objective:
Raltiir Operations/In The Hand Of The Empire 

Strategy: 

------- Responses to reviews -------
Yes, Profit will be an extremely tough game. You just have to try to outdrain them and take out Han.

No, I like Shut Him Up better than Sense because of higher destiny and if your opponent has Wise Advice out Alter will just put Bacta Tank back in his deck so I’d rather have it in his lost pile.

I do not see numbers by me. I might fit in a You Cannot Hide Forever In as a starting effect so if I want, I can ditch it to get something I need.

Yes, I will have trouble versus Speeders or Eloms but with high forfeits and reacting I can usually come out without much damage.

Fallen Portal doesn’t work on people in walkers because those characters are not present at the site. People, read the rules before you make stupid reviews.

I don’t own the Dominator, wish I did though. Also, I think that Lord Vader is a little too much for deploy. He is not that vital to my deck that I have to worry about Fury. I just won’t deploy him then.

ALSO, DO NOT TELL ME TO ADD TRAMPLE. YES IT WOULD WORK WELL IN HERE BUT I DONT OWN ANY SO IF I DID THEY WOULD BE IN HERE

-----------------------------------

DO NOT TELL ME THIS IS NOT ORIGINAL, MORE THAN HALF THE DECKS ON THE SITE ARE NOT ORIGINAL. IF YOU’RE NOT A 1900+ PLAYER, CHANCES ARE THAT YOU CAN’T MAKE A GOOD ORIGINAL DECK! I AM JUST A LOWLY 1700 PLAYER AND I DONT TELL PEOPLE THAT THERE DECKS ARENT ORIGINAL WHEN THEY ARE OBVIOUSLY NOT. I TRY TO TELL THEM WEAK POINTS IN THERE DECK. IF YOU ARE GOING TO REVIEW MY DECK, TELL ME HOW TO IMPROVE IT AT LEAST.

The deck has gone 4-0 so far in tournament play and is around 20-0 or better in playtesting. The title is inspired by the Dreamcast game: Gundam Wing Sidestory 0079 Rise Up From The Ashes. Here’s a revised strategy:

Basically you pull a Raltiir site, Executor Docking Bay, and Rendili on your first turn and put some dude at the docking bay. Then you get a minimum of 8 force. Then you keep pulling stuff until you have alot of activation and you flip. I think you should flip 3rd turn by the latest, usually second turn. Then use the flip side of the objective to pull stuff from your reserve and battle them with +3-4 to your battle destiny. You should be able to kick them off most of their locations plus Overseeing It Personally gives you extra drains.

Locations: The generic sites and Raltiir are necessary to flip. The Hoth sites are for activation or for setting up Imperial Decree. Rendili and Executor DB are for activation while Kashyyyk is for a battleground system.

Characters: Most of the 2/2 guys are decent pilots and can go to Executor DB for Mob Points +2 activation. These guys are also good with Imperial Arrest Order for forfeit fodder. Vader and IG-88 are for battling and the Emperor is for setting up Overseeing It Personally. Janus is for support on Raltiir or maybe battling somewhere. Igar and his walker are good to battle with and the AT-ST pilots are for automatic draws with the AT-ST’s. Sarkli is for cancelling activation at twix locations and he is a spy.

Ships: The bounty hunter ships all have neat effects on the opponent’s ships. Dengar is to get rid of Home One, the Falcon, or some ship with immunity as well as swarm decks. Zuckuss makes it so they need 7 ability to draw battle destiny. Fett can hold a system by himself, Bossk is an automatic draw, the Dreadnaught is for loading pilots up on and battling. The Chimaera can have pilots put on it and battle around in space with it and it has immunity.

Vehicles: The AT-ST’s are for reacting around, protecting Raltiir and Tempest 1 is for Igar. Blizzard 2 and a 2/2 pilot can hold down a site hopefully.

Interrupts: Ghhhk is for your guys at the docking bays or if they just beat you down with like 10 Eloms. Prepared Defenses is your starting interrupt. Barrier is to protect from beatdown and Shut Him Up or Shut Him Down is to cancel Bacta Tank or Death Star Plans. Shocking and Ommni Box are recycling 5’s. Use them to track. Ommni Box against people who are tracking and use Shocking if they use Oola. I threw in two alters because of the card’s versatility and it is just awesome.

Effects: IAO is to help you pull docking bays, help out your 2/2 guys, and to prevent Nabrun beatdowns. Mob Points is to pull Rendili and to give you extra activation at docking bays. Come Here You Big Coward, Battle Order, and Imperial Decree help stop drains or retrieval. Oppressive Enforcement so your grabbers get out free and for S/A. S&D and AAA helps punish non-interactive decks. Overseeing It Personally gives you a nice drain of 2 at each Raltiir site if Emperor is at a Raltiir site you control. Grabbers are for abusive interrupts. Reactor Terminal puts cards back in your reserve deck and let’s you track. Lateral Damage is to hurt space decks like EBO or HB.

Now this is customized to my local meta. If you want to include another grabber or add odds protection or anything you want. I think a Trample or two would be nice in here and maybe an Overload. Here’s some strategy:

Vs. Profit
Should be pretty easy. Use IG-88 to capture Han back use your massive battle destinies, drain on Raltiir and in space. Use walkers to keep your guys from getting Fallen Portalled.

Vs. Mains
Pretty hard. They get lots of activation and can beat you down. Try to set up fast with lots of activation. React around to prevent beatdown.

Vs. Eloms
Hard matchup I think. Set up fast and in space. Reacting is big here as well as huge destinies. They will lose at least 2 Eloms to battle destiny while you are flipped plus DVDLOTS and IG-88 with take out two Eloms per battle.

Vs. There Is Good In Him:
Flip fast, drain, use massive battle destinies and Lateral Damage and your bounty hunters ships. Might want to grab Luke to like Executor docking bay or something like that.

Vs. Endor/Farm
Same as above really. Use Lateral Damage, BH ships, massive battle destinies and kill him with drains on the ground.

Vs. Hidden Base
Don’t deploy until after he flips and then probe all the systems. Search and Destroy will hurt him. If he goes to the ground beat him down. Early ground drains will hurt him.

Vs. EBO
Try to set up and flip. Get Decree out and drain him on the ground. S&D might help and if he comes out beat his guys down. Use space fleet and Lateral damage. Pile up pilots on the Dreadnaught and the Chimaera.

Vs. Anything else
Just flip and get the deck going. Battle him where he is and if he comes to you react and kill him.

I tried to cover most of everything. Your suggestion are welcome.

- Wedge231: White Dingo Commander
http://tosche.swccgnews.com		