---
author: Ivan "ZippyDaJedi" Kanner
title: 'DSII Closed Enviroment'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-30
description: 'Great deck for the DSII closed tourneys. Utilizes scouts with a compliment of scout based effects and interrupts.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

DSII Enviroment

[STARTING CARDS]
Endor Operations
Prepared Defenses
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
You Cannot Hide Forever
Endor
Endor: Bunker
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay)

Characters
   9x Biker Scout Trooper
   1x Captain Sarkli
   1x Colonel Davod Jon
   1x Corporal Avarik
   1x Corporal Drelosyn
   1x Corporal Misik
   1x Corporal Oberk
   1x Lieutenant Grond
   1x Sergeant Barich
   1x Sergeant Elsek
   1x Sergeant Irol

Effects
   1x Aratech Corporation
   1x Perimeter Patrol
   1x Relentless Tracking

Interrupts
   1x Don’t Move!
   1x Freeze!
   1x Ghhhk
   2x High-speed Tactics
   1x Hot Pursuit
   2x Monnok
   1x Pitiful Little Band
   3x Sneak Attack

Locations
   1x Carida
   1x Endor: Dark Forest
   1x Endor: Dense Forest
   1x Endor: Forest Clearing

Starships
   1x Dominator
   3x Scythe Squadron TIE
   1x The Emperor’s Shield
   1x The Emperor’s Sword

Vehicles
   5x Speeder Bike

Weapons
   3x Scout Blaster 

Strategy: 

First off, you’re not going for the flip. This is a straight battle deck. If they don’t battle you, drain away.
If you didn’t get Aratech Corp in your opening hand, dump You Cannot Hide Forever and go get it. Also, if you didn’t get Carida in your opening hand, use Mobilization Points to grab that as well. You should have some Scouts and bikes in your opening hand. In this type of tourney, most (if not all) light side players will be playing RST and have the Rebel Landing Site out. This will give you 6 Force on turn 1. Deploy bikes and scouts to the RLS to nullify their game text. If they come down to battle you, ’react’ with Scout Blasters, and an assortment of Interrupts. Game should be over in about 2-3 turns.

Card specifics:
Avarik on a bike and Elsek - adds 3 to your battle destiny and covers all attrition and battle damage
Dresolyn & Irol - adds a destiny
Misik - adds to Blaster draw; adds to power when with Barich
Oberk - can capture a missing character (tough to do, but possible though)
Grond - Scout chump
Barich - destiny reducer
Relentless Tracking - make ’em lose Force. Nobody is using Honor Of The Jedi in this format!
Don’t Move! - Trooper variation of Hidden Weapons
Freeze! - instant Perimeter Patrol and a semi-You Are Beaten all in one.
High-Speed Tactics - add a destiny
Hot Pursuit - cancel a react
Pitiful Little Band - add a destiny (and if you can capture a spy of ability < 3, sacrifice them at the Bunker and retrieve double their forfeit.
Sneak Attack - pile on the destiny total

This deck has proved quite good for me, going undefeated in DSII closed tourney play. 