---
layout: post
author: ! William "FredDurst100" Diniega
title: ! "Speed  space  Palpy  and lots of ships"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-10-02
description: ! "This deck can get you activating 12 force, a Palpy out to alter and sense with, and be able to swarm your opponent with bounty hunters and interceptors on the second turn."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (9)
Alderran (start)
Death star docking bay 327 (start)
Death star (start)
Kiffex
Corulag
Kashyyyk
Sullust
Kessel
Endor

Characters (7)
Baron soontir fel
Commander Merrejk x3
Emperor Palpatine x3

Starships (22)
Tie Interceptor x10
Saber 1
Boba Fett in slave 1
Bossk in hound’s tooth
Dengar in punishing one
Ig88 in Ig2000
Zuckuss in mist hunter
Death star assault squadron
Dreadnaught-class heavy cruiser x5

Interrupts (14)
Monnok
Masterful move
It’s worse
All power to weapons x4
Short Range fighters x2
Prepared defenses (start)
Alter x2
Sense x2

Effects (7)
Well guarded x2
Dreaded imperial starfleet
Reactor terminal
Mobilization Points (start)
Battle order (start)
Crossfire (start)

Objective (1)
Set your course for Alderran/The	ultimate power in the universe
'

Strategy: '

Here’s what you do. On the first turn you should drop either a Palpy or Merrejk at the docking bay 327.  You pull corulag with mobilization points and if you dropped merrejk, pull another battleground system. Also drop a system if you have one in your starting hand.  On second turn you have 3 force from Death Star, 1 from palpy if he’s on table, 3 from docking bay because you should control it and it gets +2 if you control it from mobilization points, 2 from corulag, and another 2 from any other system you dropped.  That’s a total of 12 force. If Merrejk is on table pull another system (do this almost every turn). You’ll be able to drop a lot of ships with all the force you have and you won’t have to pay to drain because you occupy the docking bay and a battleground system. You pretty much just battle and drain the rest of the way.

Against EBO
  You should be able to take this out because you’ll have a lot of space to block your opponent’s drains and you should be able to out battle your opponent.

Against There is good in him
  Pretty much just out drain your opponent in space and if he comes into space battle him off the table.

Against Mind what you have learned
  You shouldn’t have a problem be cause you don’t have a lot of drain bonuses and can out battle him in space.

Agains Mains and toys
  Let your opponent have the ground you’ll have space and if he drops a super falcon just drop Dengar in P1 and some other ships to take it out.

Against Xwing swarm
  There’s a reason why I use Interceptors.

Against hidden base
  Just take over space and probe the systems.

Against Profit
  Battle order should slow your opponent down and you’ll be draining big in space which is way more than his direct damage. If he drops The celebration just go take over Tattoine and cancel it.

That should be eough for you to see that this deck can combat most of the decks out there. I hope you will have fun if you play this deck.

William Diniega
No Luke, I did it all for the NOOKIE '