---
layout: post
author: ! Carson "tarkinsaide" Swanek
title: ! "EBO, old Hoth style"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-07-11
description: ! 'A pumped-up old-school Hoth deck with modern assistance.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting 4
Hoth Main Power Generators
Hoth North Ridge
The Signal
A New Secret Base

Locations8
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Hoth Echo Corridor
Hoth
Yavin 4
Tatooine
Bothawui
Kiffex

Characters9
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Boushh
Orrimaarko
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Luke With Lightsaber
Zev Senesca
Derek Hobbie Klivian
Commander Wedge Antilles

Starships15
X-wing x15

Interrupts14
It Could Be Worse x3
Organized Attack x3
Surprise Assault
The Signal x2
All Wings Report In x2
Out Of Nowhere
Lost In The Wilderness
Sense

Effects8
Echo Base Garrison
Haven
Traffic Control
Echo Base Operations
Incom Corporation x2
Yarna dal Gargan
Rebel Fleet

Devices1
Landing Claw

Weapons2
X-wing Laser Cannon
Planet Defender Ion Cannon'

Strategy: '

Well, this is pretty much your normal EBO deck, with a few twists.  For those of you who dont know how this works, here it goes
1st turn get out Echo Base Garrison and the War Room.	With EBG you pull a Rouge Squadron pilot and put him in the War Room.
2nd turn get out 2 other Hoth sites and deploy another pilot
3rd turn get out EBO and start launching your X-wings

This deck utilitizes the best of the X-wings without S-foils, using cards such as Organized Attack and Incom Corporation.  Incom Corp. is included twice in my deck because it allows me to draw destiny with only 2 x-wings, not 4.  It also raises their power by one.  I havent included any drain 3 systems because I cant pull them and I dont want 0s floating around.  Use Haven at either Hoth or Yavin 4, depending on where you need it most.  I have an underused weapon in here, the Planet Defender Ion Cannon.  It works rather well to keep your opponent from bothering you on Hoth; it can take down the power of star destroyers.  Now for specific strategies against certain deck types.

vs. Hunt Down Drain the heck out of them.  Visage will be bothering them more than it will you.  When Vader gets out, kill him.

vs. ROps Get control of their planet fast.  Their space fleet will be no match for you.

vs. Court Watch out for their starships, especially Zuckuss In Mist Hunter.  Hopefully if they get an easy beatdown on 2 x-wings, you can deploy a bunch and beat them down.

vs. D* Tough match.  Save your ICBW and Sense for if they blow up Hoth.  I screwed a deck like this with ICBW.  I was extremely lucky that he had no Its Worse, which is the reason Sense is in here.	Beat down their star destroyers and drain quickly.

vs. Anything Else Use the x-wings to drain the heck out of them and use the characters to annoy them.

Thats all for now.  Please tell me what to take out as well as what to put in.
Thanx
---Carson'