---
layout: post
author: ! Alex "george3785" George
title: ! "Hidden Base Lockdown"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-01-13
description: ! "It allows you to deploy ships fast with Haven. Then once you flip you set up big drains. You try to cancel most of opponbents force drains with undercover spies"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (10)
Rendezvous Point
Endor x2
Kiffex x2
Corulag
Yavin 4
Coruscant
Tatooine
Kessel

Characters (17)
Han with Heavy Blaster Pistol x2
Luke with Lightsaber x2
Obi-Wan with Lightsaber
Chewbacca of Kashyyk
Chebacca
Wedge Antilles
Orrimaarco
Melas
Kal'Falnl C'ndros
Boushh
Leia Organa
Momaw Nadon
Jeroen Webb
Wyron Serper

Starships (18)
Corellian Corvette x6
Red Leader in Red 1
Red Squadron X-Wing x3
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Gold Squadron Y-Wing x3
Lando in Millennium Falcon
Spiral
Tantive 4
Redemption

Interupts (3)
The Signal (S)
It Could Be Worse x2

Effects (11)
Battle Plan
Haven (S)
Civil Disorder
Projection Of A Skywalker x2
Draw Their Fire
Undercover x3
The Planet That It's Farthest From
Traffic Control

Objective
Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip Through Your Fingers
'

Strategy: '

First off, this deck has proved to be a great deck for me going 10 out of 12 in the last four tournaments. You start with the objective, the planet, The Signal, Rndezvous Point, and Haven.You deploy your ships and effects as soon as you can get them. the ships deploy for cheep at the Rendezvous Point with Haven and then move for free to Endor, which is the planet I try to get on the first turn. The effects in this deck are very important and provide almost all of the back bone for the deck. Versus operatives deploy battle order, the planet that it is farthest from, and under cover spies to really limit their drains. Against Hunt Down cancel all their drains and send an undercover spy to the holotheator, and stay away from vader and it can be a fairly easy match. Against ISB do the same things that you'd do for the operatives to stop their drains.
Against the ECC DS objective deploy under cover spies and your whole ground force on cloud city to stop them from deploying Dark Deal and flipping the objective. While you counter all of their objectives you wait up in space with a large fleet at each system and do some big force drains to finish them off. If they ever do probe and have security precautions, use the it Could Be Worse's to stop the loss. This deck is great against all different types of decks and so far i havent really found a weakness except for Some Hunt Down decks. '