---
layout: post
author: Geoff "gsiva" Snider
title: 'Not for Profit Organization'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-03-20
description: ! 'fast drain deck that can drain your opponent out in as fast as 6 turns with an ideal draw.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'objective
you can either profit by this/
or be destroyed

locations (6)
tatooine JP
tatooine JPaudience chamber
tatooine cantina x2
tatooine mos eisley x2

characters (21)
han solo
han w/gun x3
leia w/gun x2
chewie w/gun
master luke x5
ben kenobi x5
b'omarr monk x3
tessek

interrupts (23)
sorry about the mess x3
sense x6
alter x2
you will take me to jabba now x1
nar shadaa wind chimes x2
nabrun leids x3
skywalkers
don't get @#$%y
gift of the mentor x2
the signal x2

effects (3)
goo nee tay
order to engauge
yoda's gimer stick

weapons (6)
anakin's lightsaber x3
obi-wan's lightsaber x3
'

Strategy: '

the deck sets up a fast drain, hopefully with Master Luke +stick and Ben Kenobi +stick on the first turn or two, follow this up with a monk or two, and you're gonna be draining and occupying for alot right away.  i kinda thought that this'd be a good way to mess with ROPS...since you pressure them RIGHT AWAY to do something about your drains, etc.  maybe they'll lose decree off the top or something, and maybe their Reacts will get sensed. finally, just run around with OOE and the Gimer stick.

i did not give myself 5 star ratings with multiple accounts.  that's really gay.  so what if somebody eats Ben's "soup?"  like ben really matters in this deck.  i also would like to point out that most of my decks are strictly meta-game choices, and they aren't meant to beat EVERYTHING.  i don't EVER play cards to stop dark side Odds decks, and if IAOrder or Decree hit the table i'll be in a serious bind either way.

what the deck specifically does, is set up a HUGE drain really fast.  hopefully fast enough to mess your opponent up to the point that he'll lose some of his crucial cards.

nabrun leids is not only a great offensive card, but defensive as well  they come for the beatdown on Han?  OH  Nabrun away.	 '