---
layout: post
author: ! Zell "Krogoth" Davidson
title: ! "Destiny Swarm-The Ultimate Beatdown"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-05-17
description: ! "This is a deck that is capable of a large beatdown while also being able to apply a small choke."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Throne Room (Starting Location)
Swamp (Start With Careful Planning)
Farm (Start With Careful Planning)
Kessel
Massasi War Room
Rendezvous Point
Obis Hut
Hoth ECC
Chirpas Hut
Yoda's Hut


Nudj x2

Oola x2
Tawss Khaa
Orimaarko
Romas Lock Navander
Chewie With Blaster
Obi Wan Kenobi x2
Luke With Lightsaber x2
Leia With Blaster x2
Han With Blaster x2


Lando In Falcon
Gold Lead In Gold One
Spiral
Red Leader In Red One
Tantive IV

Whatry Your Tryin To Push On Us
Frozzen Assets
Revolution x3
Savrip
Bacta Tank
Battle Plan
Wise Advise

Careful Planning (Starting Interupt)
Theyre Tracking Us
Alter
Dont Forget The Droids x2
The Force Is Strong With This One
Jedi Presence
I Know
Dont Get Cocky
Gift Of The Mentor
Skywalkers
Courage Of A Skywalker x2
Nabrun Leids x2
Tunnel Vision x5
Trans. Terminated
Smoke Screen


'

Strategy: '

Start by pulling the nudjs with the swamp, at end of turn move it to the farm. Next turn do the same thing with the nudj. That is the part of the deck that really does not change....
Just get the sites out ASAP. Use the extrmely large amount of force generation to take advantage of the gametext of 'Tunnel Vision'. Pull out the mains and go to your oppenent, if you have the mains, search for thier teamwork cards. Use savrip to sacrifice high forit starships or doubles of mains to stop attrition.
Here is how I play the deck against...

Rallops- Ahh, the dreaded and popuar rallops...There is sooooo much in this deck to stomp rallops dead. Use 'Lock' to flat out cancel reacts. If they are packing Tramples it isnt a problem, use frozzen assests. If they have main course (or something else to stop assests) use 'Theyre Tracking Us' at first this card may not seem great but it really is, usually they just barely have enough  to react.

HD- Make sure to get TT out early (tunnel vision for it if neceasry). Make sure to have courage before deploying luke/obi (once again, tunnel if necesary). Now to the fun part, BEATDOWN Use your teamwork cards to REALLY kill him. Also, if you cant get TT for some reason, or they just keep redeploying Visage, just use Oola (no more vader).

Ops- Get battle order out early (tunnel). Beatdown, usually they packs Ghhks this really isnt a problem, just move around on thier planet and kill them (use nabrun if they just keep running).

Court- Beatdown, teamwork cards + mains= one dead court deck.If they have ephonnt mon (is that his name?) with jabba do NOT use your teamwork cards (you can still get 3 destiny without any of those interupts). Next turn look for some of the remaining charecters and beatdown (nabrun to 'em).

Mainp- Yes, I know, I dont have shock. Heres what you do, build up some force, deploy assests on them. Then tunnel (since they cant scannnign crew it with assests) and deploy then beatdown. It works, trust me. Shock would be one that I would add if SW decks had 65 cards, but they dont.

From reviews I will  attempt to say why I do (or dont) have the cards you mention in your reviews...



Traffic Control- Everyone says this deck needs it, I REALLY dont think so, use the tunnels to get what you need, there is no point in drawing 10 cards a turn.


Read this If you really want to rate this with a low number of stars, that isnt a problem, BUT at least tell me what is wrong with it This is all I ask of you if you desire to rate this poorly. Please dont give me one star and just say 'It Sucks' or something like that, thanks for readign this (if you really did).


Change Courage to Glancing Blow.

BTW, HD is not in my meta here that is why there is litle to prortect against it. If it is in your meta I suggust adding more to tech against it.
'