---
layout: post
author: Geoff "GG BLADE" Bowman
title: 'Jabba and his Court flies off to Space!'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-11-16
description: ! 'Jabba and his bounty hunter friends fly off to space to kill the rebels, and drain them to death.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Jabba and his Court flies off to Space


Starting (8)
COTVG
Tatooine Great Pit of Carkoon
JP Audience Chamber
JP Dungeon
Prepared Defenses
Oppressive Enforcement
Mobilization Points
No Escape

Locations (7)
Sullust
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Kiffex
Kashyyyk
Endor
Carida

Characters (16)
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle
Lord Vader
DVDLOTS
Darth with Stick
Mara Jade x2
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Admiral Ozzel
Lieutenant Endicott
Dr. E
Gailid
Cloud City Engineer
Mighty Jabba
Grand Moff Tarkin

Starships (7)
Boba Fett in Slave I
Chimera
Dreadnaught x2
Dengar in Punishing One
IG in IG-2000
ZIMH
Interrupts (12)
Elis Helrot x2
Sniper
Operational as Planned x2
Circle is Now Complete
Twi’lek x2
Monnok x2
Masterful Move x2

Effects (8)
Presence of the Force
Lateral Damage
Search and Destroy
Expand the Empire
There’ll Be Hell To Pay
Bad Feeling Have I
There is no Try
Reactor Terminal

Weapons (2)
Vader’s Stick
Mara’s Stick '

Strategy: '

Response to Reviews

-Response to Godsmacker

Well I have plenty of stuff for the ground, considering the deck is a SPACE deck.  There is a difference between a SPACE and a GROUND deck.  I have Elis’ in for surprise attacks.  I would prefer having Elis, but IAO might be a good idea.  You should read some of your own response “…Boba w/ Blaster would be nice. IG-88 w/ Riot Gun…”  You also say that “Mara gets Clashed and Galid gets SCHOOLED…”	Well the same thing would happen to IG and Fett, except Mara is better.  I may consider putting IG in, he may be worth the defense against profit.  Those comments in no way justify a 3.5 star rating.

Here’s the Game Plan
     Basically set up nice drains,  and beat up on the opponent with mains and ships.  Not very hard to figure out.


Early Game Synopsis

Turn One  Before activating, pull Carida with Oppressive Enforcement. First turn I plan on having 5 or more force to use.  If the opponent gives me 1, using the Audience Chamber’s text I will deploy Mara from the reserve deck (assuming the AC hasn’t been covered.)  I will deploy her stick on her from reserve deck as well if I’ve got the 6 force.	Using court, I will also deploy Docking Bay 94.  Using this strategy, I will not have to lose one to the objective’s text, and I will have a drain of 1 or 2, and force the opponent to lose 1 during their deploy phase. (Assuming they don’t deploy to Tatooine or the AC.)

Turn Two  I’ve got at least 8 force to work with.  I should have caused the opponent to lose 1 during their deploy phase unless they came down to Tatooine.  I’ll drain for 2 at the AC with Mara, and will pull ZiMH and deploy him to Carida, or to another system that I’ve drawn up.  Draw what’s left of my force pile, and off to turn three…

Turn Three and Beyond…  I should have solid drains set up on the ground and up in space.	If my opponent slaps a couple of mains down on the ground, no problem, I’ll go smack him up with Vader and friends.  If s/he decides to go up into space, I’ll bust out my BH ships from reserve.  I’ll also have my Dreads and their pilots ready for action.


Card Explanations

Why Cloud City Engineer?  It’s awesome, opponent covers up your AC, no prob, bust this dude out.	Read the card.	And Steven ”Mr DQ” Lewis  is a genus.

Why PotF?  Extra drains don’t hurt, neither does a little bit of extra activation.

Why Lateral Damage?  “Oh is that Home One?  What is that power… 9???  Oh, look what I got, now it’s power what? ZERO”  It fits perfectly into this deck.

Why Search and Destroy?  Opponent wants to keep fighting in space, and you’re starting to run out of ships.  Slap this on the table, and it looks like they’ll be loosing a little bit for their unwillingness to fight on the ground.

Why Expand the Empire? Deploy on the AC early-mid game.  Pull out Galid to the site next to Mara, move him over, now you’ve got a drain of 3 going, 4 if you’ve got PotF on the AC.

Why Bad Feeling Have I?  The opponent gets quite a bit of force out of this deck, make em give some of it back.

Why Dreadnaughts?  Well for one, they are power 5 with a forfeit of 5.	That’s not too good.  Slap a DS on and they are power 8, and did I forget to mention that they are destiny of 4 since Oppressive Enforcement is on the table.

Why Elis?  Well with no need to have IAO on the table.	Why not have a couple of Elis’.  He travels nicely.

Why Ozzel and Endicott?  Need a drain or some extra power at Docking Bay 94?  For a grand total of ZERO force, you can have a power of 5, destiny draw, and forfeit of 7.  Not bad for free.


Now for the Match-ups

Versus HB  Deploy Mara and her Stick to the AC as usual.  Second turn deploy ZiMH to Carida, or if there is a higher drain to deploy to, go for it.  If they start coming down with heavy space, hold off til you get a BH ship or two in your hand, save up some force, then deploy those from your hand and one from reserve.  Nice battle, huh?  Drain them on the ground, and watch out for EPP hit squads.

Versus Profit	Probabally the hardest matchup for this deck.  Start Mara, and Jabba in the AC.  Pull Mara’s stick turn 1.  Deploy ZiMH to Carida turn one instead of turn two.  Drain like crazy in space; try to kill off their ground.  You should be able to out drain, and cause more damage.  Kill Han

Versus Throne Room Mains First turn, skip deploying Mara, loose the 1 force to the objective, but deploy ZiMH to Carida.  Wait to deploy guys on the ground until they have spread out.  Spread out and drain in space, but watch out for Super Falcon.

Versus Testing  Watch out for those barriers.	If it is a test to 5/6 spread out and drain like crazy in space.  All they usually have is Super Falcon, and watch out for Spiral.  Should win (I’ve beat it twice in playtesting…)

Versus Agents	Back off of Tatooine, deploy ZiMH to Carida turn one.  Wait for them to spread out and watch the fun begin with Vader, Mara, and friends. Hehehe

Versus There is Good in Him  Don’t deploy anything on the ground until you know what they are doing.  Deploy in space, and drain like crazzzy  Should be an auto-win.

Versus Rebel Strike Team  Go kill Falcon turn two.  Their puny scouts will be no match for Vader and Mara. Bye-Bye

Versus Random Garbage	Auto win Drain and battle everywhere.


Thanks for reviewing, and if you feel the need to give my deck a 1-star, please give a good explanation or don’t rate my deck at all.  And U R STOOPID does not count as a valid reason, and no I’m not talking to anyone in particular that has done that to everything I’ve posted, Dianoga.

RedV ”ggblade”
ggblade@hotmail.com	'