---
author: Chris "CJ" Young
title: 'Uh-oh !!  More White Weenies !!!'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-30
description: 'Swarm your opponent with Chadra-fans'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Start(8)
Agents In The Court
Jabba’s Palace: Audience Chamber
Tatooine: Hutt Trade Route
Yarna D’al Gargan
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Do or Do Not
Uh-Oh!
Wise Advice

Locations (6)
Cloud City: Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City: Lower Corridor
Jabba’s Palace: Entrance Cavern
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Jundland Wastes
Tatooine: Mos Eisley

Characters (30)
Arleil Schous x2
Bothan Spy
Chadra-Fan x16
Geezum
Kabe x2
Lando With Vibro-Ax
EPP Luke
Rennek
Soth Petikkin
Tessek x2
Oola
Tedn Dahai

Interrupts (12)
It’s A Trap! x3
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes x2
Rebel Barrier x2
You Will Take Me To Jabba Now x5

Effects (4)
Bargaining Table x2
Bo Shuda
Order To Engage 

Strategy: 

I’ve been playing Chadra Fans for a long time. But only as a fun deck. Now with JPSD, I think that they are a force to be reckoned with.

First turn pull out Bo Shuda. Then you need to get your aliens to the chamber. You can either draw for them or use You Will Take Me to Jabba Now (YWTMTJN). Here is a list of the aliens you need at the chamber:

Tessek: Adds to your drains and Chadra Fans are deploy -1.

Kabe: Your rep. Chadras are power and forfeit +2

Rennek: Stops Bubo from spoiling your plans
Soth Petikin: This gut is the stuff !! He allows you to pull scouts, thieves, and spies. ie Lando with Vibro Axe, Chadra Fans, Kabe, Bothan Spy, Tedn Dahai.

Tedn Dahai: This guy is Tech!!! You need him. Ephant Mon will ruin your day. Because Kabe is a thief, Ephant Mon prevents Kabe from deploying to the chamber if is already there. Here is his text if you don’t know what he does:

For each other musician at same site,during any control phase you may use 1 Force to choose one opponent’s alien present. That alien cannot utilize its game text for remainder of that turn.

This allows you to cancel Ephant’s text and to deploy Kabe to the chamber. The musician I chose was Oola to use this text. Don’t tell me to use Figrin Dan because he is a gambler, and thus cannot deploy to the same site as Ephant.

Here is a list of the other characters in here:

Arleil Schous: This guy is the key to beatdown.
Chadra Fans are deploy -1 to same Tatooine site. That means, and also because of Tessek, Chadra Fans are deploy ZERO at Tatooine sites!!!! Can you smell smackdown?

Geezum: Pulls Tatooine sites out of your deck

Lando with Vibro Axe: This guy is a GOD !!! I think you already know that.

EPP Luke: To give to Vader against BHBM

Flip the objective when you feel it is safe. This usually means that you have It’s A Trap or you have enough forfeit bait to absorb any battle damage that may occur. What I do is leave one Chadra Fan at a Tatooine site to bait them into coming down. If they fall for it, It’s A Trap the battle. Then apply the smackdown with free Chadra Fans with Arliel Schous.

There really is not much to this deck. Just spread out and drain and keep yourself out of trouble. Then look out for opportunities for a beatdown.

Please give some constructive reviews, as I would like to make this deck better.

