---
layout: post
author: ! Erick "Admiral Exe" Butzlaff
title: ! "Dark Knights Of The Force"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-04-07
description: ! "A deck alot of people wanted to see, and since my state is done here it is... out of its entire existance, made just after JP released, its cumulative record (I actually kept track on a little piece of paper in the deck box) (tournament and non tournament"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Corulag
Endor
Executor Holotheatre
Executor Meditation Chamber
Jungle
Kashyyyk

Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Darth Vader  x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith  x3
Mara Jade, The Emperor's Hand	x2

Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser  x3
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Counter Assault
Dark Strike
Elis Helrot
Evader	x2
Focused Attack	x2
Frustration
Imperial Barrier  x2
Point Man
The Circle Is Now Complete  x2
Torture  x3
Twi'lek Advisor  x2
Unexpected Interruption  x2
Vader's Obsession  x3
You Are Beaten

Battle Order
Blast Door Controls
Come Here You Big Coward
Crush The Rebellion
Lateral Damage
Presence Of The Force
Reactor Terminal
Visage Of The Emperor  x3

Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber  x2

Epic Duel

Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe	'

Strategy: '

#1 ORDER of business  For the two people who rated this deck, one actually on the other mispost of this, HELLO  There IS a Mara Jade's Lightsaber and there IS an Epic Duel, and there IS an Elis Helrot Read the card list, come on people  Sorry to sound rude but it kinda makes me mad when someone says add something in when its already in there, geeze, now onto the good stuff...


First off, the CONTINUATION OF THE SUMMARY, its a long one, lol (tournament and non tournament) is SERIOUSLY 51/4 (ask anyone in the place I play in, they could probably track its record itself they've seen it so much, and this deck allowed me to take 4th in my state, its been around so long and used so much I'm probably missing a few games there, and its beat some good competition, just ask Joz or Aaron, hahaha lol =]~ )... I couldn't believe it, I retired at after this weekend though because you can only play one deck a certain amount of times before you get sick of it, even if it is good.


IF YOU DON'T READ THIS please don't rate the deck, cause you might miss it entirely, a deck can't be rated off the card list itself, cause thats not what a deck is

This is a hard one to explain, I'm so used to using it I just do what I do I guess, its played sooooo many games and won more than I expected it to... duel early on, Vader and Mara can take mains... start is POTF on the Med Chamber, don't worry bout Visage, destroy them when they come for it, Battle Order vs Ops, POTF on Obi's Hut if its started at all... basically sit Vader at a battleground, he should actually be enough to handle forces himself, trust me =] The interrupts really help, play each wisely, especially the UI's, use them wisely, the barriers and you are beaten only when necessary.  Duel ASAP, try to scan with frusteration though, that card is played wisely as well... use it to try to get them to drop a main to duel, use it to knock out a ship before systems are down, use it to knock something else like a jedi test out before they start training, use it to scan for dueling cards... and even with them, ive beaten many people in a duel with them on their side... if they got courage, swing and a miss and glancling all in their hand, your gone, but one of them usually leaves it to fate and with this kinda destiny on your side you will usually win.  Set up in space, beatdown in space, and when you clear it drain in space.  If they're devoted to space sit Vader with POTF at the med chamber and your good to go.	I'd hold off on Mara till you really need to drop her, she doesn't go too well in space but she can be used to duel after vader's gone, forfeit fodder in space, a char to go to their sites without icons, a fighter... just use everything very wisely is my point here and you should do just fine, this deck has a careful balance to it, if you play it right and get a feel for it you will win, trust me =]  Play the cards, specially the red ones (int's and effects) and you have a chance against any deck thrown at you; and remember, don't panic if Vader goes out of play, play it out and see what you do, its not over right there... and keep them losing to visage, it REALLY adds up... the only weakness i've seen this has to is speeder ops, it hurts... this deck is retired, but im still gonna pop a decree for future use in here, it would REALLY help; you can easily get two systems and a site.  Specific strategies against decks in the current meta

1) MWYHL - Start POTF on the Med. Chamber.  If you see somehow they're training to 5, actually try to get your Vader in a ship and go to Dagobah to duel, but if they're packing a ton of 7's then it may not be the best idea. Sit back with a few barriers, set up in space and see what comes down, then beat it down effectively, make sure you keep them losing to Visage and your Force Drains, and hold back Mara and Bossk or Zuckuss until they deploy to somewhere.  The Jedi Tests themselves don't really effect you, especially if they're training to 2; you can still draw BD, just watch Mara and what you do with her, and in ships make sure you have 6 out at a location.

2) HB - Start POTF on the Med. Chamber once again, get Vader there ASAP.  If its in space, sit Vader there, try to get Mara to the jungle and draining as some mains bait, and apply your ships to whatever they decide to drop, you should be able to take them out in big amounts, and use your Lateral Damage WISELY.  Keep them losing to Visage as much as possible.  Vader's bonus to get a BD wherever they go and subtract 2 from their destiny is BIG here.  If they go to ground, duel, battle, choke, dark strike, YAB, ect.  You should be able to defeat whatever ground force is applied and then drain in space.

3) Speeder Ops - The one major weakness.  Start Battle Order vs Local Uprising, and get vader out to the Farm ASAP, though make sure you have a barrier or two to do it with.  This is a tough game, try to drain in space, as much as possible and keep their ops tied down with Vader and Mara, this is really why I want to put the decree in...

4) #'s - Keep em losing to visage, set up your drains, and try to outdamage them before or if they grapple your Tortures, and try to get out your Frusteration to nail a grappler if you see it go to their hand, this really makes someone mad and can win you the game sometimes.  Here's where your Unexpected Interruptions come in real handy and have to be played right, whether to get the frusteration or the torture at times is a tough one... play it right, and hope they deploy something, you should pull out ahead in damage by the end though.

5) Throne Room - The default against this one used to be Crush, but then again this was built when Revolver with that was a big one and one of the losses was because I was choked as all hell... it was immediately remodified, but now the normal Throne Room doesn't play that.  Just deploy Vader when you have some dueling cards, I'd prolly start POTF on the Throne Room actually, most people can't Nudj all 3 locations then, and it forces them to come beat you... in which they make the mistake and you kill them.  Then take it to space and drain, this deck usually has a very weak space which can be beaten, and usually if they go to space in this deck theres gonna be mains coming with, which will have less for you to deal with on the ground, which is good.  Mara can go to just about any of their 2/0 locations to drain for 3, and they normally won't want to come and beat her down because between trying to kill Vader, defend their Yavin and trying to drop your drains in space, they may just try to bite it and not care.  This game is where you HAVE to remember all the little text (on the flip side Leia can't battle or drain, all of Point Man's bullets, ect)...	play carefully and Barrier could end up your best friend.


IF THERE IS any other decks that you want me to post a strat. against, please let me know through mail or something and I'll get on that right away.  Good luck, remember the little text (endor's LS gametext, all the things on Point Man, ect)thanks for a look, and any further questions mail em to me


IN RESPONSE TO what people have said in their ratings
1)  There are a few reasons that I don't use any other characters than Mara and Vader in this deck, and my reason's for specifically using those two they both can duel is the main point, next is they can both draw battle destiny by themselves and have immunity to attrition (a VERY big point here).  They both have high forfeit and can hold their own.  I would never use Dengar in here because he is a character who does not have immunity, can be hit or slashed easily, cannot draw battle destiny, does not have forfeit, can't stand up against mains alone, he is another 1 force for me to move when I might be tight for it and can't escape.  This is why I don't use any other characters, because Mara and Vader are the only ones worth playing in this type of a deck.  And he is good in space anyways; he helps me nail ships when they have immunity, he is another 2 ability in a battle at a system to draw destiny, he adds to battle destiny for each ship, and his deploy is good for a ship.  IG-88 and 4-Lom are probably the 61st and 62nd cards in this deck, but I only have 60 to work with and this deck is packed tight anyways.	They'd lower the destiny further and would just be more of a pain to deploy them, I don't really need them to win, even though they are nice and can't be battled, they wouldn't make that much of a difference when I'll duel Luke and Obi away, choke leia, chop and dark strike han, and then beat down on Chewie for a ton of force, just not worth it and plenty of other ways to deal with mains here anyways.

2) Yes Houjix hurts, it doesn't end the game though.  With 3 Visages and most people only packing 2 TT's they wont get all 3, and most the time TT is lost to battle damage or force drain by accident before it can do something anyways. If you battle right you can get rid of Houjix and still get a good battle off that smashes the opponent.  Again, it was a big decision to take First Strike out of this deck cause it does so much, but in the end there was no room and didn't have too much affect on opponents, and there are not THAT many people who use Houjix anymore, how often do you see that?	Most people are fully confident that their main hordes will beat anything thrown at them.  Its not that big of a concern and you can usually battle until they don't have anymore.  And if they go in space, they're probably going to die anyways, play your cards right and you can effectly take away whatever they're draining with in space.

3) As for all the people who think I should add cards, remember that this deck is TIGHTLY packed and I only have 60 cards to work with, if there were more probably half of what you said would be in here, but lets think  The "low" (4 is low?) destiny interrupts such as dark strike or you are beaten or barrier will keep me alive, theres not a garuntee that every character I face will be Luke or Obi, even though I'm well prepared to deal with him and it half revolves around it, and then someone wants me to instead of Decree add 2 loactions (0 destiny mind you) and a destiny 4 effect... instead of pulling 1 card, now i need to pull two and waste some of my space power to a system I have to defend that I can't even deal damage from... CARD EFFICIENCY is a big part of playing, geeze I should turn this into an article by now =]

4) Aaron, don't talk to me about your Wookies and SAC deck, I beat that with this what, twice? =]  And yes, I'm gonna beat it down too next week, lol, with some even new better stuff, beware... =]


'