---
layout: post
author: ! Jordan "unibrow22" Murph
title: ! "EBO Drain ’n Pain"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-09-20
description: ! "Force Drain the Dark side for TONS of Force and rule the Gallaxy"
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting-4
	Hoth Main Power Generators
	Hoth North Ridge
	The Signal
	A New Secret Base
Locations-13
	Hoth Echo Command Center
	Hoth Echo Corridor
	Hoth Echo Med Lab
	Yavin 4
	Tatooine
	Ralltiir
	Bespin
	Kashyyyk
	Corulag
	Sullust
	Kessel
	Anoat
	Coruscant
Characters-11
	Luke with Lightsaber
	Obi-Wan with Lightsaber
	Han with Heavy Blaster Pistol
	Commander Wedge Antilles
	Wyron Serper
	Captain Yutani
	Derek "Hobbie" Klivian
	Wes Janson
	Cal Adler
	Rebel Scout
	Figrin D’an
Starhips-13
	Nebulon-B Frigate X3
	X-wing X10
Vehicles-1
	Rogue 3
Weapons-2
	Power Harpoon
	Golan Laser Battery
Devices-3
	Portable Scanner
	Artillery Remote
	Electrobinoculars
Effects-8
	Echo Base Operations
	Crash Site Memorial
	Civil Disorder
	Incom Corporation
	Goo Nee Tay
	Ice Storm X3
Interrrupts-5
	Luke’s Back
	Return Of A Jedi
	Hyper Escape X2
	Houjix '

Strategy: '

Like always, start with the Main Power Generators and the North Ridge, then play The Signal and A New Secret Base. Draw for characters to control the three Echo sites and then play Echo Base Operations. While you establish EBO,	just stockpile systems that you get with A New Secret Base or have drawn and get the starships needed to control them. Dont deploy any of the systems, just stockile them until you have eight or so systems and starships in hand and then just deploy them all at once. Make sure you get a strong starship such as the Nebulon-B Frigate at the better system drains such as Kessel to protect it. Use Ice Storm to keep the Imperials from occupying Hoth. Stick Wedge and Wes in Rogue 3 with a Power Harpoon to take down any AT-ATs or chicken walkers. With Wedge and Wes on Rogue 3, you dont even really  need to draw a destiny to take down walkers Just use the Electrobinoculars to make sure you dont draw a location for destiny. Use Civil Disorder and Goo Nee Tay so your oponent will use more force each turn. Use the Interrrupts Hyper Escape and Houjix to help you out if you get into trouble with some big Star Destroyers or  Saber Squadron TIEs. The Golan Laser Battery can be stuck at the Power Generators to get rid of characters quite effectively. Let Captain Yutani man the battey and give him the Artillery Remote so he can keep safe and move around, and then he can fire it during your Control phase too. Just remeber to stockpile the starships and systems until your ready, and youll pound your opponent. This deck along with this strategy is great. I played a guy 5 days ago and I won with a drain of 38 Force As Homer puts it, Woo Hoo  '