---
layout: post
author: ! Alex "-AvataR-" Klammrodt
title: ! "Ottawa GS Winner Deck 	LS"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-05-21
description: ! "This deck went to the finals of the Ottawa with Yannick Lapointe, and suffered only 1 loss to the same guy."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective(1)
You Can Either Profit By This.../Or Be Destroyed

Locations(8)
Jabba's Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Tatooine Obi-Wan's Hut
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Cantina
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Hoth War Room
Rendezvous Point

Characters(15)
Master Luke x4
Ben Kenobi x2
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol x2
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Taws Khaa x2
Chewbacca
Orrimaarko
Artoo x2

Weapons(3)
Anakin's Lightsaber x2
Obi-Wan's Lightsaber

Interrupts(29)
Sense x3
Alter x2
Narrow Escape
Dodge x2
Blaster Deflection
Weapon Levitation
Swing-And-A-Miss
Courage Of A Skywalker
Glancing Blow x2
Rebel Barrier x2
Gift Of The Mentor
The Force Is Strong With This One x2
Smoke Screen
Nabrun Leids x2
On The Edge
Shocking Information x2
Don't Forget The Droids
Clash Of Sabers
Tunnel Vision
The Signal

Effects(4)
A Gift
Undercover
Goo Nee Tay
Obi Wan's Apparition '

Strategy: '

Btw, it was a great tournament on Saturday May 20th in Ottawa(Ontario,Canada), lots of tough competition, from across the border, and locally.

   The strategy of the deck goes something like this...
   1. Free Han The firepower within this deck is able to take down virtually any, and I mean any opposing force in the Audience Chamber.
   2. Keep Han alive Never involve Han in risky battles, especially with DLOTS. There's only 1 extra Han, and it could get messy if they both die. There are Dodges, Narrow Escape, Rebel Barriers and Nabrun Leids to do this. 4 different methods allow for leeway...
   3. Keep those force drains going Don't worry about being a wimp. This deck IS combat heavy, but the difference is that YOU choose when to fight. This is an all-important deck strategy. Don't let him catch you off-guard; believe me it can be vice-versa.
   4. Space? Worried about space? Make a couple changes to the deck if you'd like, but I thought it wiser to leave it all out. 4 instance, most space heavy decks can drain for around 4-6 by let's say turn 4-5. That's good. This deck, if unopposed(most space decks have very little ground), can drain with the cantina/mos eisley out for between 7-9 by the same amount of turns. Plus the 5 force retrieved will help you win the force drain war.

Vs - Raltiir This is no contest. Raltiir decks are notoriously known for being weak against Profit. They just don't have the capacity to take it on.

Vs - Hunt Down This is what the deck was designed to counter. Do not fear Epic Duels, I've won most of them. They tend not to suspect courage, glancing blow AND Swing... ). Do fear Visage. His objective should almost never be flipped, so he will be losing that force as well, and as a HD player myself, I must say I HATE losing that force every turn...(.

Vs - Operative You can outdrain him, nabrun leids over, destroy him, or crush him into little itty bitty pieces, whichever one you prefer. I've never lost to operative, and I (hope) never will.

Vs - Court This could potentially be the hardest deck to beat. If your opponent is good, and his cards are right, you might be hard pressed. But where there's a will, there's a way.

Vs - Any Space deck Again, out drain him.

This deck went 2-1 (but won it's game in the 2 game final) at the GS. Over the period of the tourney, I was asked why I put 'useless' cards in the deck such as Blaster Deflection or 2 Dodges. My answer? Quality over quantity. Besides, most players had to take a quick look at dodge and BD to see what they do Anyways, my 6th game with this deck was against Yannick Lapointe. Very close, and the game was based a lot on skill; he won ).

PLEASE READ THIS

Edited Note People, when you say it can't outdrain space, you've got to be kidding. I've never even lost to a space deck, even the good ones. Its simply because I get my drains setup fast, and hit them hard right away. Even if they're playing TIEs at kashyyyk or kiffex, at the beginning, that's nothing. If I'm not opposed (or very little) on the ground, I can usually be draining them for 8 or 9 by turn 3. Remember, just because I know there's no space in the deck doesn't mean my opponent does I often play dumb and ask how much ability they have at a site, and most of the time they reinforce, which in turn equals force lost. Space decks are really no match at at all.
Also, I don't have boushhh because I dont need boushh. She doesnt have a gun, and she expensive anywhere else, and she doesn't add a battle destiny with han. So who cares about her??  And what about Court you say? Court is the easiest of all to beat Especially considering I'm converting the AC right away. Court has very little chance, and I've never lost to one.  The only weakness I see is to an undercover spy deck. But I'm thinking of adding in R-3P0, so try to give me some slack. Thanx

Btw I'm thinking of popping in an Advantage, as I think it really suits the deck. Tell me what you think... '