---
layout: post
author: Mark "Rogue Nine" Balderston
title: 'Red Squadron Space Party'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-08-16
description: ! 'Red Squadron goes to space and beats up on loser Star Destroyers while mains party on Cloud City.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objectives (1)
Hidden Base

Locations (10)
(the Hidden Base)
Coruscant
Corulag
Kashyyyk
Kessel
Kiffex
Roche
Rendezvous Point
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber
CC Lower Corridor

Characters (14)
Epp Han x2
Epp Leia x2
Epp Luke 1
Epp Obi-Wan x2
Keir Santage
Bren Quersey
Theron Nett
Elyhek Rue
Derek Hobbie Klivian
Luke Skywalker
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader

Starships (7)
Artoo-Detoo in Red 5
Red 2
Red 7
Red 8
Red 10
Red Squadron 7
Red Squadron 4

Weapons (6)
X-wing Laser cannons x5
Enhanced Proton Torpedoes

Admiral's Orders (2)
Concentrate all Fire x2

Effects (9)
Slayn and Korpil Facilities
Strikeforce
Menace Fades
Wise Advice
Squadron Assignnments
Traffic Control
Honor of the Jedi
Battle Plan
Insurrection

Interupts (11)
Rebel Barrier x3
Organized Attack x3
Slight Weapons Malfunction x3
Star Destroyer
Heading for the Medical frigate'

Strategy: '

This Deck is Red Squadron all the way.  The interrupts can sway a beatdown by your opponent in space or on ground to a resounding win by you.  Slight Weapons Malfunction is awesome.  I use it almost every battle.  Rebel Barrier is a lifesaver, especially if they are playing with Star Destroyers.  S and K facilities is like scum for Light Side, retrieving 2 every time you hit an opponent's ship is great.  Against Rall Ops, just take over Ralltiir because they can't beat you in space.  They might feel pretty smart when they pop down Zuckuss in Mist Hunter, but if you keep a big hand, this deck works great, and you'll probably have a barrier.  Cycle using Traffic Control, and keep lots of interrupts in your hand.  Organized Attack is mainly useful for the immunity to attrition, but combined with Concentrate all fire, you can have huge power in space.  There are four effects which hinge upon the battleground sites, Honor, Menace Fades, Battle Plan, and Strikeforce.  Against Bring Him Before me, don't start Honor because they are probably packing SAC.  Wait until they deploy Vader, then pop down Insurrection and some guys on Cloud City, and they can't even get there.  That's about all I have to say, I mainly made this deck for fun, but it turned out to be pretty decent.	My friend was playing TIE interceptor swarm, and I crushed him by 27.  I got power of 34 with Luke and Wedge on their ships. '