---
author: Alan "Curse" Finch
title: 'Empire's Angels'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-05-07
description: 'Fast, Versatile, and Powerful Ralltiir Operations.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective (1):
Ralltiir Operations / In The Hands Of The Empire

Effects (6):
Ability, Ability, Ability
Bad Feeling Have I
Imperial Arrest Order
Oppressive Enforcement
Secret Plans
There'll Be Hell To Pay

Interrupts (12):
Alter x2
Always Thinking With Your Stomach
Dark Maneuvers
Elis Helrot
Evader
Imperial Barrier
Sense
Surprise
Tarkin's Orders
Twi'lek Advisor
You Are Beaten

Characters (17):
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Admiral Ozzel
Bane Malar
Biker Scout Trooper x5
Darth Vader x2
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Lt. Pol Treidum
Mara Jade, The Emporor's Hand
Mosep
Navy Trooper Vesden
Officer Evax

Weapons (3):
Disruptor Pistol
Mara Jade's Lightsaber
Vader's Lightsaber

Vehicles (5):
Speeder Bike x5

Starships (6):
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Devestator
Vader's Personal Shuttle
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Locations (10):
Dagobah: Cave
Desert
Forest
Hoth: Wampa Cave
Jungle
Kashyyyk
Kiffex
Ralltiir
Spaceport Docking Bay
Swamp 

Strategy: 

Yeah, yeah, I know, another ROPS deck. But, this is the deck that I used to finish 4th with at my State Finals. It's very well tested and every card is extremely useful and economical. The basic strategy is flip fast then go after your opponent with exactly the cards you need, easy! Here's why I use Biker Scouts over At-St's and pilots - Much cheaper, better forfit, immunity to attrition <4, better destiny, and THEY ARE DIFFERENT! All this besides the fact that you can pull a biker from your reserve deck using your objective then, use the biker's text to pull a bike. You can't do that with At-St Ops.

Card Breakdown:
Ability, Ability, Ability: This card is great in a couple of situations. First, it can really make a training deck deploy lame characters early for you to beat on. Second, against Profit and mains this can really make them loose force since they have a limited character selection.

Always Thinking With Your Stomach: The destiny of this deck is great so you have a good chance of putting a good character out for a while.

Surprise: Tired of Revolution Decks? Make them revolve their own stuff for a change. The best is the look on your opponent’s face when you revolve his Rendezvous Point.

Tarkin’s Orders: In this deck this card is just plain broken. You get you opponents system locked down and play this. Then next turn, use your two force, get Tarkin’s Orders back (it’ll be on the bottom of your reserve deck) and play again. Rinse and repeat.

Admiral Ozzel: Nice game text and better deploy.

Bane Malar and Mara Jade: The perfect pair for Profit.

Lt. Pol Treidum: I hate spy’s on Ralltiir.

Mosep: Makes your little annoying drains all the more annoying.

Navy Trooper Vesdan: Numbers – eesh.

Disruptor Pistol: No, it’s not trample but it can’t be “grabbed” either.

Specific Strategies:
A lot of people are trying new deck designs these days so, this isn’t as important as it used to be but, none the less, here’s how I play things.

Hidden Base: This isn't going to be too hard a match up. Make sure you get out Secret Plans. Use your ships wisely and boost your battle destiny as much as possible.

Profit: Start Secret Plans and Bane Malar and Mara Jade. Get Mara her saber and move them next door to Tatooine Jabba's Palace first turn. Get Elis Helrot and transport those two over to a more secure location quick. Then, and this is key so listen up, SPACE DRAIN. I've yet to go up against a Profit deck with any real space power.

Throne Room: You'll probably want to start with Imperial Arrest Order to prevent the good guys from getting onto your planet too cheaply. This will probably be your toughest matchup so play smart and cautious. If they Revo Surprise them so you'll still get force. Make sure you use your Evader wisely!

That's about all I can think of right now. I'll probably add more strategy and comment on reviews later. I have done really well with this deck and it worked wonderfully for me during recent tournaments, including my States where I finished fourth. So, thanx for your time and reviews!

Review Comments:
MaStEr - Ya know, I don't normally resort to name calling and the such but damn, what a moron!

Rooster - Man, wow, an Intelligent review WITH advice! Thanks a lot. I don't think I'll really make those changes because I've already tried them. The one thing I did like was Imperial Decree - actually I've used that card in this deck before. It just really didn't help too much, what with everything in here being so economical. I played a heavy revo in a tournament with this and his revo's really didn't end up hurting too much. Yeah, it was a hard fought game but, I won. Also, I save my Alter for important stuff like Savrip. And I've been seeing the Executor as a real target lately anyway - it's just not economical and doesn't fit here. Thanks again though.

High Speed Tatics - Cool card, but not really necessary with good reacts.

Torture - Not really needed. If you see numbers inserted just stick with biker scouts - it won't hurt that bad.

JFunkAllStar - Oh, OKAY! I understand now. 