---
layout: post
author: ! Steve "Crazy Hermit" Kuperman
title: ! 'If I Lose, I Still Win . . .'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-09-28
description: ! 'Bring Him Before Me, designed to keep fighting until youve won.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective(1)
Bring Him Before Me/ Take Your Father’s Place

Locations(5)
Death Star II Throne Room
Death Star II Docking Bay
Endor Landing Platform
Rendili
Spaceport Docking Bay

Characters(17)
Emperor Palpatine
Lord Vader x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x3
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand x2
Janus Greejatus
Sim Aloo
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
Jabba
IG-88 With Riot Gun x2
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Bane Malar
U-3PO

Weapons(3)
Vader’s Saber x2
Jade’s Saber

Starships(3)
Boba Fett In Slave One
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Interrupts(17)
Rise, My Friend x2
Prepared Defenses
Monnok x2
Masterful Move x2
I Have You Now x2
Alter x2
Imperial Barrier
Twi’lek Advisor
Weapon Levitation
Force Lightning
Operational As Planned
The Circle Is Now Complete

Effects(14)
Emperor’s Power
Imperial Arrest Order
Presence Of The Force
Oppressive Enforcement
There’ll Be Hell To Pay
Insignificant Rebellion
Your Destiny
Mobilization Points
You Cannot Hide Forever
Search And Destroy
Security Precautions
First Strike
Secret Plans
Imperial Decree '

Strategy: '

Hell, by now you’ve seen a few thousand BHBM decks. This is one of the better ones. Bring Him Before Me is all about setting your own rules. You have to be dictating the flow of the game or else you are losing. With Luke being able to jump out of the opponent’s Reserve Deck, you can’t be willing to take too many risks in the early game, or be afraid to take too few later on.

You start this deck same as most other BHBM decks. IAO, Mobilization Points and another effect of your choice drop down. 1st turn, go get a docking bay, put the Emperor wherever you need him. If he isn’t needed anywhere, just set him down at a docking bay and get your extra Force. Go searching for Vader if you don’t get him opening hand, Luke out of the Reserve Deck is a force that must be contained. After that, just set up Vader at one site, and move your stuff around as you have to. Is there really more you need to know about playing BHBM that you didn’t already know? I’d rather talk about the unique points of the deck.

Why The Cards That Are In Here Are In Here

5 Vaders Makes it easier to get one and prevents you from having to deal with a Jedi Knight that won’t go away cause you can’t find a Vader. 3 Chokers makes winning battles all the easier, 2 Lords help out when you’ve got a saber and against non-interactive decks.

U-3PO You put down Vader at site A. Opponent puts down Luke at site B. You could spend a Rise, My Friend to pick up Vader and capture Luke, but that’s unnecessary Force loss. U-3PO will hose your opponent’s biggest drain, which allows you to focus on fewer theatres of battle.

2 Alters and Oppressive Enforcement No major SAC attack in here, just enough to keep you alive against a deck running their own SAC. If you had to play against a lot of SAC, an extra grabber would probably do some good.

Bounty hunters and Jabba Lots of built in destiny adders means lots of easily won battles. They make life easier, especially Iggy, who’s a game winner more often than not for me.

Imperial Decree Takes out EBO. Usually a problem matchup for BHBM, focusing on holding the ground is much easier for this deck. It only makes sense.

Operational As Planned Recyclable 5, lets you put something else back as well. I’ve found it comes in handy as Grimtaash protection, as well, as you can play it as soon as you draw it.

The Cards That Are Not In Here, And Why They Aren’t

More Imperial Barriers I love them, but I haven’t seen a need for more than 1. If I needed more, they’d be the 1st thing in. Just save it until you really need it, Vader w/Emperor’s Power on table can hold off a surprisingly large force on his own.

Imperial Command w/Admirals and Generals Imperial Command is plenty cool, but you end up using characters that depend on an interrupt to be more useful than what I’ve got in here now. Against a SAC-heavy deck, this card blows for me. Bounty hunters are always helpful, no interrupts needed.

More SAC Takes up too many slots. While helpful against mains, you can beat the mains just through your brute power. No SAC necessary. There’s just enough in here to deal with problem cards (Savrip, Tank, OTE), everything else out there either isn’t a big deal or has another counter already in here (i.e. Secret Plans for retreival decks).

Strategy against decks

Profit You should rarely, if ever, lose to Profit. Eloms are wusses unless you throw down 5-6 of them at once. 2 Monnoks and 2 Masterful Move ensure that you will keep your opponent from amassing a beatdown force within their hand. Against a mains-based Profit, just battle it out. Shouldn’t have a problem winning a bunch of battles, so dueling Luke is an option. If it suits your fancy, start a couple of aliens at the AC. I personally prefer not to, but it might give you an opportunity to win some very early battles.

MWYHL Start YCHF instead of Oppressive, dump it as soon as you’re in position for S&D and start whittling away at their Life Force. You can beat the bums that come your way, but dueling isn’t a good idea until you’re sure it will end the game (i.e. 1’s or 2’s on top, 5’s-6’s further down). Occasionally a tough game, but you can always hold your own.

TRM or other similiar type Get Emperor to his Throne Room w/Emperor’s Power right away. Battle wherever and whenever, w/Emperor’s Power you should come out on top nearly every time. Keep Force Lightning handy in case they attempt to invade, a well-timed bolt can cause a complete situation reversal. Finding U-3PO helps huge. Should win this by a margin of 10-15 cards.

EBO Start IAO, Secret Plans and Imperial Decree. Put Emperor at either DSII DB or North Ridge 1st turn, move your guys in and activate Decree ASAP. From there, winning should be easy enough. If you pick up Luke, having the Emperor at his Throne Room is huge as repeated duels can devestate EBO. Secret Plans will injure any Bargawin tricks and slow your opponent to a point where he will be forced to be reactionary.

TIGIH You’ll never lose. Emperor 1st turn to Landing Platform, just set up and drain where you can. If it’s Speederholics style, it’s even easier, just Alter Flaps if it ever hits the board and Monnok their hand if you ever get the chance. Don’t be stupid and you won’t lose.

If you have any other questions, or are wondering about my strategy against a specific deck, feel free to ask in a review or D-mail me.

'