---
layout: post
author: ! Douglas "Douglas" Harvilla
title: ! "Those Rascally Rogues"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-06-12
description: ! '  Rogue Squadron's speeders have been reassigned from Echo Base to Dagobah.  Hilarity ensues.  Well, not for your opponent, who won't appreciate getting stomped on by super-speeders.  This deck uses one Third Anthology premium card, Echo Base Garrison.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Mind What You Have Learned/
Save You It Can

Locations(5)
Dagobah
Dagobah Yoda's Hut
Dagobah Jungle
Dagobah Swamp
Dagobah Bog Clearing

Characters(18)
Yoda
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Luke Skywalker x2
Boushh x2
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol x2
Tawss Khaa
Orrimaarko
BoShek
Zev Senesca
Wes Janson
Romas 'Lock' Navander
Dack Ralter
Jeroen Webb
Derek 'Hobbie' Klivian
Commander Wedge Antilles
H'nemthe

Starships(5)
Red Leader In Red 1
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Lando In Millennium Falcon
Tantive IV
Spiral

Vehicles(4)
Rogue 1
Rogue 2
Rogue 3
Rogue 4

Devices/Weapons(4)
Landing Claw
Power Harpoon x3

Effects(11)
Draw Their Fire
Frozen Assets
Scrambled Transmission
Goo Nee Tay
Traffic Control
Insurrection
Wise Advice
Ultimatum
Bacta Tank
One More Pass
Echo Base Garrison

Interrupts(11)
The Signal x3
Lone Rogue
Shocking Information
Skywalkers
Don't Get Cocky
The Force Is Strong With This One
First Aid
Transmission Terminated x2'

Strategy: '

	Goo Nee Tay is the best start against Hunt Down,
but against Ralltir Ops go with Echo Base Garrison.  It makes the unique T-47s (Rogue 1-4) immune to attrition <6 when their matching pilots are aboard, and gives you considerable help putting these guys on the right speeders.
  It also lets you go get Bacta Tank or Lone Rogue.  If you start with Echo Base Garrison, you can get a unique pilot/speeder combination set up quick.  T-47 Battle Formation would be a waste in here.  Not that kind of deck.
  Once you do, they absolutely rock.  With Yoda at his Hut taking 2 off the attrition against you, these things basically become immune to attrition <8  To make things even more disgusting, there is an extra bit of walker-killing tech in here.
  Power Harpoon deploys and fires pretty cheap.  Draw destiny, add maneuver.  If the total if 9 or greater, the walker crashes, taking it right out of the battle.  Since most of the matching pilots add to the maneuver of their speeders, this combined with the high destiny average makes it almost a guarantee.  Not card intensive at all, and trips walkers reliably, taking them out of the battle unlike the weaker Dual Laser Cannons.
  Put Dack or 'Lock' or Wes on board to inch the total a little closer, or just track destiny.  There are a lot of high-destiny cards in here.  To really force the issue, go get Commander Wedge Antilles with Echo Base Garrison and use his game text to grab One More Pass.  Adds the pilot's ability to the Power Harpoon total.
  Basically, if you want to kill a walker, it is yours.  Served up with some fava beans and a nice chianti.  SLUUUUUURP  This gives Ralltir Ops a real hard time.  And pretty much all decks have reason to fear the Luke/Han combination on Rogue 1.	It's the SuperFalcon on land	Two flips, 4 with Don't Get Cocky, and virtually impervious to attrition.
  A good space complement rounds out the deck, along with a lot of defensive effects and interrupts, which get SAC protection from the objective game text and Wise Advice.
  Oh, and if your opponent is playing Set Your Course For Alderaan, the best strategy is to invade the Death Star big-time.  With Boushh undercover somewhere, her game text keeps Come Here You Big Coward from canceling the force drains (read both cards), so your mains can run amok.
  Enjoy, and don't blame me when people start to hate playing against you.  (g)     '