---
layout: post
author: ! Cat "CatLoneRogue" Ceder
title: ! 'MBO v.1'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-06-15
description: ! 'Set up, flip, drain in space'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting Stuff
Massassi Base Operations/One In A Million
Yavin 4
Yavin 4 Docking Bay
The Signal
Haven

Sites
Hoth Main Power Generators x2 (1st Marker)
Hoth North Ridge (4th Marker)
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Corridor
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room
Yavin 4 Jungle
Raithal
Ralltiir
Ord Mantell
Clak'dor VII

Characters
Luke Skywalker x2
TK-422
Boushh
General Carlist Rieekan
Mon Mothma
Orrimaarko
Colonel Feyn Gospic
Elyhek Rue
Bren Quersey
Theron Nett
Lieutenant Naytaan
Kal'Falnl C'ndros
Figrin D'an
Melas
Tawss Khaa
Leslomy Tacema
Wedge Antilles
R3-T2 (Arthree-Teetoo)

Ships
Mon Calamari Star Cruisers x5
Artoo-Detoo In Red 5 x2
Lando In Millennium Falcon x2
Red Leader In Red 1
Red 2
Red 7
Red 8
Red 9
Red 10

Interrupts/Effects
Echo Base Operations
Traffic Control
Reflection
Goo Nee Tay
Rebel Planners
The Signal x2
Tranmission Terminated
A New Secret Base'

Strategy: '

First off I am allready going to be taking out Rebel Planners and Tranmission Terminated for Bacta Tank and Docking And Repair Facilities.

Another thing, the Planets that I chose were for the pilots and their bonuses their. I suppose I could have used anything but I wanted to do something a little different.

Now I played this deck last night twice. It's pretty good, but can definately use the cards that I have switched out (just wanted everyone to know the original version).
It played against a Court Of The Vile Gangster Deck and I lost 1 force per turn for the whole game till I got out Reflection then just kept loosing the same thing. ) - All in all the deck is solid.
Your first objective is to flip the objective...then once you secure that put the pilots ships in the Yavin 4 Docking Bay (if you can't secure Hoth without the pilots) then just move them to the Yavin Docking Bay from the Hoth Docking Bay, then put them on thier ships and fly them to Yavin where Haven is sitting...
Your opponent more than likely they won't come to you for fear of 2 destiny's and higher power (from EBO) so it's secured. I was essentially going to add some weapons in theire but then I decided not to because of space constrictions. There's only so many cards that you cn put into a deck. )

Another key thing that I found out is that NEVER loose from any of your 'Force Piles' I made that mistake and lost the 4th Marker (but I got it back w/Reflections) also I found that if you hold off and do it all at one time you can score big quick. The other nice thing is that the deck is almost Monnok proof (their are only a few doubles) - (it was funny I got monnok'ed last night and lost 2 Mon Cal's and that was all)

So enjoy in good health and let me know what you think.

Thanks

Cat "The Garindan Collector" Ceder'