---
author: Martin "Mart" Akesson
title: 'Herring'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-02-29
description: 'This deck was first made by Martin Falke. Modified to beat my Raltiir deck. Works great against other decks too.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Hidden base/

locations (8)

Rendezvous point
HB indicator
tibrin
alderaan
tatooine
bespin
chandrilla
kashyyyk

Starships (7)

Milleinium Falcon X2
Red leader in red 1
Gold leader in gold 1
Tantive
Spiral
YT 1300 transport

characters (13)

Obi with saber X2
Luke with saber X2
Leia with blaster X2
Captain Han X2
Melas
Taws khaa
orrimaarko
wedge
jeroen webb

effects (10)

Order to engage
Yodas gimmer stick
baccta tank
wise advise
battle plan
POAS X2
What are you trying to push X2
Our most desperate hour

interrupts (19)

Rebel barrier X2
Transmission terminated X2
Shocking information X2
dont forget the droids
fall of the legend
throw me another charge
a few maneuvers
glancing blow
the signal
tunnel vision
I know
skywalkers
gift of the mentor
clash of sabers
narrow escape
hyper escape

green (2)

landing claw X2






Strategy: 

Time for me to post anything to remain active, so i decided to post this deck since it's probably the best out there.

I first saw this deck when playing Bastian Winkelhaus in a friendly game. Now, a few months later when we haven't seen too many new cards in a while my conclusion is that this deck, or the clint hays speeder opperatives beatdown are the absolute best decks for LS there is. I have playtested this version like 10 times against my Raltiir deck, and this deck actually stands a chance if played right, it winns about half of the times. But its still kind of tricky to beat raltiir, here goes some strategy.

Raltiir ops.

start oppressive enforcement. The most anoying when playing raltiir is that small constant drain of like 3 you get each time, and which you can do nothing about. Therefore I included POAS. Raltiir cant do much about those, since they will save their alters for other effects like order to engage and our most desperate hour. Play very defensive in the start of the game. Try to get booth Luke and Obi to a raltiir location. Gimmer stick and narrow escape are key cards to keep those guys alive, just as barriers. Raltiir decks usually dont have many high ability characters, so avoid them as much as you can. With some characters down at raltiir he has to keep in mind that you might be able to flipp the objective back, and therefore he has to take more cards to defend the plannet.

grapple his alter, this is the most important thing, you cant win without your effects.

Sooner or later he has to come to space, and when he does its time to strike. Put down the falcon with leia and captain han and claw him. when the time is right, track some destinys and hit him hard. Try to take out as many starships as possible everytime you hit him, raltiir decks has nothing to retrieve with, and the falcon will have 3 destinies in each battle, which means like 15 attrition. If you manage to clear most of his space fleet (this is the hardest part) you have the chance of winning. Now order to engage will start hurting him. When (if) you clear most of his space fleet you dont have to keep obi/luke down at raltiir. Now it's time to start retrieving. He wont be able to alter our most desperate hour for long, and sooner or later you star retrieving. with 2 POAS down his drains will not be that anoying. Hit him down at raltiir every now and then with tracked destinys, retrieve you characters and hit him again. make him loose to order to engage, and flip the objective when you are sure he cant find the base.

thats it. this is absolutely not as easy as it sounds, but when played right, and with a little bit of luck you have a decent chance.

Tracking is the key, there are 5 recycleable destinys in the deck, and the average destiny is very high.

against other decks:

Hunt down.

Always start battle order. The strategy depends of what kind of hunt down he plays ofcourse, but with destiny adders and tracked destinys you will be able to battle him away. Transmission terminated and jeroen can cancel visage. Bacta tank, gimmer stick and narrow escape are key cards. Use your landing claws in space, and hit him with super falcon at the right time. With very high average destiny, saber mains and glancing blow you wont have to fear the duels as much.

opperatives

start battle order. get the super falcon out and use it for our most desperate hour early in the game. you will have a massive activation against opperatives. hit him with your mains, and see to it that he dont get around battle order. here, the gimmer stick, bacta tank and narrow escape and order to engage are also key cards.

Big blue

Start wise advise. Your superior destinys will win you games against big blue, they cant protect themselves against the super falcon. Obi, luke and their 4 - ability friends takes care of the ground along with nasty effects and battle interrupts.

Court/tatooine decks

start battle plan - play like you play other fight decks, take him out with the weapon- mains and adders. rely on interrupts and effects. keep space with falcon/claw.

endor objective/ECC objective

Start wise advise. Take control of endor/bespin to prevent a flip, and then battle them on ground where needed. The sabers will at probably everything you target, so take care of Vader, IG88, Mara and 4LOM first.

TIE/space decks

start battle order. against TIES, grapple all power to weapons, and the victory is yours. Landing claw is very useful, just as hyper escape, order to engage and baccta tank. Those decks cant handle the super falcon. Use Luke and Obi for destiny adding and forfeit fother.

Manipulators

This is the weak part. Fortunately not too many plays those decks today. At least i have one tunnel vision and 2 shocking infos and 2 grapplers might help you out, depending on what kind he plays. Manipulators are always tricky.


i think thats about all decks folks use today.. did i forget someone worth nemtioning?

As i said, i think this is the best , or at least most all-round deck right now. You will get big activation early (12 icons for you, 4 for you opponent totaly) The lockdown in end of games is awsome in tourneys to get high diferential.

cards that could go in:

tunnel visions!!
bith shuffle
keep you eyes open
ECC Lando
BoShek (against Zuckuss in MH), you cant claw starfighters, so they can run away from you.

cards that screws this deck:

monnok (used version) slows you down since you have to draw lots to get what you need. lost is not such a problem since there are not that many doubles in.
Heavy S/A/C - even if you grapple, it slows you down. also, if you have to grapple sense/alter you cant grapple other anoying effects.

Bad feeling have i - can be a problem if you play a deck that dont gice you all to much force, but mostly you have enough activation go get oround it.

in the end, this deck is from the beggining the creation of Martin Falke, and he should have major props for it!!




