---
author: Martin "Mart" Akesson
title: 'ECC version of the AT-ST ROPs deck'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-01-06
description: 'Big battle abilities using AT-ST's and high destinies. Updated version of my 7th placing worlds deck.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective (1)
Raltiir opperations/ in the hands of the empire


Locations (12)
forrest
raltiir
jungle
space port dockin bay
swamp
courscant
kashyyyk
meditation chamber
ice plains
Death Star
wampa cave
dagobah cave


Weapoms (1)
vaders lightsaber


Characters (16)
Darth Vader, Dark lord of the sith
Darth Vader
Lieutennant commander Ardan
lieutennant cabbel
officer evax
admiral ozzel
DS-61-2
IG-88 with Riot Gun
Navy trooper vesden
lieutennant arnet
AT-ST pilot X4
Grand Moff Tarkin
Brangus Glee


Vehicles (6)
tempest scout 1
tempest scout 2
tempest scout 3
tempest scout 5
tempest scout 6
blizzard scout 1


Starships (6)
devastator
bossk in hounds tooth
vaders personal shuttle
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Dengar in Punishing one
Dreadnaught


Creatures (1)
Bubo


Effects (6)
Bad feeling have I
Imperial arrest order
battle order
Oppressinve enforcement
security precautions
there be hell to pay X2


Interrupts (11)
Alter X3
Twi-Lek Advisor
Trample X3
Omni Box X2
Shocking Revelation
Imperial Barrier 

Strategy: 

This deck is very solid. It has great winning potential against every type of LS deck. The strategy is like the LS no-shelter deck, basicly fight your opponent where he is. There are many 2/0 locations to give you an activation advantage.

The advantage with this deck is that with your objective flipped, you have battle advantages and the ability to search for any card during your control phase. The AT-ST's are great: the ability to react helps you too easy protect raltiir when flipped, your characters may hide from weapons and clashes inside, and the EPPs can't target them with their guns. Also, the objective makes them all expensive to deploy to raltiir, combined with bad feeling have i, LS can't simply afford a heavy beatdown. When you flip the objective go out battling wherever you can. Landing down on dagobah should be done early if needed. The -1 force drain will give you the advantage when playing Hidden base, along with 6 ships. Just remember that Hidden base often have some beatdown mains. Opperatives should be handeled by trying to flip his objective back asap. once you do, he starnds no chance, and the AT-ST's will react around on the opperative planet preventing the drains.

there are also some recycleable interrupts, and tramples against smaller mains and undercovers or whatever. Vesden is great odds protection, and he is a character, that is the reason he is in instead of torture.

The starting interrupt:

Against opperatives - start battle order - you have no problem keeping battle order- he does!

against hidden base - start bad feeling have I. Mains are then +4 deploy to raltiir. Some hidden base starts use it only for activation, others usually have mains in them anyway, bad feeling protects you from beatdown. You can find security precautions by searching your deck later on.

against any kind of tatooine location start or any other strange start like war room or something - start oppressive enforcement. The grapplers are awsome against any kind of deck with S/A/C, harvest, HDWGITM or whatever he might play. Be sure to grapple sense early, with sense grappled and three alters in the deck you will soon have control of the effects that enoys you, while he can's sense your interrupts. Remember that there is only one alterable effect in the deck - bad feeling have I - so alter is not a problem.

Against mind what you have learned - start bad feeling have i - realy slows him down no matter what kind of MWYHL he uses.



Here are my answers to your commensts guys:

This deck was built a loooong time ago, before endor was released. At that time, ofcourse evader was in it, and when endor released i had 4 Evaders in, and I didn't change that until the night before worlds when i took them all out, thinking no one will play revolver decks. I haven't played since much since worlds, and when crush the rebellion was released along with the other ECC cards i thought no one would ever look at revolution anymore. However, obviously I was wrong, and a 2-3 Evaders is probably still needed.

About General Igar and his walkers. The reason I don't use this guy is because I prefer the chicken walkers. They are cheeper, they can react and you don't put all power on one card, like if they play under attack or mec. failure. Also, Goo Nee Tay is popular over here, and I try too keep as few characters with ability over 2 as posible. Also, the AT-ST pilots are (in my opinion) almost as good as igar, and they, along with the AT-ST's are better destiny too. The reason i don't use saber Vader is that i often use him as beatdown on other planets than raltiir, and then the imunity is very nice to have.

I will not drop multiple tramples, those are awsome, and if i need security from grimtaash just drop them to force drain or trample first best character. This cards protects from so many things, smaller mains, H'nemtes, undercovers, the anti-react guys (Romas Lock and the girl from endor). With the recycleable  destiny 5's leia, han and those guys go. In the end of games, this is the ultimate card.

About drains on those 2/0 locations.. with the objective flipped, there are no big drains to care for, and if there is a problem, i'll get a character who draws by him self from reserve and beat them away. Sure, CHYBC is one of the cards that i might add if we were playing with 70 cards, but it's simply not good enough here.

The number of characters is enough: with the objective you may search for the AT-ST pilots, and there are 6 walkers in, so you don't need that many characters then. Belive me, i have played very very very many games with this deck!

In the major tournaments i've played this deck (Gencon-99 (day 1 and 2) and worlds-99 (day 1 and 2) this deck has only lost once out of 14 games.. this one, along with my early manipulator (before JP) and my mains deck at the same time, is the best deck I have ever made!



