---
layout: post
author: Phillip "Karrdeshark" Aasen
title: 'EBOI think I finally got it.'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-10-18
description: 'Uses EBO for the Mega Drains.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Characters:15
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Daughter of Skywalker
Commander Luke Skywalker
Orrimaarko
General Calrissian
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Admiral Ackbar
Mon Mothma
First Officer Thaneespi
General Carlist Rieekan
Tycho Celchu
Zev Senesca
Derek’Hobbie’Klivian
Ishi Tib x2

Starships:11
Home One
Defiance
Independence
Liberty
Mon Calamari Star Cruiser
Artoo-Deeto in Red 5
Red Squadron 1
Gold Squadron 1
Green Squadron 3
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1

Vehicles:2
Snowspeeder x2

Weapons:3
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber
Anakin’s Lightsaber
Jedi Lightsaber

Devices:1
Landing Claw

Effects:11
Echo Base Operations
A New Secret Base (starting)
Haven
Docking and Repair Facilities
Mantellian Savrip
Traffic Control
Echo Base Garrison
Do, or Do Not
Squadron Assignments
Strikeforce
Projection of a Skywalker

Interrupts:4
Gift of the Mentor
The Signal x3

Systems:6
Kiffex
Hoth
Mon Calamari
Sullust
Kessel
Rendezvous Point

Sites:7
Home One:War Room
Home One:Docking Bay
Hoth:Echo Command Center
Hoth:Echo Corridor
Hoth:Echo Docking Bay
Hoth:Main Power Generators
Hoth:North Ridge


Strategy: 

Response to reviews: Kessel is in there for the drain, and the speeders have the landspeed so I can move around, plus they can move as a react. Rendezvous Point is in there for this. Scenario: I get out EBO like normal, deploy RP with Haven on it and my starships deploy -5 there and my pilots deploy -2. I mean I could deploy any of my starfighter w/matching pilot for free and RIR1 would deploy for 1

The strategy is Drain.	Start the First marker and the fourth marker, the signal and ANSB.  Use ANSB before you activate, to get out Echo Command Center and EBO first turn, Echo Corridor and Echo DB second turn, third turn (if you don’t already have it) get out EBG, and then get out systems. Try to get the Haven to Sullust or RP quickly.
Use the Snowspeeders and Obi/DOS/Orrimaarko to clear out anyone foolish enough to try to cancel EBO. Unless they have a Hoth site in their deck, as soon as you deploy Rieekan, EBO cannot be canceled. Don’t try to control all the systems because you’ll get beatdown. If the opponent deploys an Executor, I suggest you claw it and leave it alone. The sticks let you drain at echo base (talk about annoying) and help clear out fools. The Snowspeeders help you to move around both on and off hoth. DARF resurrects your starships so your opponent may have to get rid of the Home One (for example) four times. Gift of the Mentor is a 5 destiny and helps get out the sticks. You have loads of force and Monnok is basically useless against this deck plus you have traffic control so draw as much as you like. If the opponent wants to lose 2 force by altering it (because of DODN) then they’re just speeding toward their death. Ishi Tibs, you know what they’re for. Zev and Derek, for EBO. Projection of a Skywalker help cancel drains against ground deck.

Matchups:
ROPS: AS soon as Ounee Ta comes out it is going in to my deck, for the third lightsaber, and it will be no problem. and last and most important, drain like he%$

BHBM:Deploy Luke with some backup at the fourth marker to give them a loss of one force a turn ontop of your drains. if they move in to get him, then hack with the sticks (you have three and should be able to land a hit) and get rid of pests. Believe me, drain like he%$

HDADTJ: Don’t Bother with the Ground except for EBO reasons. Drain in space and stop any thing they try. You’ll need to drain like he%$

SYCFA: Drain like he%$

Endor Ops.: Orrimaarko and DOS w/sticks are going to do well if you back them up with speeders and Obi. as usual, drain like he%$

TIE deck: Deploy all your star ships and use Obi/DOS/orri. with Mantellian Savrip to slow your Battle Damage. Have I mentioned that your supposed to drain like he%$?

Anything else isn’t going to be something you’ll normally face so just stick to the strategy and drain like he%$. Thanks for reading this.

(sorry for the language but I REEAALLYY wanted to get my point across)	 