---
layout: post
author: ! Karim "kjedi" Jetha
title: ! "The Vile Tatooine Occupation"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-07-16
description: ! 'A Court the Vile Gangster deck, that uses Tatooine Occupation and lots of tech  -Please rate'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (4)
Court Of The Vile Gangster / I Shall Enjoy Watching You Die
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba’s Palace Dungeon
Tatooine Great Pit of Carcoon

Vehicles (4)
Dune Walker
Skiff
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 6

Weapons (2)
Thermal Detonator (x2)

Starships (4)
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
Dengar in Punishing One
IG-88 in IG-2000
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Creatures (3)
Bubo
Sarlacc (x2)

Characters (17)
4-LOM With Conc. Rifle
Boba Fett (CC)
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle
Bossk
Dengar
Djas Puhr
Feltipern Trevagg
Jabba
Jabba the Hutt
Jodo Kast
Galid (x2)
Mosep
Ortugg
Trooper Davin Felth
U-3PO
Zuckuss

Effects (8)
All Wrapped Up (usually starting)
Bounty
Come Here You Big Coward
Hutt Bounty
Imperial Arrest Order
Presence of the Force
Security Precautions
Tatooine Occupation

Locations (7)
Tatooine (x2)
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace
Jabba’s Palace Entrance Cavern
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Tatooine Lars Moisture Farm
Tatooine Mos Eisley

Interrupts (11)
Always Thinking With Your Stomach
Ghhhk
Hutt Smooch (x2)
Jabba’s Through with you
None Shall Pass (x3)
Oo-ta Goo-ta, Solo?
Twi’lek Advisor (x2)
'

Strategy: '

This is a pretty easy deck to play with.  You force them to come using the Obj., and then you capture them.  You can also capture using Oo-ta Goo-ta Solo? and Hutt Smooch.  YOu ship the captive to the dungeon, and then to the Sarlacc, where it will be digested over a time period of 1000 years.  Bounty and Hutt Bounty help here to retrieve. (I've retrieved 19 with  a captive Solo and Fett) You can send Feltipern Travegg to assorted suicide missions with his Thermal Detonator. . . and that will "blow lots of stuff up"

Bits o&#8217; Tech

     The Obvious Counter to &#8220;Court&#8221; is PROFIT
  Lots of Decks abuse Ben Kenobi&#8217;s  Text in Profit Decks.  All Wrapped Up takes care of this, and captures Luke, BEFORE he can be revived  Launch him to the Dungeon to retreive force, and have the sarlacc eat him for most damage.
  The other popular variety is the Boussh drop.  The two Hutt Smooches take care of that.  As a response to Boussh, you should capture her with Hutt Smooch.  See above to deal lots of damage.
  My recommendation is to pull Jabba the Hutt Boba Fett With Blaster with the gametext, and get 4-LOM with Conc. Rifle down as soon as possible.  Profit is a good deck, but there&#8217;s lots of tech against it in this deck.

     Big Blue HIDDEN BASE
  Hidden Base is not too popular in my region anymore.	Most HB decks use some EPP as suicide drops, and to insure that the DS doesn&#8217;t spread on the ground.	If this happens, spread thin somewhere, WHEN YOU PACK A GHHHK.	This forces them to come down.	Then drop and capture someone, and you should be set.  The loss of one each deploy phase will hurt them also.
  The big one is that you can fish out a Security Precautions, and you can PULL ALL YOUR INDEPENDENT STARSHIPS FOR THE ULTIMATE DROP  The fact that you take no battle damage helps, so you can probe, if it only has five systems.
  It will be a good game, but with the help of security precautions, you should win.  If you capture, and filp; you will beat them easily

     MAINS / TOYS / CHOKAGE
  One card. . . Oo-ta Goo-ta Solo?  This card is a surprise, because it is IMMUNE TO SENSE AND PLAYS FOR FREE when All Wrapped Up is down.  If all their Main's are captured, they can't deploy more, AND that means they won't have a shot at freeing them
Flip. . .
Retrieve. . .
Eat. . .
Retrieve. . .
(Make them lose force). . .
Repeat. . .

  If they don't pack Naburn Leids (or however you spell it), Feltipern Tevagg with a thermal detonator will really put a kink in their plans. . .

None shall pass slows them up too.
Always thinking with your Stomach will hurt. . .

-----------

As you can see, I'm pretty confident in my deck, and I'd like suggestions to make it even better.

Thanks all. . .

'