---
layout: post
author: ! Tim "Info Broker" Guzman
title: ! "Info Brokers LS Vegas Slam Deck"
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-06-02
description: ! 'This is a well refined Profit deck, that we all know and love.  It helped me get 4th place at the slam.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective
You can Either Profit by this.....

Locations(7)
TatooineJabbas Palace
TatooineAudience Chamber
TatooineCantina
TatooineDocking Bay
SpaceportDocking Bay
Rendezvous Point
Dagobah Yoda Hut

Characters(14)
Han Solo(start)
Han with Heavy Blaster
Master Luke x2
Luke with Lightsaber
Ben Kenobi x2
Boushh x2
Chewbacca
Lando with Blaster
Orrimaarko
Momaw Nadon
Bothan Spy

Weapons(4)
Anakins Lightsaber x2
Obi-wans Lightsaber
Leia Blaster Rifle

Effects(7)
Wise Advise(start)
What are you trying to push on us? x2
Undercover
Disarmed
Mechanical Failure
Order to Engage

Interrupts(27)
The Signal
Dont Forget The Droids x2
Clash Of Sabers x2
Sense x2
Altar x2
Someone Who Loves you x2
Narrow Escape x2
Fallen Portal x2
Transmission Terminated x2
Gift of the Mentor
Skywalkers
Weapon Levitation
Double Agent
Quite A Mercenary
Surprise Assault
Run Luke Run
Glancing Blow
Swing and a miss
Courage of a Skywalker
'

Strategy: '

This is a basic Profit we all know and love.  I feel that I have it refined to beat any deck that is out there.  It has won many, many games for me and it is very fun to play.  The teacher has opened my eyes to using Leia Blaster, that gun is awesome.

To beat Ralltiir the location choices will win you the game every time.  It is not hard to flip it and get Ben on Ralltiir with the Locations chosen in this deck.  Order To Engage and Narrow Escape wins it a lot for me, and the Very small SAC package is something your opponent will not expect.

EVERY GAME start with Wise Advice.  You should win every SAC WAR just because you start with that and you have two Grabbers.  That way your Interrupts will go through.  The beat down in this deck is huge.

Against Numbers you can see I have 2 Dont forget the droids.

Vs Huntdown you can see I have a lot of stuff to beat that, I played this deck against Hunt down a lot and it dominates it.

vs Endor OPs....I beat this every time, mainly because Leia gets to the bunker on turn and beats on the next, some times on the same turn, it gets pretty brutal.

vs CCT....I have two grabbers...some SAC, so Sabacc is not going to happen.

I will not get choked in any game my location come out and my deploy is good.  I have 2 SPYS because they are so huge in so many different situations, not to mention the one Undercover comes in handy.  If you have any question about this deck or why I play with a certain card just ask.

Like I said before this is a proven winner, and it also happens to be fun to play.

Enjoy,
Tim '