---
layout: post
author: ! Adam "Vincent Vega" Beauchamp
title: ! 'Machine Ralltiir Ops'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-08-09
description: ! 'This is the Ralltiir deck Team Machine played at the Dagobah Regionals, it did quite well, and Charlie Herren won with it.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective - 1
Ralltiir Operations

Locations - 12
Ralltiir
Jungle
Spaceport Docking Bay
Desert
Spaceport Prefects Office
Death Star II Docking Bay
Executor Docking Bay
Coruscant
Kiffix
Wakeelmui
Hoth Wampa Cave
Hoth Ice Plains

Characters - 17
Lord Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith
Mara Jade
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Captain Godherdt
Captain Sarkli
Colonol David Jon
Admiral Ozzel
Officer Evax
Lt. Cabbal
Lt. Arnet
DS-61-2
Commander Igar
AT-ST Pilot x3

Effects - 9
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Point
Imperial Decree
Oppressive Enforcement
Sandwhirl
Search and Destroy
Ability, Ability, Ability
There'll Be Hell to Pay x2

Interrupts - 8
Prepared Defenses
Masterful Move
Monnok
Imperial Barrier
Trample x2
Alter x2

Vehicles - 7
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout (generic)
Blizzard Scout 1

Starships - 6
Devestator
Chimeara
Bossk in Hound's Tooth
Zuckus in Mist Hunter
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Dengar in Punishing One'

Strategy: '

The idea was to streamline the deck as much as possible, so we took out the droids for more imperials to make the flip easier, and to be able to play as many ability 4 characters as possible, without taking away from the number of 2/2 scrubs. We did have a dreadnaught instead of the Devestator, but we swapped them when Godherdt came out. If you don't like the prefects office it can be swapped for the forest and then you can take out the generic tempest scout for Tempest Scout 3 (which Charlie did). We decided to add Sarkli as our Ops protection (as if anybody would play ops) because he is a spy and is good vs. there is Good in Him, and will oftentimes be a nudj x2 anyway. Here is how we play vs. specific strategies.

Vs. Profit - This is a tough match-up, and one of the reasons I don't recomend playing Ralltiir much anymore. Start Mob. Points, Imperial Arrest Order, and Oppressive Enforcement. Flip quickly and with authority. Profit will probably be flipped on turn 1 or 2 so you have to be quick as well. While setting up the flip, put 2/2 scrubs at the docking bay so you can out generate the profit deck. Get Decree as soon as you flip, and set that up with Ralltiir and Wakeelmui. This will make it where you are only loosing to the Profit damage, and an occasional drain of 1 at the cantina. Go after them if they spread, but if they fortify just 2 or so locations, search for Ability, Ability, Ability and watch them die. If they play Eloms you are pretty much screwed.

Vs. EBO - Start Imperial Decree, Mobilization Points, and IAO. Use the scrub at the docking bay for quick activation and flip 3rd turn or as fast as possible. Set up decree at Hoth sites so they will not be draining for to much. Once you are set up go to the air, but go strong or don't go at all. If they are playing a Super Falcon version, alter Order To Engage and just run from it if you make the mistake of going to the air vs. it. If they are playing standard EBO, load up ships with forfeit fodder, catch Hyper Escape and the likes, and wear them down. If it is super falcon, wait untill you have Dengar and Bossk before you try fighting.

Vs. There Is Good In Him - They will try to drain you for 2 or make you loose to the objective the entire game. This deck is not very balanced, and has the gaping weakness of loosing Luke as a fighting character. If you have Sarkli in the opening hand, by all means put him at the Hut first turn, and don't pull any sites from reserve. They will go from generating 6 to 2, plus if they do not have Honor of the Jedi ready to go, you will drain them for 2 right at the start. If they are playing TIGIH space, just flip and out drain them and Direct Damage them.

Vs. Test to 5/6 - One of the reasons we chose to play Ralltiir was because it is one of the few decks that can still use Direct Damage with success because of Honor of the Jedi. Basically flip 3rd turn, and enforce the flip 4th turn so that suicide mains, or Frozen Assets doesn't screw you up. Oce you flip, set up the direct damage, and get both catch cards. One for It Could Be Worse, and one for On the Edge. Testing is a tough match-up when you don't practice it, but after you playtest the match-up a few times, the testing decks begin to loose the edge.

Well, thats about all that is popular in our area right now. Becuase of the sudden emergence of Profit decks with Eloms, I do not know if this deck is viable or not, but I just wanted to show people the dark side deck that won the Dagobah Regionals. I would also like to thank all the people on MIRC that helped with the deck, especially Bentley.

Thanks for looking,
Adam "Vincent Vega" Beauchamp '