---
layout: post
author: Steve "BlackViper" Marshall
title: 'Yub-Yub!'
tags:
- Light
date: 2000-11-07
description: ! 'Turning Vader with the help of everyones furry little friends'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'STARTING (8)
There Is Good In Him
Chirpa’s Hutt
Luke JK
Luke’s Saber
Landing Platform
I Feel The Conflict
The Signal
Numbers (or AFA if they start number killer, Bargaining Table if you suspect heavy ground)

CHARACTERS (30)
Ewok Spearman x 18
Kazak x 2
Graak x 2
Ithorian x 3
Daughter Of Skywalker x 3
Threepio
TK-422

LOCATIONS (1)
Endor Back Door

INTERRUPTS (11)
Transmission Terminated
Were You Looking For Me?
Surprise Counter Assault
Sound The Attack x 3
Nar Shaddaa x 3
The Signal x 2

EFFECTS (10)
Traffic Control
Bargaining Table
Do, Or Do Not
Anger, Fear, Aggression X 6
Honor Of The Jedi '

Strategy: '

A couple of notes before I explain the deck
* This deck is pre-JPSD
* This deck won 1st place in a tournament
So give me a chance before you rate me. I am that Ewok Dude

I have been attempting a successful Ewok deck for over a year now, and I’m confident that I finally found it. It forced several players to include Projective Telepathy and Resistance into their decks the following week. Here’s the basics of how it works. It’s pretty fun, and it actually wins

The reason Ewok decks don’t work at all is because there is no reason for people to visit Endor, and your drains are minimal compared to what the DS can do to you. Since most ewoks decks have no space, DS has another easy drain advantage over the decks. This deck set out to destroy all that. After wondering how to get DS to visit Endor, I finally realized that AFA was my answer. Now the combo of the drains plus the pop was enough to make my opponent stop by. This deck would be less effective with space than it is without, so I don’t worry about it. TIES ain’t got nothing on me. An Admiral Chiraneau drain? Let’s see them set up when I’m draining for 7 from the top of Reserve every turn with AFA ready to pop. It doesn’t sound like a big drain, but you don’t get to choose what you lose.

First off, popping numbers with Luke at the Hutt during your first turn activation is just cool. It’s a quick loss of 6 for the fools who don’t play with protection. If they do have protection, it’s an easy Force loss that doesn’t hurt the deck. AFA in the deck every single turn really hurts, especially when you see the kind of power these guys are packing.

The best combo in this deck is incredibly deceptive because it involves a card that no one uses Surprise Counter Assault. Traffic Control is to get the Fuzzies back into your deck. Drop Threepio at an Endor site where the opponent has the most characters, then sit and wait with 4 Force saved up. He drains, you pay the Force, cancel the drain, and drop as many ewoks as you’ve got in your reserve deck to the site (for free, of course) and let him run. Does he want to run to his Used Pile? Fine. Did I mention AFA just popped? With Do Or Do Not, it’s not worth Sensing (lose 3 cards to the Sense, then lose 4 more to AFA). And btw, with every single Ewok now out of your deck, it’s a great time to use your Wind Chimes once-per-game text. How cool is that??

If they don’t escape and they still battle, let em do it Your ewoks are power 2 already, and let’s say you just deployed 12 of them from your deck. That’s power 25 with Threepio there. You’re getting a destiny with your ability, another with Sound The Attack, and 2 more with Were You Looking For Me. That’s 4 battle destinies in a rather high destiny deck, and you’re adding 12 to the final attrition. DS is gonna lose everything at the site to that. Add an Ithorian to the battle to add 13 to your power. Add Daughter Of Skywalker to add another 16 to your power. How about 54 power in a single battle? And that’s not even the max power potential of the deck; that’s just a reasonable, average power. If they throw down a scrub against your army with a Ghhhk in hand to satisfy AFA, laugh at your opponent. Transmission Terminated is in the deck to cancel Ghhhk, not Visage. Game Over. Throw Threepio in the Used Pile to their attrition.

Monnok, you say? No I fear no Monnok I throw my Ewoks back in the deck, remember? I keep enough in hand to cancel a drain or 2, and the rest go to Traffic Control. The Spearmen get their battle destiny, even if one is excluded from the battle. They only have to be present with another, not in battle with another. They deploy for 2 instead of 1, but I’m gonna deploy them from the deck for free, anyway. The tournament-winning deck used Tribesmen, but I changed that after playing both versions several times. Battles are deceptively easy to win, and I Feel The Conflict is easy to stack. I don’t need hardly any generation in this deck; the only reason the Back Door is here is for the drain of 2 (or 3 with an ithorian, 4 with Kazak, and 4 from reserve with Graak). Drop at least 1 ewok at all the sites to add 1 to the drains, and drop Kazak at the Back Door to make it all come from the reserve.

I suggest that you play this deck at least once. It’s fun to play, and it can hold its own in a tourney providing you know how to play it. Change it to suit your needs, prepare it for JPSD, and get ready to see some odd looks on your opponent’s face When I played, I heard a lot of "You’re doing WHAT?" and "grumble... grumble... projective telepathy... grumble..." and all sorts of stuff. Thanks for reading. '