---
layout: post
author: Karl "Igar" Sundberg
title: 'Tatooine Holographic Insanity'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2000-03-18
description: ! 'This deck sets up Jabba's Palace and the Holotable early for force generation then sets up Tatooine Occupation.  The deck uses Holograms/masterfull move for holotable drains and big destiny for weapons/double destiny draws.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start (3)
Tatooine Space
Tatooine Jabba's Palace
Combat Readiness

Locations (6)
Imperial Holotable
Jabba's Palace Aud.
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Moisture Farm
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Tatooine Tusken Canyon

Vehicles (5)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Dune Walker
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest Scout 4

Ships (7)
Executor
Devastator
Dreadnaught X3
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Characters (15)
Vader w/lightsaber X2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Mara Jade
Jabba The Hutt
Fett w/blaster
4-lom w/rifle
Commander Igar
Dengar w/blaster
Dr. Eveazan X2
DS-61-2
Officer Evax
Lieutenant Cabbel
Captain Lennox

Weapons (1)
Mara Jade's Lightsaber

Effects (10)
Tatooine Occupation
Security Precautions
Visage of the Emperor
Image of the Dark Lord
Presence of the Force X2
Secret Plans
Battle Order
Oppressive Enforcement
Disarmed

Interrupts (13)
Twi'lek Advisor X3
Trample
Masterful Move X4
Monnok
Always thinking with your stomack
You are beaten X2
Look sir Droids

'

Strategy: '

The deck starts with tatooine space and Jabba's Palace to rip Jabba's Aud. for good early activation and easy Occupation.  The deck also gets good early activation with 4 masterfull moves to grab the holotable early and to reduce the need for 0 destiny sites. Then depending on the hand and opponents deck it sets up well deffended drain at any of the locations then sets up tatooine Occupation (removed from the deck with a Twi'lek Advisor).  The rest of the decks plan is simply to use the decent destiny in the deck with weapons and double destiny draws to battle your opponent ethier where they are or off tatooine.  And whenever possible the deck trys to finish with a well placed You are beaten with vader w/lightsaber or Jade w/lightsaber.

Well unfortunatly I have not played many of the top deck types because I live in Maine where most people mostly play fun decks that don't ever include numbers or Operatives (which is why the deck has no numbers protection).

The deck is designed to butcher Profit decks planing to convert thier starting locations and use thier objective to help you set up occupation.  Oh and Look sir droids to kill a gift.

The ship count is so the deck can easly hold tatooine space for enough turns to count against any space deck (Hidden base or otherwise).

Against Mains and toys (most decks in Maine currently) Weapons that hit 50% of the time and Walkers drive them nuts expesialy with Dr. E.  Also most are designed around tatooine so they give you good drain/occupation sites.

Against Training the multiple sorces of force loss holotable, space, ground, presence of the force and occupation out pace the deck and the balacne of the deck gets around Battle Plan.







'