---
layout: post
author: Chris "Wedge231" Wodicka
title: 'Who the hell is Chris Wo@#$%a!!!!!'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-29
description: 'Learn the power of my last name.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective: 
Endor Ops

Locations (6): 
Endor
Endor: DB
Endor: Bunker
Wakeelmui 
Sullust 
Kashyyyk 

Characters (6): 
Arica 
U-3PO 
Merrejk 
Ephant Mon
Darth Vader with Lightsaber x2

Starships (16): 
Emperor’s Sword
Emperor’s Shield 
TIE Interceptor x8
TIE Vanguard x3
Dreadnaught x3 

Weapons (3): 
SFS L-s 9.3 Laser Cannons x3 (from SE) 

Interrupts (15): 
Flawless Marksmenship 
Relentless Pursuit 
Twilek Advisor x2 
All Power To Weapons x3 
Short Range Fighters 
Ghhhk/Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us x2
Shocking Revelation 
Ommni Box/It&#8217;s Worse 
Prepared Defenses 
Main Course x2

Effects (12): 
Sienar Fleet Systems 
Dreaded Imperial Starfleet 
Secret Plans 
Oppressive Enforcement/There is No Try 
Mobilization Points 
Ability, Ability, Ability 
Pride of the Empire 
Grabber x2 
Presence of the Force 
Ominous Rumors
Power of the Hutt

AO (1): 
Fighter Cover 

Strategy: 

If you rated this low you most likely are stupid. 

General JarJar: I can’t hold a site???? What do you think Ephant and the Bunker are for. You really should try to read my decklist or if you are that dumb, read the strategy section.

Rogue 9: What do you mean I can’t deploy the sword??? Why not???? Also, I can’t lose to QMC. I will use undercover guys to kill their drains and I will control Bespin. Also, this is a pre-Tatooine deck. I’m not worried about that new effect for QMC.





Note: I might want to add an Overload. Tell me what you think.

This is my old SYCFA TIE deck changed to Endor Ops. This objective is much better suited to play vs a WYS deck. Basically start Mob Points, There is No Try/Oppressive Enforcement, and Power of the Hutt. Then you get Ephant out first turn to the bunker, pull Wakeelmui, and you possibly get out Ominous Rumors. Here’s the deck summed up:

Locations: 
All are either required cards for my objective or good drain systems. Wakeelmui is for SFS if you are stupid.

Characters:
U-3PO and Arica will block drains on the ground and use Merrjek to pull systems. Ephant is for Bunker protection. Vaders are for suicide missions.

Ships:
The Intercepters are your main ships for fighting with. The Vanguards ccan be used defensively and use the Dreadnaughts for beatdowns or moving. The two squadrons can react and have 3 ability and let you retrieve 3 with SFS.

Weapons:
Those TIE cannons are sick. Shoot down the Falcon or the Outrider. Vs. Home One play Relentless Pursuit

Reds:
Most interrupts are battling stuff which is self explanatory. Relentless Pursuit makes a ship power zero where your weapons are. Can’t be cancelled by Hasshn or Bantha Droid like Lateral Damage. Alot of anti-battling stuff like Ghhhks. Use Main Course perhaps with a suicide Vader or just use them for anti Assets. Effects are all self explanatory also. Either you are starting with them or using them later. Use SFS for retrieval and use Ominous for +2 drains. Presence of the Force also adds to drains. Secret Plans is for anti-retrieval or pull Shocking Revelation with it. Pride of the Empire is a source of direct damage. Use AAA to make them commit force first. Deploy a few TIEs and deploy that. Use Flawless Marksmenship to shoot down high maneuver ships. Use Dread Imperial Starfleet to cancel drains. Two grabbers is for keeping abusive interrupts like Harvest and Organized Attack in check. The Twi’leks get out my effects fast.

AO:
Fighter Cover helps out your Cannons and it is for anti-I’ll Take the Leader.

Matchups:

Mains:
Just drain fast. You got Vader’s but watch for falling doors. Use Undercover guys and if they get SATM’ed just retrieve them. Chances are you will have more retrieval. Grab any annoying things like Fallen Portal (your Vader’s will keep coming back) or grab a 6 or maybe SAC or On/Off the Edge. You should win. They won’t have much space. Anything that comes up, shoot down or just beatdown Home One if they ever deploy that

AITC Aliens:
Easy. Block their drains on the ground and you drain in space. Vader can slice up some aliens every now and then. You got huge drains and can block 3 per turn, chances are they can’t. Plus you have more retrieval.

Space:
Easy. Shoot down any fighters and play Relentless Pursuit on Mon Cal Cruisers. You can drain them at +2 and they probably can’t cover every system. Retrieval helps.

Speeders:
Easiest. Just block their drains and go for space and spread thin. You have lots of retrieval which helps. They can’t keep up with the drain race. 

X-wings:
Hard. Just try to shoot them down first. Also, grab All Wings and Organized Attack. Interceptor power bonus could help. Remember reacts and use them to your advantage. Added deploy to Endor will make swarm there tough.

Anything else:
Basic gameplan is to set up Rumors and drain at Endor. Then pull other systems and get Vanguards or Tie’s with guns to each system. Then if they ever come down, beat them down. Remember retrieval from SFS and use suicide Vaders. 

In all games, remember to lose a TIE to the used pile and save Short Range Fighters for late game retrieval. 

Anything else, d-mail me. 

- Chris ”Wedge231” Wo@#$%a

