---
author: Chris "Wedge231" Wodicka
title: 'Why I am 0 points in Fantasy Vegas DPC'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-22
description: 'Who is Chris Wo@#$%a anyway??????'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective: 
SYCFA/TUPINTU 

Locations (8): 
Death Star 
Death Star: Docking Bay 
Alderaan 
Wakeelmui 
Death Star: War Room 
Endor 
Sullust 
Kashyyyk 

Characters (3): 
Arica 
U-3PO 
Merrejk 

Starships (17): 
Death Star Assault Squadron 
Emperors Shield 
TIE Interceptor x12 
Dreadnaught x3 

Weapons (3): 
SFS L-s 9.3 Laser Cannons x3 (from SE) 

Interrupts (14): 
Flawless Marksmenship 
Relentless Pursuit 
Twilek Advisor x2 
All Power To Weapons x3 
Short Range Fighters 
Ghhhk/Those Rebels Won&#8217;t Escape Us x2
Shocking Revelation 
Ommni Box/It&#8217;s Worse 
Prepared Defenses 
Main Course

Effects (12): 
Sienar Fleet Systems x2 
Dreaded Imperial Starfleet 
Secret Plans 
Oppressive Enforcement/There is No Try 
Mobilization Points 
Ability, Ability, Ability 
Pride of the Empire 
Grabber x2 
Presence of the Force x2

AO (2): 
Fighter Cover x2  

Strategy: 

This is my new TIE deck. It can beat almost any deck around and it is very easy to play. Your starting effects are Mobilization Points, There is Not Try/Oppressive Enforcement, and Secret Plans. Basically on turn 1, pull Wakeelmui, DS War Room, and try to get out SFS. If not, it should be out by turn 3 or 4 at the latest. Then drop a drain 2 system with a Tie and a Cannon. If they come down to beat you up, play Ghhhk, and Main Course if they play Frozen Assets/Draw Their Fire. Then on your turn, you drop TIE’s and a Dreadnaught and beat your opponent up. All Power to Weapons and shoot people down with your cannons. You also have good drain potential. Spread with TIE’s and cannons to some systems and after you Ghhhk if they battle you, beat them up with your ships. Use Merrjek to pull systmes but he is not too vital. I also pack Undercover spies to block ground drains and Dreaded Imperial Starfleet can cancel drains too. You have good drains, good fighting power, and good retrieval. Flawless Marksmenship lets you make sure to hit Super falcon. PotF will add even more to your drains. If they deploy I’ll Take the Leader, just deploy your AO. Presence of the Force adds to the solid drains of 2. Grab anything that might hurt you. Grimtaash doesn’t hurt too often. I have been Grimtaashed for something like 4 Ties and I’ll Take the Leader was out but I still won thanks to U-3PO and my Tie Cannons. Play smart and you can win almost any matchup.

Vs. Mains: 
Easy. Just spread in space and make sure you have a Ghhhk in hand. Drain them and cancel their drains. Grab any retrieval or SAC they’re running. You will have huge retrieval. If they battle with Falcon, it gets shot down. Home One will get Relentless Pursuit played on it. Easy, easy......

Vs. Aitc:
Same as above. You spread and drain and block their drains and you have good retrieval. Grab Nar Shaddaa and anything else that might hurt. They usually don’t have a huge space package. In the end, this is also easy.

Vs: Speeders:
You block their drains and are retrieving for anything that gets through. If they pack X-wings, shoot some down and you also get power bonus too. Don’t deploy Merrjek if they use TIGIH. You will drain big, they will not. You will retrieve, they will not. Basically, you win. 

Vs: Balanced Space:
Shoot any starfighters down like Dash or red squadron pilots etc. Drain them here and there and try to get Dreaded Imperial Fleet out. Retrieval helps. You should be able to win. Any big ships, just Relentless Pursuit them. 

Vs: Space swarm:
Spread fast and get cannons or hold Ghhhk. Deploy AAA and they will make first move. After big battle, just Ghhhk. Then hit them back. Grab Organized Attack and All Wings. Make sure you initiate first so you can use your cannons first. Retrieval should help. Remember late game Short Range Fighters. 

Vs Other decks (Scouts, Profit, numbers):
Vs these just deploy to some systems with Ties and cannons. Hold a Ghhhk in hand. Drain them and block thier drains. Vs numbers, try to drain fast, possibly using retrieval to liimit damage. You can shuffle your deck every turn too with your obj. or use Merrjek if he’s out. Against Profit or scouts, drain race and hold a Ghhhk. If they deploy to space, beat them out.


Enjoy! Any comments or suggestions, d-mail me.


- Chris ”Wedge231” Wo@#$%a     