---
layout: post
author: ! drew "drew man1" scott
title: ! "SCUM KILLING PROFIT"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-05-06
description: ! "hardcore mains deck that makes the opponent either fight you and then they  lose, or they just lose"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'STARTING JANK
profit
jabbas palace
audiance chamber
HFTMF
wise advice
aim high
your insight serves you well
general solo

CHYARACTERS
EPP luke X3
EPP obi X3
EPP leia X2
ECC chewie
EPP han X2
chewie protector
corn horn
EJP lando X2
artoo and threepio

EFFECTS
i hope she’s alright
begger
seeking an audiance 
underworld contacts
first strike
what are you tryin to push on us X3
honor of jedi

INTERRUPTS
nabun leids
you will take me to jabba now X2
the signal X2
bith shuffle/desperat reach
slight weapons X2
smokes screen X2
skywalkers
gift of the mentor
protector
artoo, i,ve got a bad feeling about thisX2
tunnel vision X2
tunnel vision/ control 
alter
clash of sabres
someonme who loves you X2

LOCATIONS
yodas hut
massasi war room
home 1 war room
rondevous point
echo war room
'

Strategy: '

first off, play profit as you would normal. try to get seeking an audiance out with either a signal or tunnel vision. once thats out pull under world contacts so your sights dont get converted. you would also want to get at least 2 twix sites out.( you should get at least 1 in your opening hand)
Once you got the activation down the game should be a breeze. use begger to use your opponents force so you can abuse draw thier fire. against scum you should win, if you get nabrun leids than you should beable to bring a beatdown crew to the audiance chamber. don’t forget to  grab thier nsp, abbysin ornabent and barrier.
     against huntdown pull honor. if they start no escape, oh well. make the both of you lose to visage with a jedi down somewhere, or cancel it with corn horn. 
      Same with bring him before me, except abuse the deploy for 1 luke from the deck. and try not to give luke unless you have to because it is really good to beable to have a constant suicide luke in this deck.
     This deck has done very good against everything EXCEPT a isb space deck. it can hold its own about half the time which is’nt so bad.
     some people might think 3 grabbers is a bit much but its not. you need to beable to gab all that gay jank that scum plays plus some recycleable 5’s or 6’s. the alter is in thier just because if you draw it you can cancel some abussive effct that oppnent is playin, like bargaining table, or DIF, or reacor terminal.
 if for some reason you have horribal luck and get no tunnel vision,signal, or any twix sites, than well maybe profit is just not your thing.

later

-drew man1 '