---
layout: post
author: Nate "Dawg" Smith
title: 'Podracing w/ the Jedi'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-06-15
description: 'Uses podracing backed by high destinies, with Jedis to controll the ground'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting: (6)
Tatooine: Slave Quarters
Tatooine: Podrace Arena
Podrace Prep
Anakin’s Podracer
Honor of the Jedi
Boonta Eve Podrace

Charactors: (14)
Qui-Gon Jinn x2
Obi-Wan Kenobi, Padawan Learner
Ben Kenobi
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x2
Padme Naberrie
Shmi Skywalker
EPP Han
EPP Leia
EJP Lando
ECC Chewie
Jar Jar Binks
C-3P0 w/ his parts showing

Weapons: (3)
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber 
Qui-Gon Jinn’s Lightsaber
Luke’s Lightsaber

Starships: (4)
Home 1
Tanitve IV
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1

Epic Event: (1)
I Did It!

Locations: (4)
Coruscant
Tatooine: City Outskirts
Tatooine: Obi-wan’s Hutt
Tatooine: Podrace Bay

Interrupts/Effects:(28)
Courage of a Skywalker x2
Clash of Sabers
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Losing Track x3
Too Close for Comfort x3
A Step Backward x2
Entering the Arena x2
Changing the odds x3
Neck and Neck x2
Out of Commision x2
Either way, you win
The Bith Shuffle x2
Goo Nee Tay
Lightsaber Proficientcy
Armed and Dangerous
Traffic control



Strategy: 

This deck has a lot of usefull high destiny cards that help you to win the podrace. I try to win the podrace and then use my jedi and epp’s to take care of anything else or get some drains going. 
     I start by saving up enough force to deploy shmi to the slave quarters from my reserve deck, and deploying 3P0 and a jedi there as well. This is my ’staging area’, where I can keep my people safe while i look for other jedi, lightsabers, and sites. Use 3P0’s gt to get high destinies if your opponient challanges you there. 
     Next I initiate a podrace. The only chance your opponient has of winning against you is if he uses sebulba’s pod, and you get low destinies. I suggest tracking as a good way to make sure you get the high destinies you need. Once you win the race, deploy I Did It (you should pull this card on your first turn using anakin’s podracer, as to get a zero destiny out of your deck). This means you retrived a total of 10 force for winning the podrace. 
    Searce for City Outskirts to help getting your Jedi out. Padme also helps getting them out. I’d suggest pulling out luke with the outskirts gt, unless you have him in your hand. Then use padme to pull obi and qui-gon out, if you can deploy her. Arm your Jedi with lightsabers and sart draining at any possible place. Get a drain going at coruscant, and you could be draining for 8 or more if you set things up right. 
    One of the favorite decks that are being played in my area are dualing and Hunt down the queen. To help protect your jedi from dueling, courage of a skywalker was included. NOOOO protects luke from being converted, and could possibly be a game saver. 
     I have fun playing this deck and plan on taking it to my next tourny. It has simple game mechanics, and it is a tournament worth deck. Please leave remarks when you review the deck to help me out, thanx! 