---
layout: post
author: ! Martin "Harbinger" Parzonka
title: ! "Bring Him Before The Visage Of The Harbinger"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-10
description: ! "A standard BHBM with a refreshing view of Palpatine."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

' 
Starting
	 1 Bring Him Before Me/Take Your Father’s Place 
	 1 Insignificant Rebellion 
	 1 Your Destiny 
	 1 Death Star II Throne Room  
	 1 Prepared Defenses	 
	 1 Mobilization Points 
 	 1 Imperial Arrest Order 
	 ...Third Effect changes on situation...

Locations
         1 Death Star II Docking Bay  
         1 Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)  
         1 Gall  
	 1 Imperial Holotable


Characters         
	 1 4-LOM With Concussion Rifle  
	 1 Arica         
	 1 Commander Igar  
         1 Darth Vader With Lightsaber  
         1 Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
         1 Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba  
         2 Emperor Palpatine  
         1 Grand Admiral Thrawn
	 1 Grand Moff Tarkin  
         1 Guri  
         1 IG-88 With Riot Gun  
         1 Janus Greejatus 
         1 Kir Kanos  
         1 Lord Vader  
         1 Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand  
         1 Myn Kyneugh  
         1 Prince Xizor  
         1 Sim Aloo  


Vehicles         
	 1 Blizzard 2  
         1 Tempest 1  


Starships         
	 1 Boba Fett In Slave I  
         1 Chimaera  
         1 Dengar In Punishing One  
         1 Bossk In Hound’s Tooth  
         1 Flagship Executor  
         1 Zuckuss In Mist Hunter  


Interrupts         
	 1 Alter & Collateral Damage 
	 1 Force Lightning  
	 1 Masterful Move         
	 2 Projective Telepathy  
         1 Sense 
         1 Sense & Uncertain Is The Future 
         1 The Circle Is Now Complete 
         1 Trample 
         2 Twi’lek Advisor  


Effects         
	 1 Battle Order  
         1 Imperial Decree 
         1 Lateral Damage  
         1 Reactor Terminal 
         1 Secret Plans  
         1 Well-Earned Command
	 2 Visage Of The Emperor


Weaponry         
	 1 Dr. Evazan’s Sawed-off Blaster  
         1 Force Pike 
         1 Mara Jade’s Lightsaber   '

Strategy: '

 
Strategy

First of all this is a semi-fun, but meant to be tourney usable deck, I felt like a change.

The third effect you start with all depends on the type of deck your playing against, the default effect is most likely Battle Order, it dosen’t really matter.
If your up against MWYHL or WYS start with Secret Plans, if playing EBO start Imperial Decree.

Before you activate pull out Gall. Deploy Palpy to Endor DB, sure you may say he’s open for a beatdown and if you’re the kind of person that is cautious then put him at D*2 DB, but I like to have a force drain on my second turn, also you can pull Force Lightning to protect him, and you may even get Sim, Janus or a Projective Telepathy in your hand. 

The deck is simple, BEATDOWN, if your opponent is chicken @#$% just sit and drain at all your locations, TK-422? No problem, Trample, Han-ish pancake.

Now you may be thinking Visage Of Palpy? Well here is why, first of all, I want to try something intuitive, using the exact same deck for too long just gets boring. You use Masterful Move to first pull the Holotable, then get out Visage and deploy it there like a character, this will give you an almost gauranteed drain of 1 the rest of the game, you may be thinking just 1 isn’t much, but it will slowly but surely eat away at your opponent. Also if your opponent gets sick of it, they may deploy Projection Of Luke there, and battle to get rid of Visage, fine you have a good chance of winning that battle and that’s another card stacked under Insignificant Rebellion. Not only all that but Visage is a great destiny, Well-Earned Command makes the drain at the Holotable 2 and it adds to destinies on Igar. If anybody says that this can’t be done, since Visage says deploy on Holotheatre or Conference Room, then you need to read the Glossary under Dejarik Rules. NB in the end game you can increase your differencial by one (not much, I know) by taking Visage back into hand from the Holotable, and using Reactor Terminal.

Also very small tech - If you so require, at one stage in the game take Visage into hand from the Holotable, use Janus to track you a nice healthy 7.

Do, Or Do Not/Wise Advice is no big issue, you just have to be careful with Sense & Alter, only use them when it comes to the crunch and you absolutely have to.

Arica is cool because you place her at a site with Dr. E’s gun, break cover and take out a site, don’t be dumb and do this at a site that has Luke, JK. You can, however, have other people at the site, so when Arica breaks cover, she can’t be beaten down on, but that sort of defeats the purpose.

Three Vader’s are enough for the deck, I always get them within time, and you shouldn’t rely on Vader, what if Luke, Rebel Scout gets to him?

Against major decks

MWYHL Gall is in here for that very deck, since it has a parsec of 9, you can deploy the Hound’s Tooth there, load it up, and move on out to Dagobah. There you will find Yoda, the Jedi Master who instructed me... err, or maybe you would just prefer to kick the little green elfs head in.

Profit Deploy Jade and Xizor there at the start, when your turn begins, deploy Palpy, Jade’s Saber and take Force Lightning into hand, secure? I think so. Then get everthing you have and crawl all over Tatooine. Beat down on those who stand in your way.

EBO Start Imp. Decree and have a camp out on Hoth, beautiful Summer weather isn’t it?

WYS Start Secret Plans, and smuggle your goons around to take out their smugglers.

TIGIH There was never good in him and there never will be You beat on them, they beat on you, tough, but the Darkside always has more power.

HB Go to systems they’re not at, control the ground.

There you have it, enjoy

”Nuts to this game and all its funny rules”
-Harbinger 

'