---
layout: post
author: ! Jon "Wow" Bragg
title: ! "hat You Are About To See Is Not A News Broadcast AKA Unsolved Mysteries Is Tech"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-22
description: ! "(FKA Wow’s How To Suck At SWCCG And Still Win Deck) Tonight, a Hunt Down Racing deck found dead after a brief stuggle. Was the work of a Russian voodoo doctor or just another tech mystery? Perhaps someone watching holds the vital clue. Join me tonigh"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7)

1st Marker
4th Marker
Podracer Prep
Tatooine Podracer Arena
Boonta Eve Podrace
Anakin’s Podracer
A New Secret Base

Characters (7)
Qui-Gon Jinn
Obi-Wan w/ Lightsaber
Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout
Corran Horn
Figgie Dan
Zev Senesca
Hobbie

Starships (12)
X-wing x10
Home One
Lando In Millenium Falcon

Weapon (1)
X-wing Laser Cannon

Interrupts (18)
A Step Backwards x4
Too Close For Comfort x2
Organized Attack x3
Rebel Barrier x2
The Signal x2
Hyper Escape
Star Destroyer
All Wings Report In
OOC/TT
Nabrun Leids

Effects (8)
Echo Base Operations
Echo Base Garrison
Ice Storm
Draw Their Fire
Honor Of The Jedi
Your Insight Serves You Well
Menace Fades
Incom Corporation

Locations (6)
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Corridor
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Hoth
Sullust
Kiffex

Pull Me(1)
I Did It '

Strategy: '

UPDATE THINGS BROUGHT TO MY ATTENTION

Set For Stun/Wookie Kissing Brangus Loop. So, in the Brangus deck that plays 1 or 2 of each of this card, your going to waste all your cards to stop EBO from being deployed. OK. So here’s what I’m going to do. I’m going to deploy HOTH, and SULLUST with 10 x-wings, Home 1 and Falcon. I’m going to drain for 2 there. I’m going to move all my characters to the ”4th marker” and drain for 1 there. MEANWHILE, your going to drain me for 1 each turn at the podrace arena. your going to block my EBO EACH TURN, so your going to take 4 drains a turn. IF I win the race, (which I plan to do), I’ll set up I Did It, So I’ll retrieve the 1 force a turn you drain me for. IF NOT, I’ll use Figgie Dan to retrieve the the 1 force a turn.

Lets Look At This Again, and hell I’ll give you the podrace

SYCFA Wookie Kiss Loop 11 Force Retrieval Once, Drain for 1

My EBO 11 Force Loss once, 1 Retrieval A Turn, All Wings for 10 once, Drain of 3 -> 5 a turn.

How do I lose again?

DS PODRACING I HAVE 4, 4 A STEP BACKWARDS. and 2, that is TWO, too close for comforts (Cancels Podracer Collision) Explain to me how a deck with 2 or 3 podracer collisions will beat that??

Maybe You Can Solve A Mystery?

===END UPDATE===



Hey Everyone.

First Off I’d like to thank a few people, ”Uncle Chall” whose deck I saw and developed my own EBO from it. ”DSVONE” who helped me make a few last minute card changes. Plus the whole #StarWarsCCG crew, whose support... or lack thereof, is always there.

Now, you’re first thought is probably ”Scrub” or ”Sucks” but you’ll be missing out on alot. Here’s a full explanation of EVERYTHING.


How To Play

Opponents Turn Grab I Did It Start Podrace.

Turn 1 Pull 2 Echo Sites (If you have 1 in your hand grab 1 site + EBG). Deploy an X-wing to DB if you have it. If not, play OA to grab 3 IF and ONLY IF, the opponent doesn’t have 4 force to monnock. Its ok to lose 2 but not 3 or 4.

Turn 2 Pull Last Echo Site + EBG (or EBO + other site if you got 1 in your hand). Deploy Zev or Hobbie to the corridor (should be fatherst in) if you have Corran or Figgie deploy them to the CC (should be 2nd in). Deploy EBO if possiable.

Turn 3 Deploy Zev/Hobbie and grab EBO if not grabbed yet (if it has grab Hoth System). Deploy EBO. Try to get 3 X-wings + Lando/h1 to Hoth, or 4 x-wings. You’ll want to try to signal up Incom now.

Turn 4 If all goes well, this may be the end of podrace. Retrieve all + deploy I did it. BE SURE TO SAVE FORCE.

Mid Game If you win the podrace (you should), and the opponent is NOT playing 5th marker start, go out to the 4th Marker and get Qui/Obi/Luke/Scrubs out there. If you want, Hobbie + Zev can shuttle up to the 2 other ships to pilot. You’ll want to deploy both Sullust + Hoth, grab Kiffex but do not deploy until later in the game if Imp Decree is not set up / you don’t have to. You’re going to try to hold the 4th marker all game (if taken, you can ice storm or nabrun to the podrace arena) To retrieve 1 a turn with I Did It Tracking will also allow you to retrieve another 1 a turn with Figgie. Ideally, Hoth should have 4 x-wings + H1 and Sullust 4 x-wings + Falcon. This will insure destiny + High power.

Late Game Use All Wings For A Mass Retrieval + Boonta Eve for 4 more. Its All Good.

Tech Stuff (WHY and WHY NOT)

WHY Luke, Scout? I originally used EPP. BUT, BHBM can abuse this deck, so send them up to the throne room for a ball. Also, Immunity is key to holding the one battle ground site. Also no Thinking with your stomach. AND if Walkers come down, cancel immunity )

WHY X-wing Swarm? Because All Wings + OA abuse it. Squass is too weak with heavy space and swarms can be abused. PLUS with the ammount of retrieval you do you can take a 4 x-wing monnock early game and retrieve it quickly with podracing/i did it

WHY Mains? Hold a Battleground site. Essential to keeping Menace Fades + I Did it Running.

WHY Corran? He’s deploy 4, Destiny 3, power +3 with bounty hunter/spy, can cancel Visage + Draw destiny alone, and stop u-3 and arica. WHY NOT?

WHY 4 A Steps and 2 Too Close? A Step will win you the podrace. I guarantee it. 4 of it insures getting at least 2 during the podrace. Too closes are for both the miss me with the saber stuff and vs HD Podracing

WHY Star Destroyer? Big Blue + a 7. It’s Good.

WHY Nabrun? Cause I want to be able to get to the Arena in the case of an emergency.

WHY Your Insight? #s. Nuff said. No #s, it’s a 5 that can pull honor or menace fades. You pick

WHY Sullust? You deploy +1 I deploy -1 that’s a 2 force deploy swing. I like it.

WHY NOT More Hyper Escape? Hyper Escape costs more and can be canceled with Tarkin’s Orders as opposed to Barrier, which can’t be cancelled (until Courscant)

WHY NOT Rebel Fleet? ALTER is HUGE. Got That? I have no SAC protection and don’t want to deploy, alter, lose it.

WHY NOT All Mains? Originally, it was the whole group of them, but there too much to deploy + not pullable. I added EBG + the 2 scrubs for a turn 3 setup.

WHY NOT Cut Podracing + Go Strait Out EBO? EBO Needs Retrieval now because of all the drain stoppers. Plus HD Racing is bad to play against without it.

Tech Stuff To Remember

Star Destroyer against Big Blue + Barrier if another comes down.

I Did it give you 1 more force a turn, so save for Figgie + Destiny.

X-wing Cannon Zuckuss/Dengar/Guri

Remember, When I Did It is in effect they won’t be saving force so use DTF to your advantage

Matchups

BHBM Give Them Luke. If they shaft, go to the CC and drain there. Send Luke to the Throne Room, try to outdrain.

Hunt Down Podracing #s Ok, so TT/Corran Visage, Win the Podrace, Deploy YISYW. Beatdown Vader with Qui/Obi/scrubs.

Court Barrier + Beat in space. I’d just assume take Court Damage + Retrieve it with I Did It Each turn and outdrain them. I’d personally not deploy Kiffex in this situation.

MKOS This is tough, I haven’t seen it, but if you do set up Menace as soon as possiable to stop Galid and try to avoid Resistance by Nabruning all your guys into the AC, which should be fun =).

TDIGW I dunno, I haven’t played it. Stick to the game plan, Menace, Retrieve, Drain. Barrier + try to beat them in a battle. It’ll be down to the wire with drains/retrieval so play your best.

YMSYL Ahh Landing. I’ve heard more BS about this deck than anything. Let me say a few things. They get 1 battleground, so they can’t set up RBO. They will set up Imp Decree, so why care if they cancel EBO? Oh Boy, deploy normal cost again. The only danger is getting the whole base blown up because that will hurt. Use your mains to beat up the AT-AT With LUKE SCOUT to cancel the immunity on the one with the cannon. Try to hold Hoth + Sullust and keep Kiffex in hand. You’ll also be able to win the podrace easily since most don’t play it and nabrun over to Tatooine to hold Menace + I Did It. DEPLOY HONOR

Thank You. Feel Free To D-Mail/Comment in the Reviews.

Jon ”Wow” Bragg

'