---
layout: post
author: Paul "Ultima 1" Merrian
title: 'Naboo Fighter EBO'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-08-30
description: ! 'Recently, I was looking at EBO decks and saw a great deal of EBO X-wing decks, and decided, why not try it with Naboo fighters.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (4)
Hoth Main Power Generators 
Hoth North Ridge 
The Signal
A New Secret Base 

Characters (21)
Captain Han Solo 
Captain Makador
Captain Panaka
Chewbacca, Protector 
General Carlist Rieekan 
Hobbie
Lando With Blaster Pistol 
Leia With Blaster Rifle 
Lieutenant Williams
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight 
Naboo Fighter Pilot x8
Padme
Obi-wan Kenobi, Padawan Learner 
Qui-Gon Jinn 

Effects (6)
Aim High
Bacta Tank
Echo Base Operations 
Ice Storm x2
Squadron Assignments

Interrupts (5)
The Signal x3
OOC/TT x2

Locations (7)
Chandrilla
Endor
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room) 
Hoth Echo Corridor 
Hoth Echo Docking Bay 
Kiffex
Naboo

Starships (12)
Home 1
Millennium Falcon 
Naboo Defense Fighter x8
Radiant VII
Red Squad 4

Weapons (5)
Luke’s Lightsaber 
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber 
Panaka’s Blaster
Qui-Gon Jinn’s Lightsaber 
X-wing Cannons

This is a simple EBO drop and drain with battle enhancement cards for if your opponent decides to come play on Hoth.  As soon as you find them, get your Jedi, Obi, and Panaka out to defend your Echo sites or attack your opponent’s sites.  You will typically want to deploy the effects in the following order unless you get them in your hand first (or pull EBO with ANSB)
	Squad. Assign.
	Aim High (first against Podracing)
	Bacta Tank
Get EBO set up by turn 2, if you get enough and the right type of characters early.  Squadron Assignments is most valuable for your supporting fighters, since you can’t use it for pulling NFPs or Naboo fighters, which is why so many of each are included.  If you can, get Home 1 out to Chandrilla in order to take advantage of the generation +2.  Basically drain when you can, battle when you have to and Ice Storm when you want to.  

Matchups
Senate  Not much you can do other than setting up as early as possible and drain as much as you can before they get set up, then hope for the best.  I haven’t been able to playtest against this deck type, but I think I can outpower it outside the senate, and just swallow the drain.
Watto Objective  Send Obi, Qui, and Luke to Tatooine after getting EBO set up, and take Watto out with sabers.
Space (TIEs, Big Blue)  Get the unique fighters out as soon as you can and start attacking your opponent’s ships.  If I’d had room, I would have included Dash and Outrider to hurt Big Blue, but you should be fine against it with Radiant holding down one system and the others at Kiffex and Endor, or wherever you can hurt your opponent.  Use Luke as the Radiant’s third pilot to add 3 more to its power.
Anything Ops  Set up EBO first, then send the beatdown crew to whatever planet your opponent is centering around.
TDIGWATT  Keep your opponent from setting up Dark Deal with the four strong guys, and use your auxiliary characters to set up EBO.
BHBM  Drop Luke at your opponent’s sites or at North Ridge to avoid Your Destiny damage.  Don’t leave yourself open to lose battles.
HD  Take out Visage as soon as you can.  Be very careful with your mains, since every one of your lightsaber characters can be dueled.  Try to isolate and attack Maul, Vader, and Mara.  If you can, try to OOC them once they are in the lost pile to keep them gone.
'

Strategy: '

This is a simple EBO drop and drain with battle enhancement cards for if your opponent decides to come play on Hoth.  As soon as you find them, get your Jedi, Obi, and Panaka out to defend your Echo sites or attack your opponent’s sites.  You will typically want to deploy the effects in the following order unless you get them in your hand first (or pull EBO with ANSB)
	Squad. Assign.
	Aim High (first against Podracing)
	Bacta Tank
Get EBO set up by turn 2, if you get enough and the right type of characters early.  Squadron Assignments is most valuable for your supporting fighters, since you can’t use it for pulling NFPs or Naboo fighters, which is why so many of each are included.  If you can, get Home 1 out to Chandrilla in order to take advantage of the generation +2.  Basically drain when you can, battle when you have to and Ice Storm when you want to.  

Matchups
Senate  Not much you can do other than setting up as early as possible and drain as much as you can before they get set up, then hope for the best.  I haven’t been able to playtest against this deck type, but I think I can outpower it outside the senate, and just swallow the drain.
Watto Objective  Send Obi, Qui, and Luke to Tatooine after getting EBO set up, and take Watto out with sabers.
Space (TIEs, Big Blue)  Get the unique fighters out as soon as you can and start attacking your opponent’s ships.  If I’d had room, I would have included Dash and Outrider to hurt Big Blue, but you should be fine against it with Radiant holding down one system and the others at Kiffex and Endor, or wherever you can hurt your opponent.  Use Luke as the Radiant’s third pilot to add 3 more to its power.
Anything Ops  Set up EBO first, then send the beatdown crew to whatever planet your opponent is centering around.
TDIGWATT  Keep your opponent from setting up Dark Deal with the four strong guys, and use your auxiliary characters to set up EBO.
BHBM  Drop Luke at your opponent’s sites or at North Ridge to avoid Your Destiny damage.  Don’t leave yourself open to lose battles.
HD  Take out Visage as soon as you can.  Be very careful with your mains, since every one of your lightsaber characters can be dueled.  Try to isolate and attack Maul, Vader, and Mara.  If you can, try to OOC them once they are in the lost pile to keep them gone.
'