---
author: Chris "Christo" Cicconi
title: 'MWYHL Mains'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-16
description: 'Mains...retrieval... Yoda... what else do ya need?'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting: (6)
MWYHL/SYIC
Dagobah
Heading for the Frigate
Do or Do Not/Wise Advice
Insurrection
Insight Serves Ya Well

Locations: (4)
Home One: DB
Endor: Platform
Dag: Yoda’s Beach House
CC:DB

Characters: (14)
Luke w/Saber x3
Qui-Gon Jinn
Obi-Wan Kenobi x2
Lando w/Blaster
Leia w/Blaster x2
Cappy Han x2
Yoda
Corran Horn
Chewie w/Blaster

Starships: (2)
Falcon x2

Interrupts: (26)
Fallen Portal x3
Narrow Escape x2
Off the Edge
On the Edge x3
Fall of the Legend x2
A Few Manuevers
A Jedi’s Resilience
Gift of the Mentor x2
Out Of Comish x2
OOC/TT
I Know x2
Sorry Bout the Mess Combo
The Signal
Rebel Barrier x2
Don’t Get @#$%y
Surprise Assualt

Effects: (7)
Goo Nee Tay
What You Pushin? x2
Battle Plan
Draw Their Fire
Order to Engage
Honor of the Jedi

Weapons: (1)
Obi Wan’s Wacker







Strategy: 

*NOTE2* DoDN/WA is for the immidiate effects!!!!
*NOTE* I was gonna test to 1 but I got lazy and for the extra card space I can throw in other characters, there was again always the problem of getting the guy off of Dagobah, so I decided against it, if you have a strong argument for it, maybe I’ll put it in.

First thing I’m gonna mention, I’d like to put in 2 Obi With Saber’s instead of the Obi Wan’s and  saber, so no complaints please! Also when I get another one I’ll replace a On the Edge with an Off the Edge. Another thing, I’m doing the best with what I’ve got, yeah I’d rather put in 3 Jedi Luke’s but I don’t got them so take a pill, I’d also like to put in Staging Areas, for the activation, but I’m not sure, so a a few comments on that would be great thanks!!!!

How to start: Grab Yoda, drop him to his hut, and start with the docking bays.
I never know what to write in these things, so I’m gonna start with why I put some cards in here.

-Fall of the Legend: No I have no Weather Vanes, anybody thinking that’s what they’re there for deserves to be shot! Thank you! So you know recycle draw big retrieval, the whole deal.

-A Few Manuevers: Recycle another 6, but I have actually used it to get the Super Falcon from my Dagobah to Coruscant! So who knows maybe some day I’ll acutally find a Weather Vane in my deck....not bloody likely but who knows!

-A Jedi’s Res: Duel protection, take a guy with saber back into hand instead of lost, and it’s a 6, the only thing I can ask for more is a used interrupt, but I guess this will do!

-Gift of the Mentor: Go get Obi’s saber, if Obi and Luke are at the same site all the better.

-Out of Commision: Used 5, can get ride of pesky Vader’s, Mara’s, Palpy’s and anything else the opponent has lots of, another cool thing you don’t need an RD to play it, the opponent needs a lost pile (us quebecers know that all to well) so you can activate your whole RD use some, then OOC, then recycle, then you get a 5 on top.

-Don’t get @#$%y: You’re playing a Talon Roll deck, tierd of Black 2,3,4 raping you? Gte them in a battle! They get a quick trip to the lost pile. If I can’t find the Falcon, I can drop Han and Luke together, get a couple extra destinies, have Leia there, play I know and 5 cards get you 6 destinies, hard to acomplish but I think you’ll clear the site with ease!

Well around here there isn’t that many different decks I’ve played against, so I’ll do the best I can with this section.

vs. Agents: Wow I play this deck way to often, try to keep Luke around at a Docking Bay, with Han or Obi and a destiny adder or a Rebel Barrier, Narrow Escape or Fallen Portal, trick is to hit hard and run.

vs. Hunt Down: Same as above, drop Obi and Jinn and try to keep them all seperated, so the Dark Side can’t hit them all at once, with it’s small cast of characters they’ll have a hard time.

vs. TIE’s: Alright to be honest, I’ve never played them, try to keep Falcon in space, and play Battle Plan, keep control of the ground at all costs.

vs. BHBM: Don’t let him win battles, duh I know it’s easier said then done, keep a barrier, Narrow Escape and Fallen Portal handy, Insight makes Jedi’s Def Value -1 so hit then with the Portal, even if they capture Luke you can get him back.

vs.Scum: :P Still don’t know why anybody would play that deck, so just do whatever it takes.

vs. Court: Losing one a turn’s no fun, don’t let them capture you, don’t even give them a chance to initiate a battle unless you have a hell of a fighting chance, try to never use narrow escape, barriers are key, but if you get ambushed, try to drop the portal to keep loses to a minimum, if the opponent doesn’t get a destiny he doesn’t get a chance to capture you using stuff like All Wrapped Up.

Yeah I probably missed a couple of decks or something, so sorry, but rate the deck not the strat! Thanks!!!

-Surprise Assault: Good destinies will teach the opponent to drain with cheap characters!

-Battle Plan: Opponent have no space? Have the Falcon sitting around for nothing? Drop this and make your opponent pay for drains, same the other way around, even if the opponent has little life force left, and you can pay the drains, play it anyway, the other guy can’t afford all his drains and deploy so you save some.





