---
layout: post
author: Ryan "Dooger511" Fugett
title: 'Dooger*s Rops v2.0'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-31
description: 'My revision of my old deck. Works much better and is a fun deck.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting: (5)
Ralltiir Operations/In The Hands Of The Empire
Ralltiir
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
*3rd affect varies*

Locations: (8)
Kuat
Wakeelmui
Kashyyyk
Death Star 2: Docking Bay
Desert
Forest
Jungle
Spaceport Docking Bay

Characters: (15)
Emperor Palpatine
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Darth Vader
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Mara Jade, The Emperor*s Hand
Janus Greejatus
Grand Moff Tarkin
Captain Sarkli
Admiral Ozzel
Lieutenant Arnet
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
AT-ST Pilot x3

Vehicles: (5)
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 5

Starships: (6)
Executor
Chimaera
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Bossk In Hound*s Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Dengar In Punishing One

Effects: (6)
Battle Order
Secret Plans
Imperial Decree
Oppressive Enforcement
Search And Destroy
Bad Feeling Have I

Interupts: (13)
Masterful Move
The Circle Is Now Complete
Twi*lek Advisor
Imperial Barrier
You Are Beaten
Monnok
Ghhhk
Control & Set For Stun
Sense
Alter x2
Trample x2

Weapons: (2)
Vader*s Lightsaber
Mara Jade*s Lightsaber



Strategy: 

This deck pretty much runs itself, if you play it smart you insured a win. Ounee Ta does suck but every time I have played against it, it has never done anything I couldn*t handle. 

Strategy is pretty simple, set up Rops and go kill. Pull your sites and Pilots as need be and flip your objective. If an opponent comes down early and holds a site, you have 4 Ralltiir sites so you don*t have to clean you opponent off Ralltiir. Control 3 and occupy the 4th and your good to go. This deck plays itself and all you have to do is make the right moves. I will give you a basic run down on how I play it.

Early Game:
Check your hand, see if you have Kuat or Wakeelmui, if you have both pull Executor, if you have Wakeelmui pull Kuat, if you have Kuat pull Wakeelmui, if you have neither Kuat, Wakeelmui, or Executor, pull Wakeelmui. Activate and deploy any sites you got in you opening hand. Pull DS2 docking bay and a <> site and deploy them. You can drop a scruba at DS2 for the extra acto if your not afraid of any spies. Then pull your sites and pilots as necesary. Remember you can pull a <> site and Spaceport Docking Bay on the same turn. I usually flip Rops 2nd or 3rd turn. It usually never goes past that.

Mid Game:
Make sure Ralltiir is secure and then go to space and kill your opponent or hit them with heavy drains at Kashyyyk. Send out Vader and company to kill any threats your opponent has. Set up Search and Destroy after killing any characters they have on table to do some extra damage.

Late Game:
Hold your opponent off from doing anything. Don*t let them drain in space or on the ground. All you have to do is sit back and win without making any stupid mistakes. If your opponent trys to get in a last minute battle to do some battle damage, cards like Bad Feeling Have I, Trample, Imperial Barrier, The Circle Is Now Complete, and Ghhhk will ensure nothing bad happens. :-)

This deck has a great change against the best decks. Ounee Ta does shut this deck down, but like I said, it has never done anything this deck couldn*t handle. Try this deck out, I*m sure you will enjoy it. Works great and is fun to play with.

Cards:
Kuat and Wakeelmui - 2 great systems, they work great together.
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba - Doesn*t help flip Rops but is a great card.
The Circle Is Now Complete - Gets rid of Obi-Wan permanently if your smart.
Dengar In Punishing One - Makes killing Home One a lot easier.
Bad Feeling Have I - Helps to fortify Ralltiir.
Captain Sarkli - A great guy and a good pilot.
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle - Makes killing those Jedi a lot easier.
Control & Set For Stun - Cancels a huge drain.

Thanks for reading.

Ryan
