---
layout: post
author: Mike "Mikey P" Panayotou
title: 'Mikes BHBM v 2.0'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-04
description: ! 'By popular demand, the return of this BHBM deck.  A hybrid of BHBM and Big Blue.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)

BHBM
DII Throne Room
Insignificant Rebellion
Your Destiny
Prepared Defenses
IAO
Mobilization Points
Battle Order

Locations (6)

Endor Landing Platform
DII DB
Carida
Endor
Sullust
Kessel

Characters (20)

Emperor Palpatine
Lord Vader x2
DV, DLOTS x2
Mara Jade
Grand Moff Tarkin
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Commander Igar
General Veers
Admiral Piett
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral Chiraneu
Commander Merrejk
Captain Godherdt
Officer Evax
Captain Sarkli
Dr. E
Iggy w/Riot Gun

Effect (1)

Secret Plans

Blue (8)

Flagship Executer
Chimaera
Devastator
Avenger
Thunderflare
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Weapons (2)

Vader&#8217;s Saber
Mara&#8217;s Saber

Interrupts (13)

Sense x6
Alter
Imperial Command x4
Force Lightning x2

Admiral&#8217;s Order (2)

We&#8217;re in Attack Position Now x2
'

Strategy: '

Original idea came from Travis Dessel, but I have now tweaked it for the way I play.

Strategy

Early Game  Start IAO, Mobilization Pts. And Battle Order (if you expect heavy retrieval, start Secret Plans).  Before you activate, pull Carida (in most cases).  Activate, pull D*II DB and pull Palpy w/Force Lightning and drop him there.  Next step is to search for Piett with an Imperial Command, while building up guys at the D*II DB.  When you feel your squad can handle Rebel scum, move to Endor DB.

Mid Game After finding Piett, you&#8217;ll want to find a Star Destroyer.	If Carida or another system was in your opening hand, pull Executer instead.  If Kessel, Sullust or Endor are on the table, put Piett on board and pull Merrejk.  If you have both guys in your hand, pull and Admiral&#8217;s Order.  If the only system on the table is Carida, drop Piett at the Endor DB and pull Merrejk, who in turn pulls the Endor System.	Drop the SD and move both guys up.  Continue to build up space power, remembering that Piett, Ozzel and Kessel all subtract 1 from the deploy of Capital Ships.  Chiraneu is king because he adds to drains and allows you to play Command to add/limit opponents destiny.

End Game Continue to drain.  Your space power should handle most decks very easily.  Lateral Damage and annoying ships.  Win battles.	Use the Admiral&#8217;s Order to force a loss of one force by Veers or Igar.

Now specific decks . . .

TIGIH Until Lukey, Rebel Scout comes out, this strategy has no hope against this deck.  Just beware of Lost in the Wilderness.

Profit Battle Order hurts very badly.	Start Mara and Dr. E against them in the chamber.  If they flip, no problem.  Just drain and invade if necessary.

AITC Chadra-fans.  Battle Order is huge.  If they play Arconas (who are each piles, as Jonny Chu would say), sense their reacts and slap slap slap the Arcona.

Hidden Base flip Probe.  What can I say?  I haven&#8217;t seen many Hidden flip in a while.

Hidden non-flip (or any M+T)  Watch out for main beatdown squads.  Make sure you are ready to sense the crap they will throw at you (Portals, Weapon Lev. TFISWTO, etc.)

EBO Work fast.  A solid EBO deck is probably one of the best Light decks out there now.

Well, there it is.  Hope you enjoy it and please take the time to rate it.  Thanks.


'