---
layout: post
author: ! Max "pip" Postman
title: ! "EBO with 7’s every time"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-22
description: ! "Essentially Classic EBO, modified slightly. I use more space than ground, and dont use any non-unique starships. Also, I use the Oh, I drew a 7 again? strategy that I first saw in a deck by snoopy."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting Locations (2) 
Hoth MPG 
Hoth North Ridge 

Starting (2) 
The Signal
A New Secret Base 

Characters (14) 
EPP Han
EPP Luke 
EPP Leia 
ASP-707 droid x4 
General Madine 
Corran Horn 
Chewie with Blaster Rifle
Tyco Celchu 
Obi Wan Kenobi 
Dash Rendar 
WED-9-M1 "Bantha Droid" 

Weapons/Devices (6) 
Intruder Missile x4 
Portable Scanner x2 

Locations (8) 
Hoth 
Endor
Aquaris
Kiffix
Yavin 4 
Hoth Echo Command Center 
Hoth Corridor 
Hoth Echo Docking Bay x3 

Ships (13) 
Tala 1 
Tala 2 
Home One 
Falcon 
Outrider 
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Red Squadron X-Wing x3
Blue Squadron B-Wing x3

Effects (5) 
Echo Base Operations
Ice Storm x3

Interrupts (9) 
On the Edge x3
Surprise Assault x5 
Lost in the Wilderness
Punch It x2
'

Strategy: '

EDIT Forget the x3 docking bays, they were a typo or something, it should be only one. I didn’t count the x3 towards the total number of cards, so just pretend that they are not there. But of course, that wont make them go away, or so says Dr. Laura, who for what it’s worth has the IQ of a jar of creamy peanut butter. 

Since if your looking at this you’ve probably seen the strategy for EBO a billion times, I wont go over basic EBO stuff. Instead, I’ll explain how this deck varies from classic EBO and how to use those variations.

First, the starships. Most EBO’s use one of two approaches 

The minimalist approach with 5 of 6 very powerful starships (falcon, home one, artoo in red 5, etc) and nothing else. I dont find this satisfying, as although the card economy is good, I just dont find it to be enough ships to fight off a full-fledged, or even half-fledged DS star destroyer, bounty hunter, or tie deck. 

The second approach is X-wing/A-wing/etc swarm. This is often very effective, but I decided against using this approach for two reaons
1. Too many cards. To get a decent amount of power, a swarm deck has to have a pretty large amount of cards on table, and every card on table is one less in your differential.
2. Monnonk vulnerabillity. Even if you use Yarna, all it takes is a small miscalculation in hand size and an astute and/or lucky opponet, and your SOL.

I feel that the approach utilized in this deck is a good compromise. Unless you get VERY unlucky in your card drawing and end up with 3 red squadron/blue squadrons’s, your virtually immune to monnok. More importantly, you have a potential for a large amount of power without over-deployment.

Now, to explain the primary deviation from EBO the ASP droid’s and missles. Allow me to explain. The ASP droid’s game text allows you to take on weapon or device present at same site and place it on top of your reserve deck. This allows you to get a 7 every time you want one, and I will explain these steps below

1. Get the DB down with ANSB
2. Deploy one of the Tala’s UNPILOTED at the DB.
3. Deploy an ASP droid at the docking bay NOT in the ship. Decipher has ruled that it cant take a weapon from a ship it’s on and put it on the reserve deck.
4. Deploy a Portable Scanner on Luke, Chewie, Han, or any other rebel. 
5. Use the scanner to search through your reserve deck and get an intruder missle.
6. Deploy the intruder on the unpiloted Tala at the docking bay.
7. Next turn, use the ASP’s game text to put the intruder missle on your reserve deck.

You should deploy as many ASP’s and Intruder Missle’s as you can get in your hand, as each ASP can only put one weapon on to your deck each turn, and you can put as many missles as you want on the docked Tala.

Now, the fun begins. You can use those beautiful 7’s on one of 3 things
1. Battles
Pretty self-explanatory. Put one on the top of your deck whenever theres a possibility of a battle the next turn. Who needs ”Star Destroyer”?

2. On the Edge
When your SURE you’ve got a 7 on the top of your deck, target any one of your abillity >2 guys and say you want to retrieve six force. Bingo, six guranteed force retrieved. Remember, On the Edge is a lost interupt, so be sure to put it on top of your lost pile before retrieving, so you can get it back into your life force and use it again.

3. Surprise Assault
This is the truley beautiful function of this deck, and if you can get 4 7’s on your deck it can practically win you the game. Surprise assault allows you to cancel a force drain, and draw one destiny for each charachter, starship, and vehicle. Let me give you an example. Suppose your opponet is using an EndorOps deck. They’ve assumed that your typical EBO, and that you will keep your mains on Echo to keep EBO in play. They’re expecting a drain war, so they’ve spread their troopers on bikes out to get the maximum drain. At the back door, they’ve got two bikers and two bikes. They declare a force drain. WHAM Surprise Assault. You draw 4 7’s (two for the two troopers, two for the two bikes) compared to their power of 6. You have 28, they’ve got 6, they lose 22 force.

Now, while this is a pretty extreme example, and you will rarely get an opportunity this pefect, you get the idea. The best part is not only will they lose a crippling amount of force, but, as they say, ”once bitten, twice shy.” Anyone who’s ever played against a Surprise Assault/Counter Assault deck knows how much it messes with your head in terms of force draining.

Well, there you have it. I tailored this deck around my one somewhat limited card collection, so please dont mark it down just because a few of the charachter and starship choices arent the strongest. Oh, and by the way I did not come up with the ”Portable Scanner/ASP/Intruder Missle” strategy, as far as I know that was originiated by ”snoopy” but he may not have been the first to use it. 

If you have any questions, feel free to e-mail me at picklegodess@hotmail.com  '