---
author: Caleb "whydoisuck" Foth
title: 'RTP the way it was meant to be played'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-08-27
description: 'This deck is evil.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting (11)
Rescue the Princess
Yavin 4: War Room
Yavin 4: Docking Bay
Death Star: Docking Bay 327
Death Star: Detention Block Corridor
Leia Organa
Podrace Prep
Tatooine: Podrace Arena
Anakin’s Podracer
Boonta Eve Podrace
Echo Base Garrison

Characters(7)
Elom x2
8d8 x2
Artoo x2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight

Epic Events(1)
I did It!

Effects (17)
Never Tell Me the Odds x3
Anger, Fear, Aggression x3
Rycar Ryjerd x2
Plastoid Armor x3
Undercover x3
Hopping Mad
Don’t Do That Again
Battle Plan

Interrupts (24)
We Wish to Board at Once x3
A Step Backwards x3
As Good As Gone x2
It’s a Trap x2
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes x2
Lost In the Wilderness x2
Swing and a Miss x2
Double Agent x2
I’m Here To Rescue You x2
Droid Shutdown x3
Inconsequential Barriers



Strategy: 

UPDATE:  I was thinking last night and a better choice than the 2 As Good as Gones, 2 Rycar Ryjerds, and the 2 I’m Here to Rescue You and put in Wise Advise, There is No Try(use both cards for higher destiny) 2 more Inconsequential Barriers and probably 2 Obiwanw/stick(or Quigon w/stick if you’ve got him).  Then try to take out something for a Resilence or 2.  If you want to you can switch leia out for P2187 but the gimmick of the deck was the flip without being able to flip back.  
This deck is a meta choice.  If big blue space isn’t popular in your area, play this deck.  If BHBM is popular in your area, then put in another Droid Shutdown. Once you pull I did it, your average destiny is 4.6.
Card Choices:
Elom-destiny 4, make themselves spies to free their beauty queen
Swing and a Miss-cancels Dark Strike(props to Mark Fessler) and Focused Attack
It’s a Trap-Cancels Sniper and Blasted Droid
As Good as Gone and Rycar Ryjerd-the only time the princess is on the table is when she’s a captive(props to James Barrett)
Lost in the Wilderness-Vader draining at a site alone, tell him to take a walk in the park

Against Huntdown(podracing) win the race, free Leia let them Duel Luke, cancel Focused with Swing and a Miss.  Laugh at them. Tell them you will spit on their grave.

Against Senate watch your hand size carfully,  pop numbers and AFA often.  Play smart.  If you want to near the end of the game remember that Leia is Politics 2 and adds a battle destiny.  Win the Podrace.

Against DSII, Endor Ops and Maul Mains play your game pop numbers and AFA.  Against speed deal start Battle plan instead of Echo Base Garrison.  Pop inserts.  

This deck is versatile even against space.  Throw in a We’re Doomed or 2.  Againsts Monkey Ties throw in a few Surprise Assaults.  Heck, A Vergence in the Force would also help against space and Senate.
Try this deck out it ain’t your mama’s RTP.  