---
layout: post
author: ! Tom "Gand" Culpepper
title: ! "Blue Harvest"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-23
description: ! 'My version of a Hidden Mains harvest deck...  this one is just packed.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start(7)
HB
Indicator
Rondezvous Point
Staging Areas
Insurrection
Strike Planning
Heading For The Medical Frigate

Locations(9)
Dagobah
Yoda’s Hut
Tatooine
Lars Moisture Farm
Cantina
Docking Bay 94
Alderan
Home One DB

Characters (19)
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x2
Owen & Beru Lars x3
Ben Kenobi x2
Lando w/ Vibro Axe 
EPP Han 
EPP Leia 
Chewbacca, Protector
Orrimaarko
General Crix Madine
Geezum
Yoda
General Calrisian
Corran Horn
Wedge Antillies, Red Squadron Leader
Yoxgit
Admiral Ackbar
WED Bantha Droid

Starships (3)
Home One x2
Gold Squadron 1

Weapons/Devices (3)
Luke’s Backpack
Luke’s Lightsaber
Obi’s Lightsaber

Effects (5)
Tatooine Celebration
Wise Advice/Do Or Do Not
Our Most Desperate Hour x2
Menace Fades

Interupts (13)
Harvest x3
OOC/TT x2
Weapon Lev 
The Signal x2 
Run Luke Run
Glancing Blow
Courage of a Skywalker
Fallen Portal '

Strategy: '

*responses to revievs*
-- Why DSII Wedge?
DSII wedge works well with Corran or Luke to cancel a destiny.  He is good for ground or space and the secondary function is just so cool.

-- 3 Harvests are plenty, not all the retrieval is meant to not be able to all be handeled at once, and by harvesting in activation phase, Tatooine celebration retrieves the Harvest every time.

--I am not intending on OMHD for 20 at a time...  so many methods there is little need for overkill.

*End responses*

---title is a little trivia tidbit, see if you can guess what the reference source is---


*not Wise Advice/DODN may substitute for Staging Areas if you are worried about SAC at all*

I have tested this deck a bit, and I really like how it works.  The setup is simple hidden mains...  First turn pull Dagobah, Yoda’s Hut and Home One DB, General Crix and General Calrisian if you need some space worthy protection.  This is where my little bit of fun comes in.  Drop Crix and pull Geezum, put Geezum at the Tatooine DB with some protection and use him to pull the Farm and Cantina.  Now your drain sites are out and Alderan and Tatooine should also be deployed.  Start dropping characters to control your sites and begin the retrieval cycle using Tatooine Celebration, Harvest, Yoxgit and OMDH.  The destiny in this deck is average but not just wonderfully high (like it is in Mo Murder) the retrieval engine in this deck is crazy and the drain potential ain’t that either.

Mainly a reactionary deck, but I will post more strategy on it as I playtest it a bit more.  I think it is capible of competeting with most any deck out there.  Let me know what you think.

Gand   '