---
layout: post
author: ! Quirin "el-diablo" Fuergut
title: ! 'MKOS-swarm (retirement version)'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-05-16
description: ! 'This deck will probably see its last tourny on 5/19/01 after that its history.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective(1)
MKOS/FAI

Starting(7)
Desert Heart
Tat. Jabba´s Palace
Well Guarded
Prepared Defenses
Secret Plans
Power of The Hutt
No Bargain

Characters(24)
Jabba
Mighty Jabba
Prince Xizor
Guri
Boelo
Bib Fortuna
Ephant Mon
Gailid
Myo x3
Mercenary Pilot
Abyssin x12

Blue(5)
Sail Barge
Zuckass in Misthunter
Bossk in Bus
Stinger
Virago

Interrupts(11)
Abyssin Ornament x2
None Shall Pass x2
Imperial Barrier
Masta Move
Monnok
Ghhk
Control/Set For Stun
Point Man
Stunning Leada (jap.)

Effects(9)
Scum and Villainy x2
Grabber x2
TINT/OE
First Strike
Hutt Influence
Den Of Thieves
Blast Door Controls

Locations(3)
Sail Barge Passenger Site
JP. Audience Chamber
JP. Lower Passages


'

Strategy: '

add S&D and take out one Abyssin
--------------------------------------------------
So here´s the final version of my MKOS-deck.I have included all that I need to defeat the current popular decktypes, but nothing to specific like I Had No Choice, cause not everybody in my area plays WYS.
The strategy is not that difficult
First turns set your locations up and try to get little Jabba to Audience Chamber toh´gether with Elephantand Boelo together with Bib to Lower Passages.Start draining with Gailid and if he comes to knock you from the palace either use None Shall Pass or Barrier to save your ass.If you are able to flip and he comes to palace with all his gays then play Stunning Leada and little Chewie or somebody else is history(or somebody else).

Cards I want to add

second Bib - if he gets killed it´s easier to get a second one on table than retrieving him drawing him up and redeploying.

econd Guri - you know why cause she is the best @#$%ing droid ever made.

IG-88 in ship - for total space dominance.

T´wilek - for getting interrupts.

Card choices

Secret Plans - always start against WYS or MWYHL otherwise for example against any type of Mains start TINT/OE.Don´t start First Strike or something like that cause Light Sac is still out there.In my experience Secret Plans together with grabbers is the best way to shut down Retrieval.
But if he plays Fallen Portal then grab it cause it is one of your worst enemies.Against WYS I wouldn´t fear FP to much cause more than half of the locations on table won´t work with it.

Abyssins - Sure Skrillings have better destinies but first of all I have not that much of those stupid idiots and also do I like the one-eyes better.Forfeit into Used Pile is huge, especially in space for foreit fodder.Myo is also easy to recycle when you do suicide attacks against your opponents.

Interrupts - the interrupts are the ones you should always use in a scum deck.Playing against Profit is fun cause I see no way to get Han out of the chamber.He can Play someone who Loves you but Bib prevents him from getting out so he will get pounded.Point cancels so much things that hurt scum it isn´t even funny, especially this annoying OTE.The MM/Monnok/Ghhk/control cards are the best in the game, they should be in every deck.Control/Set For Stun is my favorite card because bringing Dash or Han to hand is so huge in this deck cause Zuckass will kill his destinies after that.Stunning Leada is often the game breaker as mentioned above.But before laying down a big smackdown with it at the cantina or somewhere else, use Monnok to check opponents interrupts.If there´s nothing of interest then your little aliens will kill those annoying smugglers.
The last interrupt is Abyssin Ornament which is mainly for recycling, retrieving and tracking.

The other character and effect choices are mainly self explaining.If you have any more questions about them then just d-mail me.

Matchups

WYS - I have tested this deck very often against 
this stupid decktype (I never played WYS in any serious way) and almost always beaten it.I wasn´t playtesting against the Lewis variant cause nobody in my area has more than 2 or 3 of those f.ucking Palace Raiders.Your space together with a flipped objective should take out most of his ships but watch out for cannons.I dunno what to do against the beatdown variant but if this is popular in your are add one Monnok and Monnok as often as possible cause most of the guys that are not as good as Mister Falke will draw more than 12 cards up cause they won´t get what they want.The other strategy I would use is beat´em down before they can do.Those decks will be light on characters and no Patrol Crafts floating around will make a beatdown easier for you.Should be one of the toughest matchups but this game is all about skill and if you got it ou should win.(But not if your opponent got more skill)

Hidden Mains - well playing this light deck for a while, the biggest advantage of this matchup is probably that he has to to battle you to win the game.His drains won´t be to huge so battle is the key in this game.Once again if he comes to the palace then Stunning Leada him to death(ever seen a Hidden mains deck using Houjix, me not).Space will be a easy if there´s only the super Falcon so Guri and Zuckuss should wreck him, but be sure to use one or two Ayssins for forfeit fodder since a tracked 6 can ruin your plans.Once you have the the upper hand in space, use Battle Plan against him and suspend Menace Fades so Gailid drains will kill him easily.
On ground wait for him to come inside the palace so you can beat him up.Myo used with objective will also help you to win by cancelling a key battle destiny.
Also use Sail Barge to drain at the Desert Heart where he won´t follow you.

Hidden Base flip - This deck seems to get popular in the last time but MKOS is almost always an auto-win against cause with your retrieval, force drain cancellers and Hutt Influence should be a not that hard.Again use Sail Barge to drain at Desert Heart so Undercovers won´t follow you or they will get stuck there.
If this type is more popular in your are than add 2 Defensive Fire/Hutt Smooch (sp?).S&D and your suicide fighters should also help.

EBO - same as HBf but faster.The Deadbolt version should be not that hard with his cancelled drains.The swarm version should be harder but still able to win.You won´t get a big differential but you should be able to edge him out.

This deck is maily build to beat ground decks so the other decks should be similar.I posted this deck cause I need some advice cause I want to play it on a tourny and it shouldn´t lose all games.I don´t care about the ratings but about the feedback.If you like to you can also d-mail me and write me what I could use instead of this crap (perhaps AOBS)???

Hope you enjoyed.

 el-diablo '