---
layout: post
author: Charlie "Bad Player" Herren
title: 'Meals on Wheels (Coming to a Town Near You)'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-07
description: ! 'The dark deck that Ive been toying with since the end of RCon.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'SYCFA
Death Star
DS DB
Alderaan
Tat Podrace arena
boonta eve podrace
Sebulba’s pod
Start Your Engines
Watto’s Box
9

Death Star DB x2
Death Star War Room
Death Star Conf Room
imperial holotable
5

Brangus Glee x3
EPP Vader x3
IG with gun
Darth Maul
Emperor Palpy x2
U3PO
Arica
12

Bossk in bus
Zuckuss in boat
2

Visage of the Emperor
Battle Order
Reactor Terminal
First Strike
No Escape
Secret Plans
CHYBC
Blast Door Controls
8

SHUOSHD
Masterful Move x4
Twilek Advisor x2
Podracer Collision x4 
Ommni Box/It’s Worse
Pit Crews
Control/Set for Stun
Counter Assault
PASOA x3
Holonet Transmission
Monnok
This is Some Rescue x2 
Force Lightning
I Have You Now
24 '

Strategy: '

Update #1 I don’t give a @#$%. Thank you. I didn’t communicate with Bastian or Hawkins on this deck, hence the differences between my deck and the general build they use. 

------

I’m sure that enough people already know about this deck to go ahead and post it.. 

There isn’t really much in terms of specific strategies with the deck.. you just sorta have to play it and practice with it. 
First couple of turns, draw your race destinies, pull your Death Star sites with SYCFA, and draw some.. The race is usually over on turn 3-5, possibly more if opponent provides disruption.
Early Visage at the conference room is huge, since many people don’t really expect visage from a non-huntdown deck. Holotable drain is nice as well, so use Visage where you see fit.
SHUOSHD is in to counter Bacta Tank and HDWGITM, which are huge. Hit-and-fade EPP Vader with high destinies can clear sites, and with Brangus, you’ll never stop the barrage. OOC can be a big problem, hence the Holonet with Masterful Move x4 -and- This is Some Rescue x2.

Also, if you have nothing better to do with your DBs, you can pitch them to Visage and keep yourself from losing cards (along with PASOA every turn). 

Average destiny minus starting cards and locations that can be pulled is over 4.  

vs. RST podracing
I built this deck primarily to counteract the ”boomrace” deck. Monnok can be huge here, since this deck needs to get lots of cards together to blow up the bunker. Recurring EPP Vaders ensure that the bunker doesn’t get blown up very easily. 

vs. WYS or QMC
Recurring Vader with First Strike, potential for Set for Stun recurrance, plus the general lack of spies means that this matchup is in your favor. Be careful of evasion interrupts.

vs. space
Draw for your two ships and use Brangus to keep them in your hand or on the table. EPP Vader/Maul/IG, etc. can clear site(s) for Battle Order. 

Basically, just play your game. The deck has quick damage, retrieval, and disruption. 
Have fun with it while you can,
Later,
Charlie Herren
'