---
layout: post
author: bryce "khabarakh" leen
title: 'Those Annoying little craps'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-24
description: 'This deck uses spies to stop the opponents drains and then space to control every place on the table.'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

Starting

Bothawui
The Signal
Squadron Assignments

Locations

Rendezvous Point
Kessel
Dagobah:Yoda’s Hut
Home One:Docking Bay

Characters

Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x2
Daughter Of Skywalker
Orrimaarko
Captain Han Solo
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk
Lando With Vibro Axe
Dash Rendar
Wegde Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Tycho Celchu
Green Leader
Artoo x2
Bothan Spy x4 

Starships

Home One
Independence
Tantive IV
Spiral
Millennium Faclon
Outrider
Red Squadron 1
Green Squadron 1
Green Squardon 3

Interrupts

Undercover x4
The Signal x3
A Few Maneuvers x2
Rebel Barrier x2
Alter & Friendly Fire x2
Sense & Recoil In Fear x2
Houjix & Out Of Nowhere x2
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes x2
Head Back To The Surface x2
Control & Tunnel Vision

Effects

Honor Of the Jedi
Docking and Repair Facilities
What’re Your Tryin’ Push On Us?
A Gift

Admirals Order

Combined Fleet Action


Strategy: 

This deck may not look like much but it works extremely well against everytype of deck. its a shut down of hunt down. (sorry about the pun)

I originally Thought uo this deck trying to counter Huntdown. Huntdown to me is @#$%, i hate it. this deck stops ther drains at their crappy docking bays and lets you get a good old drain happening up in the sky.

1st Turn

Put down any effects you got, use any The Signals or Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes. then if they put down a character 1st turn then put down a spy and an undercover. easy. also deploy any locations.

2nd Turn they didnt drain and your half set. just put down the spies, move the spies and everything will be peachy.

Destinies.

0-5
1-11
2-8
3-12
4-6
5-13
6-7
7-0

Yes ther are 62 destinies cos of Artoo x2 and his 1 or 6 destiny.


Vs Huntdown 
Put down Spies, stop the drain. and then drain them for a lowly 4 force until they loose. if they put down all of the half decent characters you expect they may have then deploy a lando with axe to an Executor site with a Chewie and a orrimaarko and drain them for force on the executer too.

Vs Court/MKOS

Put out the Artoo a Gift Combo and screw there drains. Also use the spies to stop the other drain of 1 or 2. they wont have hefty space so go beat em up ahrd. if they loose Bossk In Bus there goes their only capital making all of their ships power -2. use you force to take a tatooine site and keep it for yourself. if they play hut smooch dont foret that Bothawui makes them immune to it, so it @#$% for them. if they play a sniper then let them shoot one. just get one of the other 3 to go over there, and (if their stupid enough) they may miss by only getting a 1 for shot destiny.

Vs TIE’s

All The protection you need against TIE’s Are you superior Intereupts. if they play all power to weapons, sense it. then if you dont want sense another interrupts then catch it with Wat u trying to push on us. If they make the mistake of Putting down Sienar fleet systems before they put down a TIE to Wakeelmui then Alter it and laugh in there face. HAHAHA. be sure to barrier the dreadnuaght or to barrier the executer or that realy @#$%ty Chimeara Combo. easy win. has won every time against a Tie So Far.

That about it from me so please be sure to rate generously.
