---
layout: post
author: ! Bjorn "nexus" Sorgjerd
title: ! "Endor Operations - Toola Regioanl variant"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-25
description: ! "This EO variant aims at flipping to prevent opponent from drawin more than one destiny, and then drining on the ground."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Deck Detail
Cards 60

LOCATIONS (8)
	 1 Death Star II Docking Bay
	 1 Endor
	 1 Endor Back Door
	 1 Endor Bunker
	 1 Endor Dark Forest
	 1 Endor Forest Clearing
	 1 Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
	 1 Executor Docking Bay

CHARACTERS (20)
	 1 4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
	 1 Admiral Ozzel
	 1 Admiral Piett
	 2 Biker Scout Trooper
	 1 Commander Igar
	 1 Corporal Drelosyn
	 1 Corporal Misik
	 1 Darth Vader With Lightsaber
	 1 Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
	 1 Emperor Palpatine
	 1 Grand Moff Tarkin
	 1 Janus Greejatus
	 1 Lord Vader
	 1 Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
	 1 Navy Trooper Fenson
	 1 Sergeant Barich
	 1 Sergeant Irol
	 1 Sim Aloo
	 1 The Emperor

STARSHIPS (8)
	 1 Boba Fett In Slave I
	 1 Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
	 1 Chimaera
	 2 Death Squadron Star Destroyer
	 1 Dengar In Punishing One
	 1 Executor
	 1 Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

VEHICLES (4)
	 3 Speeder Bike
	 1 Tempest 1

WEAPONS (2)
	 1 Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
	 1 Vader’s Lightsaber

EFFECTS (10)
	 1 Battle Order
	 1 Establish Secret Base
	 1 Imperial Arrest Order
	 1 Mobilization Points
	 1 Ominous Rumors
	 1 Overseeing It Personally
	 1 Perimeter Patrol
	 1 Search And Destroy
	 1 Something Special Planned For Them
	 1 You Cannot Hide Forever

INTERRUPTS (6)
	 1 Force Lightning
	 1 Imperial Barrier
	 1 Imperial Command
	 1 Prepared Defenses
	 1 Tactical Support
	 1 Twi’lek Advisor

ADMIRAL’S ORDERS (1)
	 1 We’re In Attack Position Now - Admiral’s Order

OBJECTIVE
	 1 Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost
'

Strategy: '

Response to reviews
This deck does not yet include R2 - The Emperor was just added as an afterthought. I’ll be posting a new version including R2 as soon as I’ve had the time to look over the cards propperly.


Greetings

The first deck I posted to DeckTech was a variant of Endor Operations that had a LOT of blue and gray cads, and almost no reds. It was meant only to be fun, but turned out to work surprisingly well. I decided to try to make it a little more balanced, and this is what came out. Have done very well so far, need input.

Start
Objective and relevant cards
Prepared Defenses
IAO
Mobilization Points
You Cannot Hide Forever

Against certain deck you might want to start with Something Special Planned For Them insstead of YCHF. The generation potential of IAO + MP is unbelievable.

Turn 1 You will generate a minimum of 5 Force, possible as many as 7. Use Mobilization  Points to get Executor. Use IAO to get a docking bay. Then deploy a biker scout (preferably) to the docking bay. Palpatine is nice to drop on the Landing Platform or the Emperor on DSIIDB. You can also use YCHF to get Perimiter Patrol and deploy on Bunker and Landing Platform, or wait until turn 2. Draw whatever cards are left.

Turn 2 Your Force generation should now  be minimum of 8, probably 10-12 and possibly as much as 15 if youre lucky or opponent gives you much Force. Deploy another docking bay with a character, and get Prepared defenses if you didnt do it last turn. You should probably draw all cards, unless you have a hand and table situation that will enable a turn 3 flip if you save some force. Getting Imperial Barrier is strong if you suspect spies.

Turn 3&4 You should now have both docking bays and Perimiter patrol, giving you large amounts of force (commonly 15 by turn 3). Some games see the objective flipped during turn 3, but mostly youll have to wait until turn 4. The one thing I would like is to add 1 or 2 more bikers, as this would help ensure an easy flip, but its a tight fit.

Turn 5+ Drain at Endor (where opponent cannot cancel your drains), while retaining control of Endor system. You may also consider either reinforcing the docking bays or pulling you characters to Endor  by this time LS will have built a beatdown squad or something and you need the protection offered by Perimeter Patrol.

Locations
Endor locations are needed for maximum force drain potential.
Two docking bays + landing platform are about right, any more will be wasted.

Characters
Well, you need biker scouts to flip and to drain. I have 8, which is enough - but only barely. Remember that the objective allows you to retrieve one biker each turn (flip side).
The admirals help out in space by reducing deploy cost (DSSD for only 5 Force with Executor and both admirals). You can get either with Imperial Command and use Piett to get the AO or Igar.
Vader and Mara should either be kept back in reserve or quickly deployed with sabers to enhance drains or beat down.
Palpatine is nice because he gives you extra force. He is also central if using Overseeing It Personally and Force Lightning. The Emperor is a little weaker, but the attrition bonus can be nice. Just swap him for another Plapatine if you like him better.

Starships
The Destroyers are all immune to attrition. With AO they are even more immune. The starfighters are there for their excellent game text.

Vehicles
Bikes for the bikers and mains. Nice destiny, deploys from deck. Tempest 1 best with Igar, but decent without.

Effects
There are 10 effects in the deck. This is certainly a lot, but 2 deploys with the objective, 3 with the Starting Interrupt (with another one quickly deployed with YCNHF). This leaves 4 in the deck - not overly many I think. I seem to get most of the ones I need every time I play. Perimeter Patrol is central to defending Endor. prevents opponent from effectively battling on Endor. Best if used with Closed Door, but I find I can manage without.

Interrupts
This deck is light on interrupts. Tactical Support and Imperial Command gets characters from the Reserve Deck.

Admirals Orders
This one was added as an afterthought. It certainly enhances your deck, but I have found it most effective when used to ”cancel” opponents AOs.

Matchups
vs. HB
The deck Ive had the most problems with is HB - LS space can defeat my starfleet if they try hard. If you play vs. LS space you should garrison Endor strongly, do not let the LS control it (or the objective gets flipped back). I have found concentrating my forces and building my drains and pulling security precautions will make HB come to you - then you can destroy him. If he chooses to ignore Endor, his inability to cancel your drains, will kill him rather quickly.

vs. Hidden Mains
Build forces quickly on Endor and flip. Then wait for him to come to you, hiding behind Perimiter Patrol (this card is sooo good). Meanwhile you have built up a sizeable reaction force on your own. Him drawing only 1 destiny should make you win the ensuing battles.

vs. MWYHL
Same as Hidden Mains, only it will be a much closer call. Great Warrior will HURT, but you still have a decent drain potential on Endor. Try landing a few blokes in a ship at Dagobah and kick Yoda and his apprentice. If he starts training to 6, be quick about it	max out your drains to hurt him badly before he gets going. Played right they never get to flip.

vs. Profit
You outdrain the by a LARGE margin. If he tries to come to Endor you whip his ass. Profit, even my own Profit, dont do well against this deck.
vs. TIGIH
Capture Luke with any Imperial except Vader  transfer onto a starship and lose 2 Force each turn. Force drain LS to death.

vs. WYS
Havent tried this yet, but flip side should hurt his ability to draw destiny, then go kill some alien scum. SSPFT should also take care of his retrieval. Might still be interresting, as WYS flip limits force generation and that could turn out to be a problem. Ill have to try this one.

Good luck  '