---
layout: post
author: Darryll "217" Silva
title: 'Death By Profit'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-06-14
description: ! 'Battle, Drain, Battle, Drain.... need I say more.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(9)
   ProfitDestroyed
   Jabbas Palace
   Audience Chamber
   Han Solo
   Podrace Prep
   Podrace Arena
   Ani’s Pod
   Boonta Podrace
   The Camp

Locations(2)
   Junland Wastes
   JP Entrance Cavern

Characters(19)
   2x Qui-Gon
   2x Jedi Luke
   2x Obi Padawans
   2x Han wBlaster
   Leia wBlaster
   Orrimarko
   Jar Jar
   H’nemthe
   Padme
   Corran Horn
   Lando wAxe
   Tawss Khaa
   3x Talz

Interrupts(18)
   2x Losing track
   A jedi’s Focus
   Too Close For Comfort
   Blaster Deflection
   Weapon Levitation
   2x Someone who loves you
   Nar shaddaa Wind Chimes
   Take Me to Jabba Now
   Fallen Portal
   Rebel Barrier
   Double Agent
   Armed And Dangerous
   Houijix
   Sorry about the mess
   Clash Sabers
   The Signal

Effects(8)
   Insurrection
   Do or Do not & wise advice
   What are you trying to push on us
   Disarmed
   Bacta tank
   Projection
   Brisky Morning Munchen
   Goo Nee Tay

Weapons(3)
   Luke’s Blade
   Qui Gon’s Blade
   Obi’s Blade

Puple Card(1)
   I Did It





'

Strategy: '

This Deck is very simple to play.

The big upside is that if you’re really beating the crap out of the other guy you can do it by more by retrieving up to 20 force

The charecters are exceptionally good. Qui-Gon and Luke get the job done.

Start- Control the Chamber and don’t let anyone in or it could cost the game. Getting out Bacta tank and Wise&Do Or Don’t can win the game by tanking all you’re characters and redploying them.
Make you’re jedi look defenseless the play Armed&D.Start the podrace on turn 2 if possible the make sure you play losing track to damage their pod.

Locations- The locations in this deck are only for draining after Han is out.

Effects-Goo Nee Tay stops the vader and tarkin drop. Projection stops a drain where they are hiding from you. The ultimate Jar Jar reincarnator just drop him and a few others, use his text and get rid of that ever annoying dengar wgun, then bring him back with  munchen. Bacta Tank the ultimate Han Saver, plus it lets the jedi’s and talz come back. Don’t forget to grab their interrups. And stop the Alter, Sense Crap.

Interrupts- Use the Chimes to get the Talz’s out. Focus to lower their power. And the almighty levitation- get a weapon,grab theirs, stop you are beaten plus a recycable 4, this card is the best still. Blaster deflection to let you’re jedi’s stay alive a little longer and annoy your opponent. If you’re going to battle a stacker make sure you clash their best person. Houjix is a backup just in case you have 7 or more battle damage. Arm you’re jedi a WArmed & Dangerous. Use the Signal to get first off you’re bacta tank the the sense and alter killer.

Characters- The characters are overwhelminging and they never seem to leave. Set a few people at a site then wait for a drop and move over Obi- Wan and gut them. Qui-Gon and Luke seem to live forever because of their immunity to attrition. Set you’re talz around Han and With a Qui-Gon or Obi. Lando adds destiny.Padme get out you’re Jedi’s. H’nemthe sits with Han so vader is deploy +4 with Goo Nee Tay on table and JarJar never leaves and can drop at a non-battleground.

 Well that sums up my deck. The best part of this deck is it’s retrieval and it’s power.

I’m always open to Suggestions and if I see somehting that will kill others I will update my deck as soon as I get the message. Have fun
 Late, Darryll”217”Silva


'