---
layout: post
author: Evan "EvO" Walker
title: 'Hunt Down v. 1.0 (Dueling)'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-20
description: ! ''
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe

Epic Events (1)
Epic Duel

Locations
Executor Holotheater
Executor Meditation Chamber
Coruscant Docking Bay
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Executor Docking Bay
Rendili

Characters (20)
Emperor Palpatine x2
Mara Jade, The Emperor&#8217;s Hand x2
Janus Greejatus x2
Sim Aloo
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Boba Fett w/ Blaster Rifle x2
Commander Igar
Dr. Evazan
4-Lom with Concussion Rifle
Darth Vader with Lightsaber
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x2
Lord Vader x2


Vehicles (2)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Starships (5)
Dengar in Punishing One
Bossk In Hound&#8217;s Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Chimaera
Dreadnaught class heavy cruiser

Interrupts (15)
Prepared Defenses
The Circle Is Now Complete x2
Vader&#8217;s Obsession x2
Masterful Move 
Operational As Planned x2
Focused Attack
Sniper x2
Trample
Twi&#8217;lek Advisor
You Are Beaten 

Effects (8)
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
Oppressive Enforcement
No Escape
Search And Destroy
Visage Of The Emperor x2
Reactor Terminal

Weapons (3)
Mara Jade&#8217;s Lightsaber
Vader&#8217;s Lightsaber x2



'

Strategy: '

matchups

Vs. Mains 
You have all the tools to waste this deck. battle effectively until the time is right to duel. You can easily hang with anything he can possibly throw at you on the ground. Use Choke Vader, Sniper, You Are Beaten, and Trample to their fullest. Eventually, there is nothing he can do to stop you from dueling Obi and Luke, and that will polish him off. Oppressive gaurantees he doesnt stop my tracking. I suppose it depends on the player, but this is a matchup that leans heavily in your favor. Ask Matt Lush how hard it is to beat this with a mains deck.

Vs. EBO 
Ketwol isnt problematic, unless he gets lucky and draws his Transmission Terminated early and pulls the lock with it. Otherwise, Visage will bend him over, along with S+D. Pick Vader up and try to duel. Sure, Ketwol decks have mad destiny, but you win every time when you track or use Tarkin. Against Wings, set up as fast you can, you have to deal as much damage as possible while he scurries to set up. Eliminate his spies. Be wary of Barrier/Ice Storm. Use ships wisely. Bossk and Zuckuss are money when you track. 

Vs. Agents in the court
This game is pretty easy. I advise you not deploy Vader to the Hutt Trade Route first turn unless you know or seriously feel he doesnt have a Sandwhirl. Some Speeder versions dont use Aliens and Bo Shuda, so sit Vader in the AC if thats the case. If not, put him at a DB until you are given another Tatooine location to put him at where he is safe. Throw your crew to Tatooine, and whip his ass. Fans arent too much of a problem when you Choke, Trample, Sniper, etc. Speeders have always been somewhat difficult, but Visage is so very often  '