---
layout: post
author: ! Philip "WorldChamp" Marschall
title: ! "Post-Coruscant SYC Racing Jizz"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-31
description: ! 'This deck uses Brangus to win the Podrace w/Podracer collisions, and then use Gardulla to get everything back. It also uses Maul, Vader, Mara, and Palpy to drain and battle. Manipulation screws the opponent so he cant do anything.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (9)
SYCFA/TUPITU
Death Star
DS DB
Alderaan
Podrace Arena
Boonta Eve Podrace
Sebulba’s Podracer
Watto’s Box
Start Your Engines

Locations (4)
DS DB x2
Echo War Room
Lars Farm

Characters (17)
Lord Vader x2
Vader w/Stick (for Suicide Runs)
Maul (tat)
Maul, Young Apprentice
Mara x2
Brangus x3
Onith x2
Palpy 
Sim
Janus
Gardulla the Hutt x2

Weapons (3)
Vader’s Stick
Maul’s Stick
Mara’s Stick

Effects (6)
Meteor Impact x2
Destroyed Homestead
Responsibility of Command
A Disturbance in the Force
Crush the Rebellion

Interrupts (21)
Alter x3
Sense x2
Control x2
Defensive Fire/Hutt Smooch x2
Podracer Collision x3
I Have You Now x2
Shocking Revelation
Put All Sections on Alert
Limited Resources
Counter Assault
You Are Beaten
Imbalance
Force Lightning
'

Strategy: '

This is a deck I just made up and wanted to post I am gonna make it after I get my box of Coruscant and hopefully start winnning some tourneys.

Card Choices 

Fear/Limited Resources I found that four force randomly can be quite a shock, and Fear helps me get their hand down to 2 cards or less.

Meteor Impact/Destroyed Homestead I found that this can be one of the deadliest combos there is. Target Luke w/Destroyed Homestead and Meteor Impact on one end of the Tatooine sites and the other. Sit Palpy, Janus, and Sim w/a force lighting and I have u now at the impact site and drain and watch them lose a force each turn and Luke can’t draw destiny.

Early Game Start racing and get the Brangus/Podracer collision engine w/Gardulla retrieving the DB each turn combo set up early, and get a draining character or two to a drain site early to start draining. Start Onithing the pepl from his hand to keep your pepl safe. 

Mid-Game You should have won the race by now and you should be ready to hold out for the win. Start setting up your drains and combos. They should be low on characters because of Onith, and you should be strong on life force. 

End-Game Be ready for some big attacks because they are in a hole. You should have gotten Crush out by now and get an I Have You Now and also get you are beaten. If you can hold of any big damage from attacks, you should coast along to the win.

This deck might have trouble vs. ebo or hb because of the drains that you cannot stop, but the 11 retrieval from the podrace and one every turn from Gardulla who is set up by Sim, should be enough to keep you going on to a very close win. Profit Podracing might give you fits, but keep the damage steady and Onith keeping their beatdown characters away early so you can set up your drains. 

Hope you enjoyed reading this deck and I hope you enjoy playing it when Coruscant comes out.

The future world champ, Phil '