---
layout: post
author: Fernando "Garion" Medaln
title: 'THE EMPIRE TAKING CONTROL OF CLOUD CITY V.2.0'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-13
description: ! 'This deck shows how the Empire teke control of wrong situations. KILLING EVERYTHING.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'STARTING (6)
TDIGWATT/Pray I don´t kill you now
CC Carbonite Chamber
Secret Plans
Any Methods Necessary
CC Security Tower (in hand)
Zuckuss In Ship (in hand)

STARSHIPS/VEHICLES (9)
Chimera
Dengar In Ship
OS-72-1 In Obsidian 1
OS-72-2 In Obsidian 2
Obsidian 7
Obsisian 8
Virago
Lift Tube x2

CHARACTERS (16)
Emperor Palpatine
Darth Vader w/stick x2
Mara Jade x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Admiral Piett
Admiral Motti
General Tagge
General Veers
Capitan Palleon
Prince Xizor
Boba Fett w/cannon
Lando 
Niado Duegad

WEAPONS (1)
Mara Jade´s stick

ADMIRAL ORDERS (1)
We´re In Attack Possition Now

INTERRUPTS (17)
Dark Maneuvers & Tallon Roll x2
Force Lighting
Omni Box & It´s worse x2
Limited Resources
All Power To Weapons
Ellis Helrot x2
Imperial Command x2
You Are Beaten
Sense x3
Defensive Fire & Hutt Smooch
Control & Set For Stun

EFFECTS (4)
All Too Easy
CC Occupation
Lateral Damage
Dark Deal

LOCATIONS (6)
CC West Gallery
CC Dinning Room
CC Chasm Walkway
CC Downtown Plaza
Bespin Cloud City
Bespin
'

Strategy: '

Ok, this is the revised version 2.0 of my previous dark side deck. I´ve really attend to all the advices people send me in the last submission, and I think this is even better than the other. I hope you men will think so either.
Please, read this till the end and rate it. Suggestions will be wellcomed.

This is a Dark Deal dark side deck, I´m sure you´ve seen lots of this, but my deck has some cards that are no very common here in Decktech, so I will comment nearlly every card (no all the characters because they are quite obvious).
As you start with one site (1/0) and a starfighter, you must search only for another site, and thanks to the objective you must have Dark Deal, CC Occupation, Bespin Cloud City and Bespin in very few turns (3 or 4 are good) so by turn 5 you MUST have flip the objective.

The starting hand.
Why Any Methods and no Prep Defs? Because this way you start with one of the three sites necessary to deploy Dark Deal and with a big ship such Zuckuss in Mist Hunter. You lost the possibility of deploying 3 effects, but in this deck is better something like this hand.

The Blue Section
Too many ships? I don´t think so. I´ve lost many games because I wasn´t able to defend Cloud City and/or Bespin. Now, with all the Ties and the Dark Maneuvers & Tallon Roll combo card, I will.
The Chimera gives me the heavy support as with Thrawn and Palleon as pilots is really BIG. The Bonty Hunters in their ships provide support for both the ties and Chimera, and for desperate moments, Xizor in Virago is the last ship you must deploy.
As many of my sites are interior ones, I´ve chosen Lift Tubes as they move as reacts and have destiny of 6.

The Character Section
Really need explanation about this?

The Red Section
Dark Maneuvers & Tallon Roll kill op dangerous ships, and big destiny.
Force Lighting a good killing character card.
Ommni Box & It´s Worse anti those #%&@$ It could Be Worse. and a recicle destiny 5 card, great.
Limited Resources to end a hard game.
All Power To Weapons surprise.
Imperial Command search for Thrawn, Motti, etc.
Hutt Smooch anti TK422 or Boush or any other spy.

I don´t think the other cards need axplanations, but I will be gratefull to explain them to anyone who needs more about them.

Against The Decks
AITC play as allways and win him.
HB against swarms play Tallon Roll like mad, and against mains you have enought ships to deffend yourself and find out the hidden base so you will outdrain him. It´s a difficult play anyway.
EBO pray you start the Dark Deal sooner so you outdrain him before he does. Very difficult.
WYS not problems aginst this one I hope.
MWYHL really a great game, but as you have many locations to drain at least 1 (2 in Downtown Plaza), you must drain him more than he might stop, and you have Secret Plans to help you a little.
Rescue Han nothing to do against you and this super-powerfull characters deck. Kill Han and any other stupid he can throw you.

That´s all I hope. As said above suggestion will be wellcomed. Thanks in advance for reading it till the end. '