---
layout: post
author: Kyle "Psyokid" Ishimaru
title: 'Court of the Vile  Who Owns Tatooine??'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-30
description: 'Court I played at Comic-Con has done well for me with control and direct damage.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting(8)
Court of the Vile/Flipping Sucks
Audience Chamber
Pit of Carkoon
Dungeon
Prepared
Crush
There is no Try/Opressive 
Mobil Points

Sites(3)
Ice Plains
Carida
Tat: Dbay

Characters(15)
Dvader with Lsaber x2
Dlots
Emperor x2
Maul x2
Mara x2
Ponda Dr E
4-Lom with Conc
Mighty Jabba
Boba with Gun
Thrawn
Chinerau

Ships(4)
Chimera x2
Zuckuss
Bossk

Weapons(2)
Mauls Stick
Maras Stick

Effects(11)
Search and Destroy
Bad Feeling
First Strike
Blast Door Controls
You cannot Hide forever
No escape
Lateral
Sec Precautions
Serect Plans
Battle Order
Grabber

Interrupt(16)
Elis Helrot x2
I have you Now x2
Weapon Lev
Barrier
Operational as planned
Look Sir Droids
You Are Beaten
Force Lightning
Sniper/D strike
Projective Tele
Command
Ommni Box/Its Worse
Evader/Monnok
Twillik

Sebulbas Pod 

Strategy: 

This is the deck i played at Comic-Con and it went 3-1 which i was happy with.  Its only lost to a BoomRace deck where i couldnt get any guys into the Bunker.

It may not be the Strongest deck out there but they have to come to you or lose a force every turn.  If they dont come to you Elis your guys over for beatdown.  

The deck has alot of beatdown.  With a few characters you can kill alot.  Using You are beaten, Ponda Baba Dr e and D Strike you can create a beatdown.  

Why off Court:  I play this off court because of the Direct Damage and being able to pull your Independent Ships.  Pulling the Ships helps out alot and the direct damage helps if theyre plaing space.  + you can pull docking bays which gives you the Elis Option that you wouldnt have with IAO.

Mobil Points:  It sucks when they cancel it with Dont do that again but it only slows you down.

Card Explanations:

Look Sir Droids:  You can Kill of a main driod like Threepio with Parts, Bantha Droid, Artoo Threepio..  any of these you can take out which can help alot.

Ice Plains:  Anti EBO and extra force if you draw it.  Oh well for the floating 0 if you can kill EBO.

Blast Door Controls:  Kills Barrier and Narrow which is quite annoying.

Deck Matchups:

WYS:  Control the Cantina as soon as you can.  Try not to get killed off Tatooine.  Try to set up beatdown against some of their smugglers and try and knock them off kessel.  If you play it right you should win.  

EBO:  Get your Ice Plains out somehow and set up search and destroy.  Drain of the Ground and try to kill their main drain site(kiffex) or something like that.  With Direct Damage and drains you should win.

RST:  This is hard matchup.  I think you can ping them away for enough in the end.  Most of them Dont play space so you can easily control Endor and drop down Battle order.  They 8 force loss will hurt.  Try not to let them get into the bunker but if they do dont worry about it.  

RST Racing:  This is a hard matchup.  Use Sebulba to stall them out and make them use Interrupt Cards.  Get Serect plans out to stop them from retrieving.  Try to grab OOC if they play it.  Control Endor with Battle Plan and try to hit them for lots of damage after they blow up the Bunker.  

Racing:  Play Sebulba to stall them out and playing Interrupts.  Serect Plans the Race and you should be ok.  Thats the only reason i play Him.  If he gets damaged unless you have a chance of winning dont lose the force.

Thanks for reading.  If you have any advice or questions d-mail me and ill get back to you as soon as i can.  later.. 