---
layout: post
author: ! William "FredDurst100" Diniega
title: ! "Never fear, Midge is here"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-19
description: ! 'This is a RST deck that uses scouts for full drain potential.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations(7)
Endor(start)
EndorRebel Landing Site(start)
EndorHidden Forest Trail
EndorBack Door
EndorChief Chirpa’s Hut
DagobahYoda’s Hut
Rendezvous Point

Characters(19)
Corporal Midge x3
General Solo x2
Daughter of Skywalker x2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x2
General Crix Madine 
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk
Wuta
Orrimaarko
Corran Horn
Lando with Vibro-Ax
Wicket
Lieutenant Page
Corporal Beezer
Major Panno

Starships(2)
X-wing x2

Weapons and Devices(4)
Landing Claw x2
Luke’s Lightsaber
Anakin’s Lightsaber

Effects(11)
Strike Planning(start)
Your Insight Serves You Well(start)
Twighlight is Upon Me(Start)
Goo Nee Tay
Ounee Ta
Traffic Control
Order to Engage
Reflection
Frozen Assets
Aim High
Bacta Tank

Interrupts(16)
Take the Initiative x3
Clash of Sabers
Endor Celebration
The Signal
Heading for the Medical Frigate(start)
Run Luke, Run x2
Rebel Leadership x2
Nabrun Leids
Control and Tunnel Vision x2
Sense and Recoil in Fear x2

Objective(1)
Rebel Strike Team/Garrison Destroyed '

Strategy: '

Cards to add and take out
Tala 1,Tala 2,Gold Squadron 1,Artoo and Threepio, 2 Artoo I have a bad feeling about this,squadron assignments,Colonel Cracken, Lieutenant Blount, close air support. take out 2 Corporal Midges, one General Solo,two xwings, two landing claws,aim high,reflection,one sense recoil in fear.

Reasons for cards-
Twilight is upon me, In my area there ar etons of You are Beatens and Dark Jedi Presences being played.
Sense and Recoil in Fear, there is always a time that you’ll have to cancel an interrupt even if you takeforce loss from there is no try.

On to strategy-
First turn deploy Crix to the landing site from deck, then pull chewie and wuta to the landing site, if chewie isn’t in deck, pull Major Panno for extra activation next turn.  Second turn pull solo with strike planning and drp him at a site you pull with wuta, then move chewie to solo’s site.  Use wuta to pull all of your sites but don’t let your opponent take control of the site, deploy it only if you’re going to control it that turn so you can flip your objective and your opponent can’t keep you from flipping.  Once you flip drop Corporal Midge to add 1 to all your drains where you have a scout of ability>2.  You just drain your opponent for the rest of the game and if your opponent want’s to put up a fight use take the initiative to add to your battle destiny because after all, all of your characters are scouts or spies.

Now matchups-
 TIES- When your opponent drops a dreadnaught, drop an x-wing and landing claw it. Drop order to engage and add the 3 force loss to all your drains and your opponent won’t be able to keep up by retrieval.

Hunt Down-You don’t have to worry about Ben and if He tries to take Luke out, Just cancel the Vader’s obsession with the run luke, runs.

Bring him before me- Don’t give them luke until Vaders down and deploy him as far away from Vader as possible, then drop spys and just take the Emperor out.  

Scum- This is probably the hardest match-up.  Start Ounee Tay instead of Twilight and go after your opponent. If you can take the audience chamber, you can stop the deck, sense the none shall passes and drop strike the audience chamber.  If you see no oota goota solo’s and their are no imp arrenst orders, you can nabrun from endor to the audience chamber.  Or you can stick to endor, just make sure you set up faster than your opponent and once again claw on to bossk in hound’s tooth.  Just drain your opponent out.

Well I hope that’s enough to help you play this deck and have fun with it.  Woooppppiiieeee

'