---
layout: post
author: Dunya "Hardpack" Ertan
title: 'Ebo real twist'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-30
description: 'Drain and battle and drain and drain thats all u do'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

Starts: 4
hoth generator  st
4 marker   st
signal    st
ESB

locations: 6
dabogah
yodas home
bog clearing
training area
Rende. point
kessel
hoth

Starships: 18

x-wing 15
milliuem falcon
home one
spiral

weapons: 4
x-wing canon 2
anakins stick 2

effects: 9
wise advise
yoda’s hope
yarma
encampment
projection x2
jedi test 1
revolution x2

interrupts: 12

kessel runs x2
on the edge x2
organized attack x2
alter/combo
sense/combo x2
first strike I forgot the light side version
frozen assets x2

people: 7
daugher sky
yoda
son sky
obi one
solo
General solo
figuring dan





Strategy: 

Update: won the tournament with it today. Second game by 9 and last game by 38. Man its not easy. Played an ISB deck out of hell and kick his little bounty ships. Played an Tie deck and it was over in one battle. It can win. IT does have holes but not that much. You just have to play it right.



Well here is a weird deck. before you say ”what the hell” here it is. In first turn get dagobah and grab a site Yodas hut. And draw the puny 3 or 4 force u have. Most likely u will have a good hand. Next turn u the ebo text to grab hoth and another site of DB. deploy few x-wings and move them to DB. By turn three u are activating at 10. Most likely you will have kessel in the hand. Deploy ur effects and yoda or luke to train. by turn 4 all force drains bonuses are gone and ur opponets think what the hell. then deploy x-wings and millium in kessel and hold it. revolution yodas hut and bog clearing. Next turn u start a kessel run with the falcon. From rendous point. Also dont forget the drain. hut is 3, training area is 1, bog is 2, kessel 3 and hoth is 1. What is that 10. Come here u big coward is out. By turn 5 the latest you should drain for is 10. This is how u use frozen assets. If they throw a ship in space to stop one drain and they use a gkk frozen assets first strike and hitting them with everything u got. 7 xings with power 4 each and two destiny draws u get the idea. I forgot one thing remove one organized attack for hojixs combo. sense and alter everything. U will get it back. its the elimate of suprise is the game. 1/6 of the deck for drains hurts. And nothing they can do about it. Well good luck .  also forgot this is my first time summiting a deck here. I think i messed up.  Hey mirax relax dude, Just beacuse u never saw or played against this kind of deck before those not make you an expert.   