---
layout: post
author: ! Phillip "Karrdeshark" Aasen
title: ! "Double-Crossing  No Good Swindler"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-28
description: ! 'Creates awesome force loss for the opponent.  Check it out'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective1
CCT/MFD

Characters22
Jabba the Hutt or Mighty Jabba x2 (your pick)
Mara Jade, TEH
Arica
Boelo
Ephant Mon x2
Lando Calrissian
4-LOM w/gun x2
IGGy w/gun
Fett w/gun
Dengar w/gun
Zuckuss
Djas Puhr
Bane Malar
Brangus Glee x2
Dr. Evazan&Ponda Baba
Snoova x2
Jabba’s Prize (start)

Locations9
CC Carbonite Chamber (start)
CC Security Tower (start)
CC East Platform x2
Tatooine DB 94 x2
< > DB x2
JP Audience Chamber

Starships/Vehicles6
Zuckuss in ship
Fett in ship
Bossk in ship
Iggy in ship
Dengar in ship
Jabba’s Sail Barge

Weapons/Devices3
Mara’s Stick
Vibro-Ax
C.C. Console (waste of a good card space. ;) (start)

Effects11
YCHF
IAO (start)
Mob. Points (start)
Power of the Hutt (start)
TINT&Oppressive Enforcement (start against SAC)
Hutt Influence
Reactor Terminal
First Strike
Bad Feeling Have I
S & V x2

Interrupts9
Double-Crossing, No Good Swindler x4
Jabba’s Through with you
Twi’lek Advisor
Prepared Defenses (start)
Imperial Barrier x2 '

Strategy: '

Editor’s Note #1 Yes, he does work.  The card says, ”If Han and your Lando are at same site, opponent loses 3 force”.  It doesn’t say presence anywhere.  I mean, if a character is at a prison, he is at that site.  And just because I don’t have a specific strat. for WYS, doesn’t mean you have to give me a 3* rating.  I am not going to take out Brangus because it really helps even if you can’t find the DBs.  You can still get back cards when you draw them. (you do have six)

Editor’s note #2 Here’s the strat. for WYS Destroy ’em in space.  They won’t expect all 5 ships.  And you still have Mara, Snoova, Bane Malar, Djas Puhr, 4-LOM and others to hold the ground.  If they deploy a Lando, KILL HIM  And continue.  

Editor’s note #3 If you have problem or questions, don’t rate me bad, d-mail me and ASK me about it and then decide.

Okay, start off by getting Lando BEFORE you activate 1st turn.  remember to use IAO
each turn to get a docking bay.  Double Crossing-No Good Swindler makes the opponent
lose force up the Wazoo.  Now here’s the machine Deploy Lando as the escort first turn. 
Search for Brangus with the AC. (get it with the Obj. first turn.  If you draw him, get
Jabba.  Use IAO to get the CC DB first turn).  By second or third turn you should have a
DB-NGS. Play it and trade a DB for it.  IAO will keep up your DB supply.  It’s unique, so
as soon as it’s the opponents turn, play it again.  Even if they grab it, you have four copies,
so they’ll still lose force.  As soon as you flip, do this and retrieve it with the Obj., or battle
and retrieve.  Brangus makes it work awesomely.  In one game, (the opponent couldn’t
find their grabber) I made them lose TWENTY-FOUR force just to the interrupts.  Heh
heh.  Now then, here are reasons for various cards

Starship mix  can’t be ignored.  Anti-EBO if they play Deadbolt and such.

Bad Feeling Have I and Imperial Barrier Helps prevent the EPP Beatdown.

First Strike Retrievel and can stuff their interrupts.

YCHF Numbers Protection.  

Hutt Influence Prevents them canceling your drains.

D-C,NGS Duh

Jabba’s Through With You Adds a Battle Destiny

Twi’lek Advisor let’s you get out your effects.

<> DBs and the extra DBs Needed for Brangus


Matchups

HB Mains Keep your characters together to prevent a beatdown. other than that, play as normal.

HB X-wings Stick together in space and they won’t be able to overpower you.  They can’t touch your ground.

EBO Swarm same thing.

EBO Mains same as HB mains.

RST Move to Endor en masse and overpower them.  They can’t touch your space.

QMC QMC stinks and cannot beat this.

MWYHL Keep them out of everything except Dagobah.  Your ’Swindler should pull it out in the end.

Anything else So long, Sucker.

This deck won’t give up without a fight, and can be devastating every game.  Hope you enjoy it  I am thoroughly open to ideas and tips.  Please, give advice  '