---
layout: post
author: ! Andy "Solo337" McClure
title: ! 'Agents Of The Dark Pimp'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-10
description: ! 'My take on the Reflections 2 objective. Scum and Villainy, of course. Why would anyone play Imperials?'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'
Objective
Agents Of The Black Sun

Locations (11)
Coruscant (s)
Coruscant Imperial City (s)
Coruscant Docking Bay
Tatooine Docking Bay
Tatooine Cantina
Jabba’s Palace x3
JP Audience Chamber
JP Lower Passages
Carida

Characters (18)
Price Xizor x3 (s)
Guri x3
ECC Iggy x2
ECC 4-LOM x2
Vigo x3
Bane Malar
EJP Dengar
Snoova
Djas Puhr
EPP Fett

Weapon
Vibro-Ax

Starships (3)
Bossk In Bus
Fett in Ship
Zuckess In Ship


Interrupts (12)
Prepared Defences (s)
Sniper/Dark Strike
Shocking Revelation
Twi-lek Advisor
None Shall Pass x2
Point Man
Projective Telepathy
Imperial Barrier
Oh, Switch Off x2 T-E-C-H

Effects (15)
Imperial Arrest Order (s)
Mobilization Points (s)
Secret Plans
There’ll Be Hell To Pay
Hutt Influence
There Is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement
Battle Order
First Strike
Scum And Villainy x2
Lateral Damage
Search And Destroy
Bad Feeling Have I
No Bargain
Disarmed





'

Strategy: '

IF YOU HAVEN’T SEEN THE CARDS, CHECK THE OUT AT DECIPHER.COM

Well, here it is. Do I get bonus points for being the first person (first I’ve seen, anyway) to submit this deck. Maybe this well be the prototype? Who knows?

Well, I had no idea what I was doing when I built this deck. I was looking for all the useful characters I could actually deploy, and the choices were somewhat limited. I went with what I could.

The basic idea, is get Xizor to the Tatooine Docking Bay for a guaranteed second turn flip, without Luke. IAO and Mob. Points let you set up massive generation quickly. Once Xizor is at the Tatooine Docking Bay, you should get Guri as soon as possible to protect the Dark Price. With Guri, Xizor is nearly invincible. Check them out, Xizor is really hard to kill. Jabba’s Palace is also key. 3 JPs has been plenty to make sure I get one early. Once you have Jabba’s Palace, get out Scum and set up drains as possible.

The usual start is IAO, Mobilization Points, and Secret Plans, but TINT/OE can be subbed for Secret Plans if you expect SAC. With Secret Plans, you can search during each control phase for Shocking Revelation. This card is not only a trackable 5 destiny, but also can be put to good use with the 7 side of the objective. Throw it back in your used pile for a free peek at your force pile each turn, then get it with Secret Plans again next turn. Secret Plans is also great vs. retrieval.

Card choices
3 Xizors I need to keep him on table for my objective to be flipped. 3 is plenty with Guri by his side. With Scum, I don’t need more, and I couldn’t deal with less.

3 Guris Yup, 3 Guris. Most battles, it can be Guri and Xizor vs. most LS stuff, and all you have to lose is Guri, so I need her to live to fight another day.

Oh, Switch Off This card is huge. I have 7 powerful droids in the deck, and this is a 6 destiny used interrupt that blocks them from being killed and protects them for the rest of the turn. For example EPP Luke, EPP Han and EPP Leia vs. Xizor and Guri. They battle and Luke tries to hack, but I tell her to Switch Off. Oddly enough, she still stay and adds power and protects Xizor. Now they can’t target Guri and they can’t target Xizor and they can only draw 1 battle destiny, and it won’t hurt me unless it is a 5. And they are only ahead of me by 1 power. If that isn’t sweet, I don’t know what is.

Multiple droids Like I said, my character selection is somewhat limited, and Iggy and 4-LOM are as good at handling Jedi Luke as Guri is at protecting Xizor. With Scum, sometimes Iggy can fight 3 or 4 times per game.

Cantina My drains are relatively small (but can be boosted with Vigos), and this helps boost them. You can’t deploy Gailid, so they JP drains are only 1, but this helps. I want to add another 2 drain location (or 2), but am not sure what to take out.

Vigos These dudes rock. Go read them and you will find out why.

Battle Order My space fleet isn’t huge, but I pull a battle ground system with Mob Points, so it is very powerful against LS decks with little or no space in them.

Lateral Damage A nasty surprise in a deck with so little space in it. Most people probably won’t expect it in a deck like this, and it just could win you a game now and then. Yeah, Dash, you aren’t so tough when your ship is power and forfeit 0 are ya?

The rest should be pretty straight forward. I haven’t played a lot of different decks, so I am not including match ups. Just play smart and react to wahtever they do.
'