---
author: James "Capt Pellean" Sowden
title: 'Hunt Down And Slaughter Your Ass....With Podracing'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-11
description: 'Like the title says this deck will slaughter your ass!'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (10)

Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi
Epic Duel
Visage Of The Emperor
Executor: Holotheatre
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Start Your Engines!
Boonta Eve Podrace
Sebulba’s Podracer
Tatooine: Podrace Arena
Watto’s Box

Characters (14)

Darth Maul
Emperor Palpatine 
Lord Vader x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith 
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Grand Moff Tarkin
Janus Greejatus
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Guri
Prince Xizor
Aurra Sing
Snoova

Effects (8)

Visage Of The Emperor x4
Imperial Arrest Order
Blast Door Controls
No Escape 
Reactor Terminal 

Interrupts (14)

The Circle Is Now Complete
Vader’s Obsession
This Is Some Rescue x2
Force Lightning
Ommni Box & It’s Worse
Podracer Collision x3
Limited Resources 
Main Course 
Twi’lek Advisor x2
Imperial Barrier 
Weapon Levitation 
Hit Racer x2
Focused Attack

Weapons (5)

Vader’s Lightsaber x2
Maul’s Lightsaber
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
Vibro-Ax

Locations (5)

Tatooine: Desert Landing Site
Tatooine: Mos Espa
Tatooine: Cantina 
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94
Executor: Docking Bay

Here Is The Destiny Count

0-	5
1-	15
2-	3
3-	2
4-	6
5-	11
6-	5
7-	4   
The average destiny in this deck is around a 3.8 (that&#8217;s with my starting and taking off 8 to include my hand) 



Strategy: 

Ok so basically this deck is to win the podrace and then beat them down or you can do that at the same time. The destiny in this deck is very high, guaranteeing the winning of the race. Most of the time I can finish the podrace in 4 turns, but I won’t finish it unless I have 11 force to retrieve or I just wanna beat down the opponent right away. I have only lost once in the podrace and that&#8217;s only cause the guy played podracing with a lot of those gay interrupts and I could take any of his destinies away. The strategy is like most other hunt down decks to beat your opponent down and duel him. So I will explain certain cards and why I have them in here plus what you should do against light side decks. 

1)	The characters are basic in this deck so there is really no need to explain them but here are a few combos’ I use. 

Emperor Palpatine + IG-88 With Riot Gun + Force Lightening. Empy is a one-man army but with Iggy it&#8217;s an amazing team. First you target one of their good characters like Obi or even EPP Han or Leia with force lightening using the used part. If you can track then target Qui-Gon. Then use Iggy to target them and you capture them. For Obi you only need a 1 and most other characters a 0. Qui-Gon you only need a 3 and that&#8217;s not hard to do unless you have really really @#$% destiny which most of the time you won’t draw something bad. 

Guri + Xizor + Mara Jade + Her Lightsaber. The reason I added Mara Jade in there is cause she is a very good imperial and she also has a weapon. Guri and Xizor are an obvious combo because the opponent gets on destiny max and you can’t target Xizor also they also can’t draw destiny if the don’t have greater than 6 ability. Most of the time I try to put Mara down at a site like Home One docking bay where they leave like a little scrub there for extra activation then put down Guri and Xizor if you have enough force and open up a big can.

2)	Explanation of Interrupts/Effects Cards:

Ommni Box & It’s Worse- I use this because of a gay little combo my friend uses now all my friends use. Aim High which makes me pay for my retrieval and It Could Be Worse lets them not lose force. So they lose no force and I have to pay 11 for my retrieval. The paying of 11 is not what pisses me off its that they don’t have to lose any. Normally I get about 11 force a turn by my 2nd or 3rd turn depending on the type of deck I am playing. So for 2 turns I will save up 22 force. You are saying then your opponent will just control the board but so what any force you lose you just retrieve it and that 11 damage from podracing hurts a lot so its worth the wait. So the 22 force lets me retrieve and also prevents the opponent from using It Could Be Worse if they are smart enough if they are not then make lose 22.

Limited Resources- I use this just because it is a game winning card if the game is really close or if your opponent is winning make their win less. By the end of the game most people either have no cards in hand or a couple and this is where this effect is used. On your turn if they have 2 or less cards in hand play limited resources and they have to lose 4 and the chances that someone plays with fusion generator supply tanks aboard a starship to reduce it by 2 is very unlikely. This card is also good because it has 5 destiny. I am thinking about taking out one of the limited resources just because you normally only get to play one so if you have any suggestions for a card to put in the slot put it in your comments please. 

Main Course- Main course is an amazing card in my opinion. First it cancels frozen      assets and that part is a used interrupt and also it is immune to sense, but the best part of this card is the lost part. If there are an alien and a rebel in a battle together you get to draw one destiny (2 if the Rebel is Han) and subtract that from the opponents attrition and total power. That is amazing especially if you draw two 7’s if you are battling against Han and an alien. That&#8217;s 14 off their power and attrition, which means you don’t have to lose any attrition and they are power -14, which means you pretty much beat them down. Most people will put Han with another alien and especially when you are playing a WYS because most of the smugglers are aliens. That takes care (if you draw 2 good destinies) of the opponents 2 destiny draws with the 2 smugglers. 

This Is Some Rescue- This card is great. Its destiny 6 so it helps you big time in the podrace, but also lately I have noticed people play Out Of Commission like crazy especially that Lingrell’s RST deck that plays with 6 and since they don’t have a dot the opponent can play all 6 of them at one time increasing the chances of OOC your Vader if you have had to lose him which when playing a hunt down deck will hurt a lot. This Is Some Rescue can help prevent some of that OOC because it cancels it and it’s not lost so its even better so you can keep on preventing that gay OOC. 

You are probably wondering why I duel with all those new cards out there that help the LS out a lot to win the duel, but to tell you the truth most people don’t use them and with the extremely high destiny in this deck you will win the duel most times especially if you track. I beat my friend in the podrace made him lose 11 force then I dueled his obi making him lose 9. So in 2 turns I made him lose 20 force. That&#8217;s one 3rd of his deck gone in 2 turns which is the game there unless your opponent has enough retrieval in his deck to get it all back which in most cases people don’t and if you are not sure that you will win the duel use Mara to duel instead and if she is placed out of play so what you still have your Vader which is better than Mara.

I play with 5 sites in this deck just because in my old deck I only had 3 which is not enough force activation so now I get 13 without the opponent (that&#8217;s including one for myself). If Vader down I get plus 1 at the Holotheatre and if the Emperor is down I get another plus 1 at the Holotheatre and one for him so a total of 15 without the opponent and before you say anything about that Holotheatre thing and give me a lower ranking read the card cause you do get an extra 1 activation if either Vader or Empy on table and 2 if both

I haven’t gotten the chance to try this deck out in a tournament, but I will and hopefully before the new set comes out. Against my friends it has done really well even against that top QMC deck on deck tech. My friend copied that off deck tech and uses it as his main deck and I can beat that deck even if he fallows the same strategy that the person uses who created it with all those gay path of least resistance. The thing to do is to either grab that card so they can’t retrieve it or go and capture that nerd that allows them to force drain plus 1 at CC sites. Thanks for reviewing my deck and any suggestions you have please put that with your comments, especially about the characters in my deck. I am trying to think of someone to take out so I can raise my destiny even more and if I should throw in some space in this deck?? 
