---
layout: post
author: ! Keith "Gen" Watabayashi
title: ! "Y2K Bird-Of-Prey"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-14
description: ! 'Just watch your step....'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective(1)
Watch your Step/This place can be a little rough

Locations(6)
Kessel
H1DB
Corellia
TatooineCantina (SL)
Tatooine (SL)
TatooineDocking Bay (SL)


Characters(12)
Jedi Luke x2
ECC Lando
Captain Han Solo x2
Chewbacca x2
Dash Rendar
Talon Karrde
Melas
Mirax Terrik
Wedge Antilles

Effects(15)
Insurrection (SE)
Squadron Assignments (SE)
DODN/WA (SE)
Legendary Starfighter
Honor of the Jedi
Grabber x2
Order to Engage
Projection of a Skywalker x2
Anger, Fear, Agression x4
Battle Plan

Starships(5)
Outrider
Pulsar Skate
Red 2
Falcon x2

Interrupts(19)
HFTMF (SI)
A Few Maneuvers
Rebel Barrier x2
Life Debt
It’s a Hit x2
Punch It x2
The Signal x2
OOC/Trans. Term x2
On the Edge x2
Out of Nowhere
Star Destroyer

Admiral’s Orders(2)
I’ll Take the Leader x2

Weapons(1)
Luke’s Lightsaber	'

Strategy: '

**NOTE** Red 2 is should be Red Squadron 1, okay.

This is a Millennium Falcon deck, hence the title. Since this is a new deck everywhere, Im not going tell what TO do against a deck, but what you are SUPPOSED to do. (Understand? Yknow, not This WILL work but, This SHOULD work.)

First off, a few choices I have made with this deck

Starting WA/DODN I understand no sense/alter may be played, but I also understand the power of grabbers playing for free. So, why not discourage my opponent from playing early SA at the same time?

No Kessel Runs By giving my opponent a drain-2 location right at the start of game along with 2 force icons, I dont have the time for Kessel Runs, especially if Secret Plans is out.

Ill Take the Leader Great against BH ships because it almost guarantees me victory in battle, or I get to kill some characters.

A New Hope Chewbacca Deploying for 4 rather than 5 makes all the difference, plus, should I play against some freaky-TIE cannons, Chewie just roars as the ships magically disappear back into my deck.

Old School Super-Falcon Leia Cost 10, First Strike, Barrier. Nuff Said.

On the Edge So much Tech with 7 side of Objective. Track 2 6s and retrieve 25 cards in incrimants of 5, whenever you want (Play both from hand on your turn, retrieve 10, 1 left in lost pile. On opponents turn or yours, play the one in lost pile to retrieve 5 more cards, making it 15 cards retrieved. Then, draw the remaining one, play it again for 5, 20 cards. Now in lost pile, play it again for 5, making that a total of 25 cards retrieved with 2 On the Edges in 3-4 turns.

It’s Hit All good players know a REAL BIG problem with this deck is giving your opponent the Cantina with no real way to defend it. Don’t try. Just put a ship at Tatooine and play It’s a Hit to cancel the drain. Should they actually want to drain there now, they will have to fight you space and you WILL crush them.

Anger, Fear, Agression Soooo much tech. WYS has a problem with ground, they will do waaaaay too much direct damage and force drains, and your Kessel/Tat/Corellia drain will look pitiful because they won’t battle you in space. AFA evens the odds. Don’t battle 4 times and lose a quarter of your deck, or deploy in space to battle and get barriered, lose 4 (REALLY brutal with Order to Engage). Or, should you be in space, come fight me, or lose 4. This card single-handedly helps this deck to win, it causes direct-damage, or battle damage.

Okay, next

RESPONSE TO REVIEWS

”What about Jabba’s Prize” I know I know, but if you look again you will find that there are 2 Punch It’s as opposed to 2 Life Debts. There is also an ECC Lando, matching pilot of the Falcon, (make sure you use the ship with Squassin). So, should Han be frozen, Lando steps up with Chewbacca as wingman, with the same ability, still 2 smugglers for TPCBALR, and still a target for Punch It and Legendary Starfighter.

”Not Enough Ground Well Duuuh Not being able to effectively use Obi, Orrimaarko, Leia, Tawss, etc. GROUND IS NOT AN OPTION (Excluding Palace Raiders). This deck focuses on space with ground-stoppers.

”Add Figrin” Dude, read the Objective again. If after you STILL think Figgy should be in it, quit.

NEXT

AGAINST

(Your starting effects never change)

HUNTDOWN Since your opponent will no doubt deploy Vader to Cantina first turn (not fearing Ben, and having I Have You Now for Luke), so get set up at Kessel ASAP to even the drain race, then cancel Visage ASAP. From here, you race, boring, but winnable with Its a Hit, Projection, AFAs, and OTE.

BHBM Just set up like its Huntdown, only give them Luke early.

MKOS Get some power to Tatooine so you can play Its Hit to survive early-mid game, Honor for S&D, then use AFAs combined with Order to Engage to give the Bounty Hunters headaches

Court Read Above.

Any Kind of Space Fight Fight Fight Barrier ZiMH then either avoid or kill, whatever you can do, Fighters coming in will help against Ties, make good use of all the destiny adders you have, and use OTE to seal the win (Getting out Legendary Starfighter helps too).

Those are all the decks this deck is prepared for, I feel it could hold its own against This Deal, ISB, Black Sun, whatever. Its solid and fun that requires some skill.

Later---Keith Gen Watabayashi	'