---
layout: post
author: ! Jesus "Savior" Christ
title: ! "TIGIH  Beatdown Post Tatooine"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-05-31
description: ! "This deck uses pure power to beat the opponent everywhere, When Luke, Obi, and Leia are at one site not only are they unbeatable, but they get it on to."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (10)

There is Good In Him/I Can Save Him
Endor Chief Chirpas Hut
Endor Landing Platform
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight 
Lukes Massive Penis
I Feel the Conflict
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Ultimatum
Dont Do That Again, save it for tonight
Draw Their Fire


Locations (7)

Endor
Endor Back Door ,Lukes Sex Hideout
Endor Great Forest
Endor Hidden Forest Trail
Tatooine Docking Bay
Tatooine Mos Espa
Tatooine City Outskirts


Characters (20)

Padme Naberrie x2
Qui Gon Jinn x2
Obi Wan, Padawan Learner w/out Penis
Obi Wan with really Massive Penis
Leia with Tool x2
Chewbacca with Gun 
Chewbacca Protector
Han with Gun x2
Orrimarko
Lando with Vibro Axe
Corran Horny
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Melas
Dash Rendar
Kal Fahl Cndros
Wookie 


Green (3)

Qui Gons Detachable Penis
Obi Wans Shiny Massive Tool
Mercenary Armor


Ships (6)

Independence
Liberty
Outrider
Lando in Millenium Falcon
Tala 2
Red Squadron X-Wing


Effects (7)

Order to Engage
Uncontrollable Fury
Draw Their Fire
Projection of a Skywalker
Bacta Tank
Do or Not Do Combo
Advantage
Close Air Support


Interrupts (10)

On The Edge x2
Insertion Planning x3
Nabrun Leids x2
Houjx Combo
Fallen Portal x2

Other (1)

Anakins Machine
'

Strategy: '

*+_RESPONSE TO REVIEWS_+*

CheezWhiz What do you mean you can’t understand the deck list are you retarded?

Bane Malar When did I say Luke would be in all the battles?

Cyrus Yes I totally agree with you People need TO LIGHTEN UP. And yes I AM Jesus Christ, I Can’t leave this Dam* world for a thousand years and everybodys turned so solemn

--------------END UPDATE------------------
Before the strategy section here are a few descriptions and combos of cards and why their REALLY here ;-).


BACK DOOR-Luke and Qui gon’s Sex hideout the only people with keys are Luke, Qui, Padme, and Leia.

LEIA and PADME-Who else is going to keep all the guys company.

KAL FAHL C’NDROS-Tapes everything that goes on inside the Back Door

QUI GONS DETACHABLE PENIS-so at night he can go to all the nightclubs as a crossdesser with Obi Wan

CORRAN HORNY-Makes Leia get Horny

CHEWBACCA PROTECTOR-Who else is going to protect Leia’s Body from any unwanted visitors?

LANDO IN MILLENIUM FALCON-Has a Satellite so he can hear everything that goes on in the Back Door.

BACTA TANK-Leia likes to look at naked people inside the tank.

NABRUN LEIDS-When Aurra gets pissed Nabrun comes and quickly moves the victims.

WOOKIE-Hairy People are Huge Studs




Ok. Heres the Real Deal.


Most of the cards in the deck are pretty self explanatory. I have played TIGIH since its release and am staying faithful. I believe that its pure power can still outcome other decks. Alot of the characters have permanent weapons also and this really makes the opponent cry.

Well Alot of times the opponent will try and choke you of all force this is one of the problems that comes up in this deck. Their are not too many low deploy cost characters, and could be a problem. In my area people arent that smart though. -). Try and give them LSRS as soon as possible so they can lose 2 force every turn. Ultimatum is an awesome card, cancels all force drain bonuses when you control 3 battleground site or opponents controls non great for all space decks.


Here are some Matchups. 



Endor Ops

Should be Easy with Ultimatum. Just dont let them Get Perimiter Patrol out and running, otherwise you’ll be losing loads of force.


Hunt Down

Ouch. Most likely they’ll attempt to force choke you. This is the hardest matchup, use Nabrun Leids to your advantage.


ROPS

Battle.


AOBS

Same as ROps, they wont be able to capture your mains




I havent played any other decks yet, but email me with any suggestions.

This is my first deck so please put that into consideration when reading.



”The name is Jesus”Savior”Christ. Bow down and kiss my A$$ or you will meet a firey grave.”
'