---
author: Eric "The Duel Boy" Dravigne
title: 'Watch my retrieval'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-03
description: 'This deck let you do your work on Tatooine without having to worry about what your opponent do anywhere else.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (9)
Watch Your Step/This Place Can Be A Little Rough
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94
Tatooine
Podrace Prep
Podrace Arena
Anakins Podracer
Boonta Eve Podrace
Goo Nee Tay

Characters (18)
Luke Skywalker, Jedi knight x2
Luke with lightsaber
Han with heavy blaster pistol
Captain Han Solo
Chewie with blaster rifle
Lando with blaster pistol
Talon Karrde
Mirax Terrik
Dash Rendar
Wedge Antilles
Yotts Orren
Theron Nett
Palace Raider
Ralltiir Freighter Captain x3
Threepio with his parts showing

Effects (6)
Tatooine Celebration
Beggar
Menace Fades
Aim High
Squadron Assignments
Do or Do Not & Wise Advice

Interrupts (20)
A Step Backward x2
Losing Track x2
Too Close For Comfort
On the Edge x2
Changing the Odds x2
Cantina Brawl
Old Ben x2
Out Of Commission & Trans. Terminated x2
The Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach
The Signal x3
Dont Get @#$%y
Punch It

Starships (6)
Millenium Falcon x2
Red Squadron 1
Outrider
Artoo in Red 5 x2

Epic Event (1)
I Did It 

Strategy: 

There is only one rule in that deck: Just stay on Tatooine.
The strategy of this deck is simple, but it works all the time.
I have no locations other than the starting ones; you already have 4 locations for a minimum of 7 forces on your first turn, you dont need more. So the only «0» destiny is the epic event and you get it at the begining with Anakins Racer.
This deck is still unbeated but I did not test it against many decks but I think it can do well in many matchups:

Against Hunt Down: With the arrival of Qui-Gon Jinn and Padme in the Tatooine set, its easier to deploy those Jedi so those Hunt Down decks are almost dead. But anyway Visage doesnt bother me cause I got two Transmission terminated and I can play them four times in the game when the objective flips. Luke will surely be at a battleground site cause thats all I got. With Goo Nee Tay, it will slow down that deck because there an average of 13 to 18 characters in those decks, including almost every time 5 Vaders. So the rest of them must be big characters, most of them cost 2 more to deploy. That will give me time to get Luke some backup in the Cantina. Enough time to flip and be able to draw 2 destinies. If your opponent drains you anywhere else, drop Menace Fades and retrieve with Tatooine Celebration, On the Edge and the Podrace. 

Against Bring Him Before Me: Same game plan. If your opponent plays with numbers and Counter Assault, you can afford to lose a couple of forces since you are retrieving 3 forces per turn ( 2 with the Celebration and 1 with I did it ) that will counter your 3 forces loss in duels...if you lose. Always deploy your guys on your 3 locations and remember to shoot Gury when shes around.

Against This Deal is Getting worse: Same game plan. Deploy Menace fades on your first turn just in case your opponent plays the speed version ( very popular with Im Sorry). I always come up with a biggest amount of retrieving versus force loses with On the Edge and other... If he starts with Secret Plans, make sure ou got your force pile ready for the retrieving, but it will not be that hard because the Deal deck always gives force icons to your side.

Against Space decks: Same game plan Except that you will need to deploy Squadron Assignments fast in the game, and get those guys on Tatooine system, nowhere else. Try to get all your ships out and watch our for Lateral Damage (that wont be a beatdown cause this only targets one ship). When you get those four ships out, you will have an average power of 25, no need to be afraid. Wedge in his ship adds 6 when targeted by Tallon Roll.

Against Tatooine decks and Podracing: try to flip the objective as soon as you can so you will be able to use cards like Losing Track and A Step Backward twice (using the objective) to slow down Sebulba (remember that light side interrupts that are used in podracing are much better than dark side cards). You got good destinies to help you win the podrace (21 cards with 5 or greater). Goo Nee Tay will slow down alien decks and most of those decks dont have more than 4 ships, this will not be a problem to control the system.


Strategy:
3PO is there to give help to Mirrax ability, and to make tracking, retrieving and podracing easier.
If your opponent is retrieving force using new Tatooine effects or if he wins the podrace (it never happened yet!) play Aim High.

I think I dont have anythink else to explain, cause this decks is simple to play.
Have some fun, Eric 