---
layout: post
author: ! Markus "Lone Gunner" Wuest
title: ! "Allein wegen der Sicherheit    "
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-13
description: ! "Forgot about ISB......? Not me"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (6)

Coruscant Imperial Square 
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber 
Jabba’s Palace Lower Passages 
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace  x3

Characters (22)
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle 
Boelo 
Chall Bekan 
Dengar With Blaster Carbine 
Ephant Mon 
Gailid  x2
Guri 
Jabba  x2
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand  x2
Mosep 
Outer Rim Scout  x8
Prince Xizor 

Starships (4)
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth 
IG-88 In IG-2000 
Jabba’s Space Cruiser 
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 

Interrupts (12)
Abyssin Ornament  x2
Defensive Fire & Hutt Smooch 
Imperial Barrier  x2
None Shall Pass  x2
Prepared Defenses 
Projective Telepathy  x2
Shocking Revelation 
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down 

Effects (14)
Den Of Thieves 
First Strike 
Hutt Influence 
No Bargain 
Power Of The Hutt 
Presence Of The Force  x2
Scum And Villainy  x2
Secret Plans 
Sunsdown & Too Cold For Speeders 
There Is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement 
There’ll Be Hell To Pay  x2

Weapons (1)
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber 

Objective (1)
ISB Operations/Empire’s Sinister Agents  '

Strategy: '

Forgot about ISB?

I thought i give my old ISB-S deck another try and updated it with the new cards. I think it has a good chance against the upcomming WYS decks, because it almost shuts down all their drains on Tatooine while giving you some good drain potential at interior sites, where no patrol craft or whatever vehicle shows up. 


Starting stuff Square, Prep D., Power of the Hut, No Bargain, Secret Plans...use POTH to download the characters and
Hutt Inluence, Use Secret Plans to search Shocking (check if you activated TJabbas Palace). Goal is to get some heavy
drains going at the Audience Chamber and the Lower Passages and in case Jabbas Palace. Gailid and the Flip side of the
Objective will give you drains of 3 at those sides (make it 4 with POTF). To protect your drains use the barriers and 
None Shall pass.


Against WYS

You shut down their drains on Tatooine (except Cantina). So the only real problem will be the drain at Kessel, but you have Bargaining Table, feel free to use it to chancel the Kessel drain Along with your retrieval (S with First Strike, 
ISB flip side, AO on ORS), this deck can provide a good matchup against the current WYS decks. Use the push card to grap Harvest


Hidden Mains / Y4 Mains

I never lost to those decks with the old version and i believe the new version hasnt got any problem with them to. If you put some early pressure on your opponent, using the big drains, they will be in trouble. HM and Y4 mains need some time to setup their activation, so if you hurt them early they will be in big trouble. They will try to establish a presence at JP, so use your barriers and none shall pass wisley. If they are running On and Off the Edges, grab the recycling sixes (like Throw me.. and and Fall of a legend)


EBO

Same as HM and Y4 mains early pressure will be the key to win against EBO. Against Swarm S would be handy, but you only got 60 cards you can use....Use the high forfeit of the ORS to reduce your battle damage to the minimum and then retrieve them via the Objective.



Projective Telepathy use it to retrieve with S / First Strike and then chancel the battle

Sunsdown/Too cold... Just in case somebody plays Patrol Crafts with WYS..plus your spies deploy -1

DF/Hutt Smooch Protection against UC spies

Dengar with Blaster Carbine good to shoot down nasty vehicles
Hutt Influence just to make sure you drains wont be modified or chanceled

As for Revo I havent seen any Revo in the last 4 month, so i dont fear revo...

Thats all, have fun with it...and give it a try    '