---
layout: post
author: ! matt "Tasa" wehner
title: ! "Boo Boo Kitty @#$%"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-09-06
description: ! "This deck activates a lot and lets you do what you need to do.  Oh, and it wins."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Watto Obj.
Watto’s Junkyard
Mos Espa
Preparred Defenses
Imperial Arrest Order/Secret Plans
There Is No Try/Oppressive Enforcement
Power Of The Hutt

Locations(5)
Tatooine
Tat. Jabba’s Palace
Jabba’s PalaceAudience Chamber
Jabba’s Sail BargePassenger Deck
Tat. Mos Espa Docking Bay

Characters(19)
U3P0
Lord Vader x2
Darth Maul(Tat) x2
Watto x3
Prince Xizor
Guri
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Mara Jade
Dengar w/BoomStick
IGGY w/Riot Gun
4LOM w/Boomstick
Dr. E & Ponda Baba
P-59
Boelo
Ephant Mon

Ships/Vehicles(7)
Jabba’s Sail Barge
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1
Executor (Dag.)
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Maul’s Infiltrator

Interrupts(10)
You Are Beaten
Trample
Jabba’s Through With You
Twi Lek Advisor x2
Neimoidian Advisor x2
Weapon Lev x2
Sniper/Dark Strike
Omni Box/It’s Worse

Effects(9)
Blast Door Controls
Bad Feeling Have I
No Escape
Come Here You Big Coward
Search and Destroy
There’ll Be Hell To Pay x2
Tat. Occupation

Weapons(3)
Vader’s Stick
Mara’s Stick
Maul’s Stick

'

Strategy: '

Okay.  Everything should be sorta selfexplanatory (sp??).  

Locations-Tat system for the Tat. Occupation (got that idea from the other Watto deck in the top 10).  Use Neimoidian Advisor to get out your Jabba’s Palace, then use that to pull the Chamber.  Use Power Of The Hutt to get Jabba’s Sail Barge (it’s a TANK) and the passenger deck.  The docking bay is there so you can move around a little and not be locked at Tat. 

Characters-Basically just deploy characters and lock locations.  Guri beats WYS and you can hold the Audience Chamber against Profit with Boelo and Ephant Mon.  I don’t feel Hidden Base cause of my air patrol, but you may want to through in a Hutt Influence to character your drains don’t get beaten/canceled.  Thrawn is badass in the Dag. Executor (which your obj can get you to deploy for free.

Vehicles-Your Sail Barge and AtAt’s become TANKS  Especially with Trample.  You should own space, but look out for Power Pivot.  

Interrupts-You Are Beaten is gay, but wins games.  TwiLeks for the effects, Neimoidians for the system and for the Jabba’s Palace.  Sniper/Dark Strike is huge.  Weapon Levs to find your sticks.   I’ve seen people using It Could Be Worse to kill the damage from the obj., slaughter them with It’s Worse if they do, since you activate SOOO much.

Effects-Blast Doors is tech against barrier cause I’ve seen people letting you deploy things for free then just barriering it, might as well stop that)  Bad Feeling just cause.  No Escape cause you need to cancel Honor; another way of making your obj. not work.  Two grabbers to fight the dumb stuff being played now, and especially to fight against WYS - keeps the interrupts outta their lost pile.

You don’t have to play for the Tat. Occupation.  Just do it if it comes along.  Basically, own  your two locations, drain a lot and then put down Occupation if they ignore you or something.  
Enjoy,
Matt '