---
layout: post
author: ! James "Capt Pellean" Sowden
title: ! "ISB Beat Down On CC"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-24
description: ! "This deck is a massive force drain beast. People think that force drain is usless now, but because of this most people have taken out menace fates and plus no one expects an ISB deck or a massive force draining one"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (4)

ISB Operations/Empire’s Sinister Agents 
Coruscant 
Twl’lek Advisor 
Crush The Rebellion 

Characters (21)

Lord Vader
DVDLOTS
Grand Moff Tarkin 
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle 
4-Lom With Concussion Rifle 
Zuckuss
Mara Jade
2X-7KPR (Tooex) x3 
Djas Puhr
Admiral Ozzle (ISB)
Captain Sarkli (ISB)
Veers (ISB)
Corporal Oberk (ISB)
Chall Bekan (ISB)
Lieutenant Renz (ISB)
Lt. Pol Treidum (ISB)
Corporal Vandolay (ISB)
Probe Droid (ISB)
Chyler ISB) 

Starships (8)

Executor 
Devastator 
Avenger
Tyrant 
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
OS-72-1 In Obsidian 1 
OS-72-2 In Obsidian 2 
Obsidian 7 

Effects (15)

Dark Deal x2 
Cloud City Occupation 
A Real Hero 
Dark Jedi Presence 
Reactor Terminal 
I Have You Now 
Expand The Empire 
Sunsdown x3 
Alter  
Control x2
The Empire’s Back

Weapons (3)

Luke Seeker 
Darth Vader’s Lightsaber
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

Sites (9)

Bespin x2 
Bespin Cloud City x2 
Cloud City Downtown Plaza 
Cloud City Casino 
Cloud City Upper Walkway 
Cloud City Port Town District 
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber

'

Strategy: '

This might be an old deck but no one expects you to play this. Basically the point of this deck is to control cloud city and force drain your opponent to death. First Get at least Bespin and one other CC site and 4 ISB agents and this is not hard to do. If you have more sites you spread the ISB agents out more. By this time you should have your objective flipped and now you are ready for some massive force drains, but you say force drains are useless cause of Menace Fates, well in my experience most people don’t play with that card cause they don’t expect a tone of force draining but you will show them for their over confidants and boy will they suffer for it.  First if you wanna get some big force drains going you need get Port Town District down with 2 other sites on either side and put down expand the empire down so you can force drain plus 1 on either side and your aliens are deploy -1. Once this is down back up your people on CC and if your opponent is force draining for a fair amount take Vader and Tarkin and one other good character and open up a can. If that is not a problem concentrate on getting your Dark deal out and Cloud City Sector. With this you will be able to play Dark Deal and Cloud City Occupation and you will start force draining them for a lot. Use Crush The Rebellion so they can only draw a max of 2 destiny on cloud city plus you can get rid of those pesky clash of sabers. The most I ever forced drained with this deck was about 30 including Cloud City Occupation down and I won by 35. You only need 3 sites down to do that well I force drained at Bespin and the sector but not for much. This Deck has won 2 tournaments out of 2.
'