---
layout: post
author: Jason "Mr. Black" Herrin
title: 'Cool Runnings II'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-08-05
description: ! 'With some of the requested changes everyone was asking for.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (2)
Corellia
Kessel

Characters (16)
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Captain Han Solo
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Chewbacca, Protector
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Talon Karrde X2
Mirax Terrik X2
Dash Rendar X2
Wedge Antilles
Threepio With His Parts Showing X2
Artoo X2

Weapon’s (11)
Luke’s Lightsaber
Fire Extinguisher X2
Mercenary Armor X2
Blaster X2
Landing Claw
Quad Laser Cannon
Intruder Missile X2

Starships (5)
Millennium Falcon
Outrider
Pulsar Skate
Z-95 Headhunter X2

Effects (4)
Kessel Run
Tatooine Celebration
Order To Engage
Honor Of The Jedi

Interrupts (11)
Out Of Somewhere X2
Sorry About... & Blaster Proficiency X3
A Few Manuevers X2
It’s Not My Fault X2
Wookie Strangle X2

Admiral’s Orders (3)
No Question’s Asked X3

Starting (8)
Watch Your Step
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Tatooine System
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Your Insight Serves You Well
Squadron Assignments
Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice '

Strategy: '

Numerous changes have been made to the deck in response to the requests made by reviewers.

Turn 1- Deploy Corellia Or Kessel From deck. If you can, drop threepio to use his text. Hold smugglers in hand until you can get two at a site. If you play a ship and pilot remember to use the pilots text as well (specifically Mirax).

Turn 2- Pull the last remaining system in your deck and deplpoy. Opponent should be getting the start of a good force going now. You should be able to deploy your two smugglers from hand to your site and flip. Hopefully you have Han Or Chewie with Talon.

Turn 3- It all Starts to happen now. Opponent will more than likely begin bringing the fight to you now. Fortify a location and heavily utilize the game text of your admirals order.

From this point on you should be able to deal with most threats as they occur. I will now discuss individual card choices in the deck. This is in response to the number of people wanting to know why I built the deck the way that I did.

Out Of Somewhere-It’s a fun card in this deck. "Well darn I don’t have another smuggler at the cantina," and my opponent drops Darth Vader there and battles. "Oh what’s this? Out Of Somewhere? Chewie to go with Han from the reserve deck?" Well that takes care of that. "While your at it add It’s Not My Fault and Wookie Strangle."

Landing Claw- Order To Engage. Direct damage baby

Mercenary Armor- Big bonus in this deck to get power +3, armor 4, and Immunity less than 3 It’s just swinging with the Blasters. Bam Draw a 3 for free and Blaster Prof. It for good measure. Plus most of the destinies are more than three, so you’ll be taking out some dark jedi just for kicks. There’s just way too many cool things to say about the armor

A Few Manuevers- Want to get that Kessel Run done really fast? Here you go then. Plus TIEs with SFS 9.3 are a lot easier to beat with it since you get to keep your ship on the table more often.

Intruder Missile- Why you ask? It plays on 4 of your 5 ships. Recirculates it self back into your deck by using it, and is DESTINY 7 Very cool.

Why so many of the same admirals order?- Well thats a good question... answer? Destiny 6, it kicks butt in this deck, and destny 6 It pretty much works better than more interrupts.

Fire Extinguisher?- Why 2 of them? It cancels battles, Lateral Damage, and Ion Cannon effects.Using this card opens a big ol’ can on your opponents hinnie. Plus it’s  a destiny of 5.

Quad Laser Cannon- Shoots things. Duh.

Wookie Strangle- SOOOO much fun to use. And because there’s 2 of them you get to use them 4 times when your flipped.

For deck Matchups see the first posting of this deck, Cool Runnings. Thanks. '