---
layout: post
author: ! brad "swccguy" eier
title: ! "its been a while"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-13
description: ! 'some oddball "tech" if you will combined with a decent objective and its tat helper card.  lmk what you think, i havent tested it much yet'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'objective (1)
this deal

sites (5)
carbonite chamber
chasm walkway
west side gallery
bespin cloud city
bespin

characters (18)
dlots x 2
ds2 emperor x 2
maul x 2
mara jade x 2
guri
xirox
thrawn
chirano
ig88 with gun
4lom with gun
wb tarkin
janus
dr.e combo
admiral piett

weapons (3)
vaders saber
mara saber
maul’s half saber

ships (7)
os721 in obsidian 1
os722 in obsidian 2
zuckuss in ship
fett in ship
bossk in ship
chimaera
executor

aos (1)
black sun fleet

interrupts (12)
tallon roll combo x 2
imperial command x 2
weapon levitation x 2
twilek
i have you now
you swindled me
prepared defenses
monnok combo
sniper combo

podracer (1)
sebulbas podracer

effects (12)
restricted access x 2
you cannot hide forever
securiity precautions
battle order
im sorry
crush the rebellion
secret plans
cc occupation
dark deal
search and destroy
there is no try/oppressive
'

Strategy: '

update i’ve been thinking of putting in the incenerator for another site, so you can retrieve your droids.  a lot of people think the activation in this deck is bad, but it’s ok. turn 1 activate 3, drop your 2 sites, drop the cloud sector. turn 2 you activate 9 on your own, which you can work with.  i think this activation is better than other things, cause twix’s get messed up by WYS, db’s get killed by the anti mob points card, and most of the sites are drain-1 if the opponent jumps on them early.  in playtesting i’ve found that a lot of the time you just play it like a normal mains and toys deck.  this can do a decent beatdown if you set it up right.

well this isnt the first or last dark deal deck you’ll see but it looks solid.  first off you start crush, im sorry, there is no try, and secret plans (with the objective).  now you have anti sac, anti-retrevial, anti-beatdown, anti-swarm, ect and can pull your sites for setup of dark deal.  now you try to flip your objective and get high drains and direct damage going.  

the problem with dark deal is menace fades.  i gotta credit blair and his hoth walker deck at screwy.net, it gave me the idea to use black sun fleet.  for those who don’t know, it lets bounty hunter ships move in control phase.  so what you do is move to where the opponent is, so menace fades isn’t in effect, then you drain.  pretty cool.

another is activation.  i haven’t played the wys insert deck yet so i’m not sure how it would go.  i do know that the restricted access are in here to combat it.  also you swindled me is cool if you get it early.  you could add more of it.

no matchups cause vs every deck you wanna setup drains/damage, and win. battle of you need to.  best advice is stay on cc as much as possible.  make them come to you.

lmk questions or comments, thanx   '