---
author: anthony "yodap" payne
title: 'Squadron Attacks v 4.5'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-08-19
description: 'This is the fixed version of v4. Hidden base is now added, as well as a few other new cards.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (5)
Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip Through Your Fingers
Rendezvous Point 
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Draw Their Fire 
Squadron Assignments 

Locations:
Chandrila 
Coruscant 
Dantooine 
Endor 
Home One: War Room 
Hoth 
Kiffex 
Rendezvous Point 

Characters (23)
Admiral Ackbar 
Biggs Darklighter 
Bren Quersey 
Colonel Salm 
Derek ’Hobbie’ Kilivan 
Dutch 
Elyhek Rue 
Hol Okand 
Jek Porkins 
Keir Santage 
Lieutenant Lepira 
Lieutenant Naytaan 
Lieutenant Telsij 
Luke With Lightsaber 
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber 
Pops 
Qui-Gon Jinn 
Ryle Torsyn 
Theron Nett 
Tiree 
TK-422 
Tycho Celchu 
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader 

Starships (15)
Gold 1 
Gold 2 
Gold 3 
Gold 4 
Gold 5 
Gold 6 
Home One 
Lando In Millennium Falcon 
Red 10 
Red 2 
Red 3 
Red 6 
Red 7 
Red 8 
Red 9 

Interrupts (5)
A Few Maneuvers  x3
Balanced Attack 
Heading For The Medical Frigate 

Effects (7)
Battle Plan 
Draw Their Fire 
Haven 
I’ll Take The Leader - Admiral’s Order 
K’lor’slug 
S-Foils 
Squadron Assignments 

Weapons (1)
Qui-Gon Jinn’s Lightsaber 

Objective:
Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip Through Your Fingers 


Strategy: 

Ok, i now have Hidden Base in there, and a few other cards that were suggested. So, take a look, see what you like. Tell me whats wrong. Y’all really need to actually give a reason for your good/bad ratings. Don’t just say cool, and rate it 4, say why it’s a 4. Please???

Now, on with the deck Strategy:

First the starting cards and their use:

Hidden Base: 
First Side Text:
First Side Text: [Deploy Rendezvous Point. Place a planet system (with a parsec number from 1 to 8) from Reserve Deck face down on your side of table (not in play)| that card indicates the planet where your "Hidden Base" is located.] {While} this side up, once during each of your deploy phases, may deploy one system from Reserve Deck| reshuffle. Opponent loses no more than 1 Force from each of your Force drains at systems and sectors.  {Flip} this card any time after you have deployed five battleground systems and your "Hidden Base" system.
Second Side Text:
Second Side Text: {While} this side up, to draw a card from Force Pile, opponent must first use 1 Force. For each battleground system you control, you may cancel one opponent’s Force drain (limit twice per turn). You may not deploy any systems. At each system opponent occupies during any deploy phase, opponent may ’probe’ there by placing one card from hand face down beneath that system.  {Place} out of play if "Hidden Base" system is ’probed|’ Dark Side places ’probe’ cards in Used Pile (and may retrieve 1 Force for each Probe Droid used to ’probe’
Use: First off all, with the amout of ships in this deck, this helps get systems out so i can spread out my fleet, and drain. Also, once flipped, i can cancel 2 force drains, and who dont like that? :) Don’t have to worry about the no deploying systems after fliped, cause i only have enought to flip in there. (don’t really need more than what i got.)

Heading for the Medical Frigate:
Text:USED: Add 1 to your battle destiny just drawn. STARTING: Deploy up to three effects if each of them deploys for free, is always immune to alter and has "deploy on table" (or "deploy on your side of table") in its game text. Place interrupt in lost pile.  
Use: This brings out Squadron assignments,and draw their fire.

Squadron assignments:
Text: Deploy on table. During your deploy phase, you may reveal one unpiloted starfighter from hand to take its matching pilot character into hand from Reserve Deck (or vice versa) and deploy both simultaneously| reshuffle. (Immune to Alter.) 
Use: Well, this is usful. Every ship/pilot in the deck, has it’s matching ship/pilot. Thus every turn, as long as you have enough force, you can get a new ship out there. This shouldn’t be too hard to do.

Draw their Fire:
Text: Deploy on your side of table. Whenever a battle is initiated, player initiating battle retrieves 1 Force and defender loses 1 Force. Also, during a battle you initiate, each time opponent plays an interrupt, opponent must first use 1 Force. (Immune to Alter.) 
Use: With how easy it is to get ships out, this can help, cause yo can start battles often. It also limits use of interupts against you. Be careful!! this can be used against you, if you are not careful.

First thing you do, is start getting your systems out there, dont worry too much about deploying things, as you probably wont have enough force to do alot anyway. Save it up. Get your systems out there and flip Hidden Base. Once you have it flipped, you can start doing the rest.

At this point, you should have enough force saved up to start deploying ships/pilots every turn. Once this is done, you can start force draining, as well as canceling force drains. Make sure to have a few ships at each systems, or you can quickly die. 

Some of you are probably still thiunking that i will get my @#$% kicked on land. Well, you could be right, but then again, Do you really think Qui Gon, Luke and Obi-wan are going to get their asses wooped?......i dont think so! And, if needs be, you can just use some pilots on ground (though i dont recomend it.) If yo can get the three jedi out quick enough, you can kill anyone deployed as they come, before your opponent gets a chance to build up enough power to have a chance against three jedi, and three lightsabers.

Now, i must say, this deck could probably get it’s @#$% kicked against a dedicated DS space deck, but do you know anyone who actually plays a deck like that?? I dont, most people play a mixture of space and land. Some play space, but not many playa aspace deck that is build to protect against this.  