---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "The Rattler" Schiemer
title: ! 'Schiemers Hidden Mains and Ships'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-22
description: ! 'Powerful enough to hold  a system and powerful enough to hold a site, just sit back with menace fades and battle plan and take your opponents drains of 1. I mean, youre gonna retrieve it anyways'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting stuff

hidden base
hidden base marker
rendevous point
hftmf
insurrection
squass
strike planning

Locations

dagobah
hut
endor db
endor
h1 db

Ships
millenium falcon
red squadron 1
outrider
red 7

Weapons
anakin’s saber
luke’s saber


characters

3x jedi luke
3x obi w/saber
2x leia /saber
2x captain han
chewie protector
corran
orrimarko
tawss khaa
dash
wedge, rsl
elyk rue
general calrissian
owen + beru (good ground character)

interupts
sorry about the mess+blaster proficiency
4x ooc/tt
clash
barrier
2x weapon lev
3x on the edge
2x fallen portal
insurgent planning
2x signal

effects
order to engage
menace fades
battle plan
ounee tah

admiral’s orders
2x I’ll take the leader


Cards I want to add
61. staging areas
62. do or do not/wise advise
63. projection of a skywalker

I prefer fighting on endor with strike planning but for those who like this deck on tatoine, these are the changes needed.

-endor
-endor db
-strike planning
-general calrissian

+tatoine
+tatoine db
+staging areas or dodn+wise advise
+lando w/vibro ax


'

Strategy: '

Edit Playing versus abyssan swarm can be a tough match so I would now recommend using the version of this deck on tatoine so you can move your guys to his jp sites and get in their face with order to engage. They will be constantly retrieving and cancelling your  drains so you need to be able to fight back and do some damage.The tough decision is using the spaceport db or the tatoine one.

End of edit

These are things I want to stress about the deck.

-General calrissian is not what I use to get out falcon from reserve deck. I use my captain hans for this. Lando is just a really good EXTRA falcon or outrider pilot that I can pull.

-I always have at least two ships and at least 7 ability at each system so I will not be caught off guard

-I do activate enough. I give myself 11 force and my opponent will always give me at least 2 force. This is enough for secret plans and so on. Staging areas would help but not much since my starting line up of 3 effects is packed. I also give my opponent only 3 force which is not too bad for light side decks these days.

-I have no sac protection because anyone crazy enough to play it with all the wys decks out there is probably not one of the good players. If you do face sac(BHBM) then set up your ships and a force at a db. Use run away techniques with menace fades if you get it out . They will have a small package of characters and starships if they are playing sense and alters so just try to kill their characters. Wait until late game to play interupts after they have losst a lot to their objective and your drains at endor. They probably will lose some of their   senses and alters since you arent playing anything targetable. 

-pulling crix mading and scouts doesnt work so dont even mention it.

Now that you have heard the important imformation and reminders, just play the deck smart and like a normal hidden mains. It is a very versatile deck that will very rarely lose if played right.Enjoy.











































































'