---
layout: post
author: ! Alexandre "Lord Kenobi" Dufresne
title: ! "Their Is Good In Him with Beat Downs v.3"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-09
description: ! 'This just your normal Their is Good In Him deck. Is is really that normal?????'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (10) 

There is Good In Him/ I Can Save Him 
Luke Skywalker Rebel Scout (Don`t have Jedi Luke) 
Lukes Lightsaber 
Endor Landing Platform 
Endor Chief Cirpas Hut 
Heading For The Medical Frigate 
Strike Planning 
Draw Their Fire 
Do Or Do Not & Wise Advice 
I Feel The Conflict 

Locations (10) 

Endor 
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay) 
Endor Rebel Landing Site 
Endor Hidden Forest Trail 
Endor Great Forest 
Endor Chief Chirpas Hut 
Home One War Room 
Home One Docking Bay 
Kessel 
Rendezvous Point 

Characters (20) 

EPP Han 
EPP Leia 
Luke with Lightsaber 
General Calrissian 
Dash Rendar 
Mirax Terrik 
Obi- Wan with Lightsaber 
Wuta 
General Crix Madine 
ASP- 707 X2 
LE- BO2D9 
Treva Horme 
Baragwain x3 
Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout 
Chewbacca or Kashyyyk 
Corporal Beezer 
Admiral Ackbar 

Starships (6) 

Outrider 
Pulse Skater 
Gold Squadron 1 
Home One 
Spiral    
Lando In Falcon 

Weapons/ Devices (6) 

Lukes Lightsaber 
Intruder Missiles x2 
Ewok Catapult 
Portable Scanner 
Bionic Hand 

Effects (12) 

Squadron Assignments 
Do Or Do Not & Wise Advice 
Draw Their Fire 
Staging Areas
Strike Planning 
I Feel the Conflict 
Yarna d&#8217; al&#8217; Gargan 
Honor of The Jedi 
Frozzen Assets 
Bacta Tank 
Civil Disorder 
Order To Engage 

Interrupts (7) 

Anakin Skywalker 
Prepared Defenses 
The Signal x3 
On The Edge x2 

Objectives (1) 

There is Good In Him/ I Can Save Him 


'

Strategy: '

UPDATE.........

I made a mistake on the deck list, you start either Draw Their Fire or The Do Or Do Not & Wise Advice not both the other starting card should be staging areas. 

End update.........

Start either Staging Areas or the Do Or Do Not & Wise Advice Combo, depends on what you opponent starts with.  

Starting cards are listed above in the deck list.

This deck uses the Baragwains and other cards like ASP- 707, Treva Horme and the Devices/ Weapons to slow down your opponent. 

Use ASP-707 to place devices on your used pile for when you draw battle destiny or a On The Edge destiny, because then unless your opponent makes you redraw more than once you can get a good destiny and retrieve up to 6 cardes, or cause your opponent to suffer a attrition of 7. 

Treva Horme and Frozen Assets help slow down your opponent and stop him from doing those 1 turn beatdowns, where he saves up for 1-2 turns and then deploys lots of stuff. During your turn if the opponent has 7 or more cards in his force pile play frozen assets on it. He cant use those cards the next turn. (yay). Then on your next turn after Frozen assets has been removed from the tale, use Treva Horme to sell a card to the opponent and make sure the cards has a high destiny like 7 then he must use 7 force to buy that card. From the Frozen assets thing, he should have 7 or more force there. He then gets mad after that after wasting 1-2 turns worth of force. He will have had 7 or more force in his force pile for 1-2 turns and now it will be useless This really hurts the dark side strategy of the 1 turn beat down. 

You use the Portable Scanner to pull devices and weapons from your reserve deck and then use them for your destiny and other stuff. 

When you must loose force, just loose a weapon or device, as your baragwain can retrieve it from the lost pile. Even during your opponents turn

For The YT-1300 Transports and the Ralltiir Freighter Captains, they help you out by allowing you to draw destiny if not able to otherwise, provided you have deployed the Ralltiir system. These cards are not necessary to win battles, but help out as the Freighter captains + Ralltirr System + a YT- 1300 transport with the Freighter captain on it and combined with the Baragwain trick means massive force loss for you oppoent from your 7 attrition. 

Why so few ships, because with the the baragwain trick and the Ralltiir sytem + the YT1300 ships and the Freighter captains you will get at least 1 destiny at any system with a Freighter Captain and you can use the power of the Outrider to hurt your opponent even worse. As the outriders game text allows you to add up its total power and then reduce you opponents power by that amount. 

Against those Bring Him Before Me deck, those monster destiny draws, you get with help from the baragwains who can rig your destiny. Vader won’t be able to cross Luke.  

Why on the Edge??

Well if you lose 1 or 2 Baragwains or more force than they could handle, just lose some other unimportant stuff and then just use on thew edge to get it back as you will always have at least 1 Baragwain on the table. Also your opponent most of the tome wont waste his time killing a little Baragwain when you have other characters at that site like EPP Leia and others. On The Edge also helps you, when you loose characters from a battle do to attrition or death. 

Bacta tank is in their to help you when you loose an important character other than Luke, just place them here. Luke if lost can be retrieved with the Bring Him Before Me objective, however if your opponent doesn’t use that objective, consider who goes here and who gets lost more carefully.  

The Spaceport Docking Bay, should be deployed to Ralltiir. Deploy only to another system if your opponent is using a deck, where you feel it’s necessary to do so. Only deploy it if you have the cards to protect it from being captured by imperials, as then they could force drain you. (Not like 1 or 2 force matter, with On The Edge and Baragwains)

Use Wuta to get out your Endor sites, so you can start the Beating and draining. Staging Areas, the Objective and Strike planning take care of the rest.

When deploying stick to Endor so you don’t get smacked by your opponent, if deploying to his site. If you deploy to endore, then he must come to you and you can instead smack him with beat down. Always keep 1 Baragwain at a safe site, so as never to loose all of them. 

Strike Planning pulls Madine, who pulls Chewbacca, who then pulls Wuta, who gets out your Endor sites. 

For Space, just deploy your ships to the Rendezvous Point for –2 force and then move them to Ralltiir or Endor. Concentrate an Endor and only deploy elsewhere if its to law a beat down on him or stop a force drain. Always make sure when moving to another system that you have enough cards their to draw a destiny. 

This deck against friends has gone 8-0 and some of those players do good at tournaments, and others don’t do much tournament stuff. The ones who do good usually are in the top half at the tournaments. 

Normally I have had bad deck skills and never do to well at a tournament, but since I started using this deck, I have been winning with monster victories like 10, 17, and even 25. 

This deck may not look like much but it can win by large amounts as listed above. 

NEW INFO.........

I added some new stuff like Spiral, Order To Engage, Lando in Falcon etc. 

I removed the YT-1300 Transports and the Ralltiir Freighter Captains as they were not that usefull, as the other pilots can add a Destiny by themselves. 

Why so few destiny 7 cards?

Well this deck was short on space and you only need 4 destiny 7 cards, as used correctly they are very effective against your opponent. 

Why the extra Lando in ship and EPP luke?

Well I put luke in in case you loose him and can`t get him back without alot of trouble and the extra Lando is in their as most Their Is Good in Him decks that I have seen use extra copies of the good ships. 

Why no extra mains?

Well with tour 4 destiny 7 cards and the Baragwains/ On The Edge and Bacta Tank, you can save or retrieve most of what you loose in a couple of turns. Also, most of the mains have low destiny numbers and just take up space in your deck and having extras can cause you to draw one for destiny and then get a low number and maybe even loose the battle. 

I took out Ralltiir and added Kessek, as Ralltiir was just in their for the Ralltiir Freighter Captains and the YT- 1300 Transports and without them Ralltiir wasn’t needed. Kessel gives you one force and you opponent 2 and if you control it you can drain your opponent for 3 force instead of 2

Why no Tala 1 or 2 and pilots?

They are not needed in this deck as the other ships like Home One, Outrider etc. can hold their ground in space and make your opponent wish he hadn’t started a battle

I will update this deck in the future after my next tournament.

Sorry about not removing the old strategy stuff for the Freighter Captains and YT1300 ships.   '