---
author: sancho "dasho22" accorsi
title: 'Jedi Senators Fight for Peace'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-09-01
description: 'super sweet senator deck with jedis to fight the oponent off. Control the game with sense, alter and your objective.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Start (7):

Plead My Case/ Control the Oponent
Coruscant: Galactic Senate
Coruscant: Jedi Council Room
HFTMF
Security Control
Menace Fades
Brisky Mornin’ Munchin’

Locations (4): 

Coruscant: DB
Naboo: DB
Naboo: Theed Palace Courtyard
Naboo: Theed Palace Throne Room

Characters (25): 

Yoda, Senior Council Member
Master Qui-Gon
Qui-Gon Jinn x2
Mace Windu
Ki-Adi-Mundi
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Obi w/saber
Luke w/Saber
Han w/gun
Supreme Chancelor Valorum x2
Queen Amidala
Sei Taria
Mas Ameda
Tendau Bandon
Horrox Ryder
Liana Merian
Sabe
Sache
Phylo Gandish
Shmi Skyalker
Threepio with Part Showing
Jar Jar

Starships (3): 

Lando in Falcon
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Learder in Gold 1

Weapons (4):

Qui-Gon’s Saber x2
Obi’s Saber
Luke’s Saber

Effects (1):

Thrown Back

Interupts (16):

Control/ Tunnel vision x2
Sense x3
Alter
Rebel Barier x2
Nabrun Lieds x2
A Jedi’s Resiliance x2
Mindful of the Futer x2
Out Of Nowhere 
Hyper Escape



Strategy: 

Responce to reviews:
It was mentioned that Jar Jar will not work because the destiny is not ultra high. But the fact is, that he does work almost all of the time, and if you read all of this, you will understand that threepio can set up the draw.

Some Reviews have stated that the destiny in this deck is low, which may be true, but remeber that when I flip all the senators are destiny plus 2. Also remeber that with Shmi and Threepio, you can choose your destiny. If you all think I should add a trafic control to try to balance the destiny, tell me. Also tell me what to take out for it.

I understand that it would be better to have anothr Luke JK and maybe some of the other jedis from coruscant, but I dont have them and I dont have the money for them.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I orinaly decided to make this deck because I wanted to use all of these new cards, and I didnt think it would have much potential as a good deck. But now I have proven myself wrong. This deck can realy take out the oponent just with the power, the activation and the cantrol.

Early: First turn, search for Yoda and put him out to the Council Chamber. Deploy a DB from the reserve and draw the last card (unless you need it for rebel barier or someting). Next you want to put out another DB and some more characters to another site or two. Use Brisky Mornin’ Munchin’ to put Jar Jar with some of your characters. Try to stay consentrated on a few sites, for now. Remeber to save a few force for Jar Jar and Barier. Dont get caught of gaurd by the Council Chamber and Yoda. Back him up, because t is not as safe sa it may seem.

Mid: spread out with some of the more powerful characters, and drain for what you can. Now is when you will flip the objective. dont forget to use the objective flip side’s text to start to cantrol the oponents hand. Use Thrown Back for some extra help. Battle with your jedi’s and jar jar. Jar Jar can be a real strong character if played righ. Team him with Shmi and Threepio to rig your draw and you can get some powerful caharacters out of the way.

Late: Continue to control the board. Minimize thier hand size and batle their weaker sites. Dont get caught in someting you dnt want to be in. In other words, dont get trapped by attacking a lone character, only to get some interupts sprung on you. Sense will help, but be ready. By now they will not have enough out to stay alive, and you will soon win the game. 

Card Choices:

Menace Fades: Not to hard to set up with your start, and helps a ton against some decks.

Brisky Monin’ Munchin’ and Jar Jar: This fool may not seem so powerful, but hecan realy help. use him to get rid of a few key characters and perhaps the oponent battle destiny from ability. Along with fighting of some of their ability characters, what about droids. take any of them out.

2x Supreme Chancelor Valorum and no Palpy?: First of all, I dont have a Palpy, but also, I think the Supreme man is better. he has a great ability to cancel batle destinies. If I had a palpy, I would Put him in, But I dont.

Mace Windu: Set up your own little Naboo occupation with Amidala in the majority and mace safe in the council. 

Amidala and Maidens: Amidala you know (I just said), and the Maidens are in there to protect her (duh).

Shmi and Threpio: thas combo can set up what your next draw will be. Great with Jar Jar and jut in any battle.

Star ”fleet”: Just in there to hold off one system at a time. Many of the senators have abilities that will help in space, and you have A few interupts to help.

Thrown Back: along with the flip side, you gan get their hand int not so much. This helps to just control what they can do.

Control Tunnel Vision: with out many cards that I can searh for, this realy helps out. Activate a ton and get the best card and put it out.

Sense/Alter: sense is a great card and it helps a ton in some cases, gets rid of the barier, or what ever. Alter on the other hand is not as useful, only because all of the effects nw adays are inume, thanks to HFTMF and prep. d. I am aware that a grabber could hurt, but I have never seen one played.

A jedis Resiliance: Just helps to bring back the not-so-strong EPPs and even the ultra powerful Jedi from time to time.

Mindful of the Futer: Reusable  5 that gets out the sites that you normaly cant get out.

Nabrum Leids: helps it any situation.

Thats all! Hope this deck works for those of you who try it, and thanks for reading. Advice is welcome as well as wanted, thanks again, Dasho22     