---
layout: post
author: ! Darth Vader "The Dark" Lord of The Sith
title: ! 'Suck It Terrorists!! The Senate OWNZ YOU!!'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-12-25
description: ! 'I hate Osama bin Laden. I know you do too.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting
My Lord, Is That Legal?/I Will Make It Legal
Twi’lek Advisor
Den Of Thieves
Coruscant Galatic Senate
Tatooine Marketplace

Characters
(Senators)
Passel Argente x2
Toonbuck Toora x2
Yeb Yeb Ademthorn x2
Tikkes x2
Baskol Yeesrim
Edcel Bar Gane
Orn Free Taa

(Non-Senators)
Gardulla The Hutt x2
Chokk
Ghana Gleemort
(Cloud City) Boba Fett
Televan Koreyy
Jodo Kast
Wittin
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Guri
Ortugg
Sebulba
Niado Duegad
Jabba The Hutt

(Non-Unique Aliens)
(Tatooine)Jawa x2
Abyssin x2
Gammorean Guard

Effects
Senate Hovercam
Motion Supported
Reactor Terminal
Accepting Trade Federation Control
This Is Outrageous

Interrupts
Alter & Collateral Damage
Alter x3
Sense x3
No Civility, Only Politics x2
Kintan Strider
Abyssin Ornament & Wounded Wookie

Weapons
Disruptor Pistol
Assualt Rifle

Creature
Womp Rat

Vehicle
Tempest Scout 3

Locations
Tatooine
Tatooine Junland Wastes
Tatooine Jawa Camp
Tatooine Desert Landing Site
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Audience Chamber
'

Strategy: '

NOTE This is a beginner’s deck, I’ve had this deck for 2 days and needed some advise, I have a specific strategy for almost every card choice, here they are 

CARD CHOICES

Two Gardullas?? What the *%&# are you thinking?

Well, I used to have decks that would be pretty good, yet they lacked good force retrieval, and most on my cards are 2-4, so there’s a slim chance of getting a 1 or 0. I made this deck as a regular paced deck, which it is, and as a defensive draining deck. I threw in the Marketplace in to for retrieval. When it come to the extent of my defensive apporoach, I played against a "T-47 Hoth EBO Assualt" deck, and I NEVER went to Hoth, I stayed and spread out on Tatooine, with higher defenses toward the docking bays. I use Den Of Theives to cancel high drains and use This Is Outrageous to cancel high drains as well. I luckily packed some Senses and got good draws and cancelled almost all of them.

Chokk

	Once again, defense, on most decks, some weapons placed in decks are made to hit defense value 3 cards. Also, power 7 when defending in a battle, which is what I’m planning for. If present with Jabba, Wittin, Televan Koreyy, or Ortugg (if with the Gammorean Guard or Ghana Gleemort), they are forfeit +2, which is useful. Weapon destiny advatage is also cool, and a destiny 3 card makes him pretty good fro a defensive deck, also considering the text.

Ghana Gleemort

	I kinda like this guy, power 5, ability 2, destiny 3, and a warrior. Pretty good stats for an uncommon. He gives Ortugg the leader text if he’s present with Gleemort. His force generation bonus is cool is opponent is playing an all-alien WYS or high Profit or the Jabba’s Palace Sealed deck objective (I forgot what it’s called.) He also is defensive, you can lose 1 force to cancel a force drain at adjacent site. SO if Luke with Luke’s Lightsaber and Jedi Obi with stick are giving you a problem, cancel it for just 1.

Boba Fett

	Don’t mess with Boba Fett, Jango Fett’s cool and so is Boba Fett and Jodo Kast, I like the Mandalorian characters. (FYI When the Episode II packs come out, I’ll probably be the first one with Jango Fett.)

Televan Koreyy

	Jabba’s power +1 and so is Gardulla with this deploy 0 alien. If he’s alone at the Cantina or the Marketplace, he draws one destiny if not able to otherwise, which is pretty cool. Forfeit 5 if Chokk is out.

Jodo Kast

	See Boba Fett. (See it anyway)

Why Wittin with no Jawa Pack??

	I am embaressed to say, of all of my 43,234 cards, I don’t have a Jawa pack, don’t ask me why. Could use it though, if I had more Jawas. When at the Audience Chamber or the Jawa Camp, Jawas are power +2, which is cool, if they all are out, that’s power 10, with both Jawas and Wittin at the Audience Chamber with Gardulla and Jabba chillin there.

Niado Duegad

	Power 2, Ability 3, don’t mess with the little guy. His text is what’s cool, power 8 if you save 3 force after every turn just in case.

Guri

	Just seem to like Guri. When Vader’s not out, opponent only gets one destiny. Power 6, though deploy 6, yet I like her stats, hard to his armor 5 is hard for most blasters, after all, Xizor paied 9,000,000 credits for her.

Ortugg

	Once again, more forfeit means less stuff leaves the table. Simple as that. He’s forfeit 5 if Chokk out.

Sebulba

	Another favorite character, and anything that gets rids of the worst character in Star Wars that is the Antichrist for all Star Wars characters because he’s so &*^% annoying, Jar Jar Binks.

Jabba The Hutt

	Can pull him out from the Audience Chamber. Forfeit 9, power 4 if Chokk and Televan Koreyy are out.

Darth Vader With Lightsaber

	Next Question Please

Non-unique aliens

	The Jawas shall replace the Abyssins when I buy more Tatooine packs, I bought around 30 and only got 2 Jawas, don’t ask me why.

Senate Hovercam

	Force generation +3 is great, so I had to put this in, It’s free and a destiny 3 card which is good Alter bait.

Political Effects

	Can’t play with out em’

Reactor Terminal

	I abuse this card, you can draw 20 cards and search for that one card you need, then put them all back next turn, abuse the gameplay of this card

Alter and Sense

	Now that above would have been a great combo card. When it come to Alter and Sense, as Brian Hunter said "Sense and Alter are no longer optional."

No Civility, Only Politics

	I use this card like crazy, Here’s a scenario, place down Passel Argente, Edcel Bar Gane, Baskol Yeesurim, and Orn Free Taa, use this car, take one into hand. Then if This Is Outrageous is out, place that same senator down on it to cancel a high force drain, then deploy back down.

Kintan Strider

	Lost a senator you need to flip, retreieve him.

Abyssin Ornament & Wounded Wookie

Use the ornament near the end of the game and you’re gonna get drained for 4 at a site, take a non-unique alien into hand and then drop it on Den Of Thieves. Boom No drain of 4.

SOME GAMEPLAY NOTES

	-It’s really only necessary to use This Is Outrageous and Den Of Thieves useless you’re getting hit hard, use them.
	-This deck is highly defensive, it will probably be a drain race if you break through your opponent’s lines.
	-Always pair the right cards together, leave Wittin and the Jawas with some card and leave them chillin at the Jawa Camp, while Chokk, Televan Koreyy, Jabba The Hutt, and Gardulla The Hutt are chillin at the Audience Chamber.

Thank you.
'