---
layout: post
author: ! Neil "ORS Killer" Goodacre
title: ! "Your input please   "
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-05-11
description: ! "Scum retrieval.  Ships from reserve.  Character removal."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)

Court Of The Vile Gangster

Locations (6)

JP  Audience Chamber
JP  Dungeon
Tat  Pit of Carkoon
Tat  DB 94
DS2  DB
Rendili

Characters (22)

Mara Jade, The x 2
Mighty Jabba x 2
Chall Bekan 
Boelo
Ephant Mon
Prince Xizor
Snoova x 2
Guri x 2
Boba with Gun x 2
Iggy with Gun x 2
Jodo Kast x 2
Dr E & Bonda B
4-LOM with Gun
Outer Rim Scout x 2

Creatures (1)

Sarlacc

Ships (5)

ZiMH
BiHT
DiPO
Stinger
Jabba&#8217;s Cruiser

Weapons (3)

Mara&#8217;s stick
Stun Blaster
Vibro-Ax

Effects (12)

TINT & OE
All Wrapped Up
Scum & Villainy x 2
SaD
TBHTP x 2
Mob Points
Secret Plans
First Strike
YCHF
Battle Order

Interrupts (10)

Prep Def
Twi&#8217;Lek Adv x 3
Masterful Move
Hidden Weapons
Jabba&#8217;s Through with you
Defensive Fire & Hutt Smooch
Ghhhk
Omni Box & It&#8217;s Worse
'

Strategy: '

Okay, let me make a point.  I dont expect this to get 5 stars.  I dont care  I want good, constructive feedback with suggestions of how to refine this deck and bring it up to speed.  If youre not prepared to do that, then please dont bother wasting my time and yours with silly remarks.  Thanks.

Any way, heres a Court scum deck like we used to see in the good old days.  The principle is pretty simple, but I will explain a few cards to clear stuff up.  The idea is to battle and retrieve, and remove LS characters from the table to win fights more convincingly.  Heres how

Start Prep Def for TINT&OE and Mob Points.  All Wrapped Up is my default starter.

Mob Points  good one this  Deploy Rendili first turn.  Thats more generation.  Use the text of COTVG to pull a bay (preferably Tat) and place a guy there.  You dont lose to the objective, and get more generation next turn.  From then on, you can deploy ships from reserve.  If opponent is in space, jank ships out of reserve and spank him.  If not, hold Rendili and play Battle Plan.  When you have Scum and Villainy going (which is usually second or third turn) ships deploy less and you retrieve a shed load for the pleasure of beating your opponent  You can set up a wicked ship retrieval loop like this

Guri is tech.  Against WYS she can bring the lock, hence theres two of her.  Only one of her ship, but I can pull it from reserve, and even if shes not on it, its cheap forfeit fodder you retrieve with Scum and Villainy.  She deploys free aboard.  Only one destiny for opponent, and adds one destiny on her ship.  Yowza

Mandalorian Crew  Boba and Jodo are money.  Boba has a gun and adds destiny with Jabba.  Both can play Hidden Weapons, which is a fun way of killing Luke.  Jodo is a good substitute for Guri, cancelling destiny.  Jodos gun text is money, use a stun blaster on him for destiny +3 = leave the table now.  Pull the gun with JTWY, or add destiny with that, whichever

Alien Leader crew  No brainer.  Add destiny, cancel destiny, restrict destiny, cancel battle damage.  Boelo seems to fit well here

ORS  pilot Jabbas cruiser or Mist Hunter.

BH Droids  Nuff said.  Capture, walk over to Sarlacc, drop captive in.  Smile.

The rest  Obvious I would say.

Basically Scum is cool, you retrieve, and as long as your retrieval minus loss exceed opponent’s retrieval minus loss, you win

Match ups

WYS Kessel Run

Kill the ships.  Drain downstairs.

WYS Harvest

Capture Owen & Beru.  Feed to Sarlacc or imprison.

WYS Beat down

You do the battling, 6 force swing, remove characters from battle, multi-destiny.  Win

At least thats the theory.  Advice please

'