---
layout: post
author: Damian "Jamintheeye" Loback
title: 'Lets win the race and turn HIM'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-12-22
description: 'Well the podrace is huge even with the shields the deck is made to pull shield while having fun battles with the new r3 but I wont buy any new stuff.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

 
Locations
Endor: Back Door
Endor: Chief Chirpa’s Hut<Starting
Endor: Landing Platform<Starting 
Kessel
Tatooine: Podrace Arena<Starting

Charaters
Corran Horn
Dash Rendar
General Solo
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Leia With Blaster Rifle x2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight<Starting
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber x2
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Epp QUI
Lando, Scoundrel	
Chewie, Enraged

Weapons
Luke stick<starting

Starships
Home One
Outrider
Red Leader In Red 1
Red Squadron 1

Red
A Jedi’s Resilience x2
A Step Backward x4
Clash Of Sabers
Double Agent
Fallen Portal
It’s A Trap!
Out of Commission & Transmission Terminated x3
Podrace Prep<Starting
Rebel Barrier
Too Close For Comfort x2
Tunnel Vision x2
Anakin’s Podracer<Starting
Bacta Tank
Beggar
Goo Nee Tay<Starting
Honor Of The Jedi
I Feel The Conflict Starting
What’re You Tryin’ To Push On Us?
Your Insight Serves u well combo
Battle Plan combo
We wish to board at once x2
Colo Claw Fish

OBJ and Stuff
Boonta Eve Podrace<Starting
I Did It!
There Is Good In Him/I Can Save Him<Starting
An Unsual Amount Of Fear< Starting 


Strategy: 

Well the deck is Podraced based But can deal with the losing of the podrace like I said the shield pulling is what the deck is about.

First i know begger is dead but look they use 2 shield first come here u big coward the drain and retrivel.then  the racing shield. But thats only one left they always pull the grabber or the plans shields. so begger is now tech.


Ok Game play keep luke in the hut until u get either some stopper card or some charater back up. U get 6 force right of the bat and with the opponent giving u know 2 to 4 icons u get epp beats down first turn to start stacking cards.

With this deck i always control 2 to 3 battle grounds. It rules when they dont come to kessel and u drain for 3 each turn. 

Yeah the shield i almost froget

wise
Ultimatum
onee ta
He can go about his bisnass
Do or do not
a close race
Aim High
Grabber

Anyways the deck is hit and run drain and just win deck

I dont care for the stragety really the deck has gone a total of 15-2 in turney play 


Match ups

Hunt down bad game for the deck the only 2 loses to the deck because i had to play some hardcore guy really good solid huntdown but it was only by 2 when i had 3 cards stack and pull a 5.


Others u can deal with because u can just hit and run while ur destiny adders are built in and just draw like 2 to 3 destiny and battle while drawing above a 4 most of the time if u can track ur deck and not depend on luck.
Thats why I also pack Colo Claw Fish awsome tech.


While i just like to have fun with the decks i make while winning i agree that yeah epps are not as great as they once were but hell just have fun the new stuff cant handle the old school ways.

Well peace 
I know my words are jumbled but hell thats disgrapha for yeah.
If u want to rip on me d mail me or aim me
Deckmaker12
email the great aol Deckmaker12
Enjoy and keep improving decktech
swccg is almost gone so keep donin it   