---
layout: post
author: ! Rypcord "Rypcord" Kline
title: ! "The Watch is Talking..."
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-11-01
description: ! 'Tazz’s Watch is Spanish. Stone Cold’s Watch is English. This is a Cheese deck.'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (6) 
Coruscant Jedi Council
Podrace Prep 
Boonta Eve Podrace 
Tatooine Podrace Arena 
Anakins’s Podracer 
Seeking An Audience 

Locations (3) 
Tatooine Mos Espa 
Tatooine Hutt Trade Route 
Tatooine Lars Farm 

Characters (5) 
Artoo 
Mirax Terrik 
Owen and Beru Lars x2 
Naked Threepio

Vehicles (20) 
Rebel Snowspeeder x14 {the good ones}
Sandspeeder x6 

Interrupts (17) 
A Step Backward x5 
Harvest x2 
How Did We Get Into This Mess x5 
T-47 Battle Formation x4 
Too Close For Comfort 

Effects (8) 
Draw Their Fire 
Incom Corporation x2 
Maneuvering Flaps 
Never Tell Me The Odds x2 
Savrip 
Yarna d’al Gargan 

Epic Event (1) 
I Did It 
'

Strategy: '

[EDIT Take out the 2 Incom Corporations for 2 Tatooine Qui-Gons. Forgot to change it when I decided to change to the Council. Thanxs.]

This is a NON-REFLECTIONS III Deck.

For those wondering how I got the name, its from WWF {good quality stuff, though ECW was better.... but thats because their’ EXTREEEEEEEME}.

Anyway on the show, Stone Cold has a talking watch. Tazz said he did too, but his was Spanish. Stone Cold’s luckily is English, I don’t know what we would do if it weren’t English 
=^)


This deck is STRAIGHT CHEESE. Mainly, what it does is simple. You begin with the Race and the Council. This way, you have a great starting activtion of 5 force without your oponent’s help. This is a great advantage.

First of all, you win the podrace at all costs {like all LS decks}. The Step Backwards should defenitly help out with this one.

After you win the race, its time to insert. Use the inserts for damage. The Mess’s help get the Inserts to the top quicker.

Then, you set-up the Lar’s Moisture Farm with, of course, who else, the Lars. Here you force drain, and you retreive with the Harvests. 

And then of course, you always have I Did It, which is the greatest Epic Event ever.  '