---
layout: post
author: Quirin "el-diablo" Fuergut
title: 'SYCFA-Manipulator/Odds'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-12
description: ! 'Well this is mainly a fun Deck, but I am looking for some advice to improve it.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective(1)SYCFA

Starting(7)
Death Star
Alderaan
DDB
Prepared Defenses
Do Or Do Not/Oppressive Enforcement
Mob. Points
Battle Order

Characters(9)
Emperor Palpy x2
M`iiyoom Onith x3
Tech Morr x2
DVDLOTS
Vader w/stick

Blue(7)
Executor
Boba in Ship
Bossk in Bus
Zuckuss in Hunter
Dengar in @#$%ing One
Dreadnaught x2

Interrupts(23)
Ghhhk
Scanning Crew x7
Imperial Barrier x2
Limited Resources x3
Masterful Move x2
Monnok x3
Its Worse
Set For Stun
Always Thinking x2
Twilek

Effects(9)
Dark Odds x3
Presence of the Force
Sec. Precautions
Lateral Damage
Grabber x2
Bad Feeling Have I

Locations(4)
Kashyyyk
Kiffex
Carida
D War Room '

Strategy: '

First of all the concept should be pretty simple
If opponent plays with much Grabber, femals or Shocking Information you loose.
Otherwise you should win.So first turn before you activate get Carida or Executor from Reserve Deck with Mob. Points then deploy either Emperor or Onith to the Docking Bay, deploy War Room from Deck and play Scanning Crew to look at his hand (the chance of getting these cards is very high) get his main down.Now you know what he has so you can make your plan.If it is his only Character you have won if Onith is at the DB.The one thing you have to do for the remainder of the game is stop his mains.Well now you should have enough time to get Onith, Empy and another guy on table.Also deploy systems and forfit space.Insert Odds, and he will be lookiong forward for a lot of Direct Damage.This is mainly all I can say about it, now for the cards

Onith - a gamebreaker on its own.Well you get at least 11 force on you own  at second turn.So you have Monnok if he draws up and Scanning Crew.What more can I say, its just manipulation.

Limited Resources - wins you late games.when he has only 2 or less cards in his hand this card will kick his ass.

Set for Stun - You gotta love this card.Well he gets Super Falcon with Squadron Assignements you track Stun Han play Lateral Damage and ... Game Over.

ALways Thinking with your @#$% - stops some guys who avoid your Manipulation, mainly aliens(Scanning Crew) and femals(Onith).It is one of the fun cards ,too.

Monnok - fear X-Wing swarm beatdown???Well then keep looking at his hand and if he gets to much duplicates kill em.Also good to reduce Hand Size for Onith.

Odds - ok you use Vader for stopping scrubs, so if Odds pops up your Destinies are like 10-15.This is a huge Force Loss and combined with Its Worse against It Could Be Worse its always fun to watch him cry.
--------------------------------------------------
Now for the Matchups

EBO - that is really funny.Keep killing his guys on hand, so he cant deploy EBO.get your big ships out and battle wisely.Battle Order helps, so does Odds.He hasnt too much guys so you will easily so if you can manage it to stop all his guys, odds will completely kill him.

Hidden Base - Get Sec. Precautions, probe systems, but try to probe not his base till end and sit Exe and Boba at Kessel and Kiffex for example when there is not the base and probe there.Once again Odds and Battle Order hurts him.

Any kind of mains - should be easy if he doesnt play to much of the hated cards.Otherwise easy win.

Aliens - kill em with Onith and try to do some Beatdown wioth Vader.Ships and Battle Order should help you.Probably hardest Matchup.


Well thats all I think, so rate the damn @#$% and give me some advice.I also have no Refl 2 cards in there because I still havent got and couldnt playtest them.But I think Oppressive/Do Or Do Not is pretty easy to understand.
'