---
layout: post
author: ! Jason "Mr. Black" Herrin
title: ! "Power of fear Hunt Down II"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-09-13
description: ! "Solid mains and drains with a twist."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi...

Epic Event (2)
Epic Duel
Boonta Eve Podrace

Locations (6)
Executor Docking Bay
Holotheater
Meditation Chamber
Death Star II Docking Bay
Podrace Arena
Mos Espa Docking Bay

Characters (16)
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Lord Vader
Darth Maul X2
Emperor Palpatine X2
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand X2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Janus Greejatus
P-59
P-60

Weapons (3)
Maul’s Lightsaber
Darth Vader’s Lightsaber
Mara Jade’s Ligtsaber

Starships (1)
Maul’s Sith Infiltrator

Effects (10)
Watto’s Box
They Will Be No Match For You
Visage Of The Emperor X2
The Phantom Menace X2
Dark Forces
Drop
Secret Plans & I.A.Order
Disarmed

Interrupts (20)
Start Your Engines
Prepared Defenses
Dioxis X2
Force Field X3
Podracer Collision X3
The Circle Is Now Complete
Vader’s Obsession
Force Lightning
Young Fool
Maul Strikes X2
We Must Accelerate Our Plans
Twi’lek Advisor X3

Podracer (1)
Sebulba’s Podracer
'

Strategy: '

This deck gives the best possible threats to the opponent quickly and cleanly. With 2 possible starting strategies this deck continually holds opponents in a state of apprehension. I’ll outline the best possible start scenarios versus several different deck matchups first.

Start 1
Hunt Down
Epic Duel
Med. Chamber
Holotheater
Prepared Defenses
They Will Be No Match...
Secret Plans & I.A.Order
The Phantom Menace

This start is good versus decks that start the race traditionally and even those that don’t to some degree. The first thing to look for when you start this configuration is do they start the race with a retreival hoser like Aim High? If so then this is a good choice. One reason for this is that they will usually have dedicated more of thier deck to winning the race then some other deck types. So its best to choose to minimize potential loses then to maximize your own damage, and in doing so helping your opponent win. This is also a good start versus a Profit deck. Profit will tend to come out a little slower than you and run the race. In order for the race to be an effective weapon you must use it first turn. And using Your pods game text to iliminate the opponents first draw can be a bad idea, because that schedules thier next draw to automatically be three and pick two. So when you start without the race be wary of any aditional damage modifiers or retrieval engines in the opponents deck. This start also maximizes defense against little swarm decks 
and scout/trooper decks. This is also the best start against the Council/Senate decks that are popping up around the country these days. 

Start 2
Hunt Down
Epic Duel
Med. Chamber
Holotheater
Start Your Engines
Sebulba’s Podracer
Boonta Eve Podrace
Podrace Arena
Watto’s Box

This start gives you the edge on direct damage and retrieval of cards lost early to Visage. Will usually turn the opponents strategy on its ear. This works best with those non-interactive drain and insert decks and gives you the all important early advantage. Continued pressure usually causes your opponent to crumble to your offense. Again it is strong versus decks that normally don’t interact well. QMC, TIGIH/Scouts, Hidden Base, MBO, DBO, EBO, and even the varied Jedi pile decks out there these days. In an environment where speed is of the essence then this is your ideal starting configuration. Although both starts help in figuring out an opponents goals this one will upset fast set up the most.

The Golden Rules-
Leave at least three force in your force pile when you can. Trust me, you’ll understand when you play the deck.

Never miss an opportunity to damage your opponents deck, even if it is only one card.

Don’t get carried away and charge blindly after winning a couple of battles. You’ll walk right into an opponents trap.

Know what your cards do AND what your opponents cards do better than they do.

Play Style- 
This deck aggressively attacks the opponents deck as well as the cards they have on the table. The 3 podracer collissions prove essential in ridding you of a threat posed by an opponents combo cards. It searchs well and is quite easy to track destinies in as well. In giving Maul the ability to duel the opponents episode 1 jedi off the table this deck has become a force to be recognized . It clears threats easily and controls in very few turns, maximizing the potential to drain and win the game more often. With the addition of the infiltrator this deck can actually cause the opponent a great deal of difficulties  in space as well. Gone are the days of being afraid to probe the opponents hidden base because they parked thier whole fleet there to dilver the final beat down. Now cloak and go. On the ground this deck is extremely aggresive and damaging to the opponent.

Another point worth mentioning is knowing when not to fight. Although this deck excells at battle it can most certainly be beaten by some quite common cards. You learn to be able to discern your opponents hand. What kind of deck are they playing? Does it use a certain kind of card? Does that card pose a threat to you? If the answer to the last 2 questions is yes, move your characters away. Prepare and build your hand. If they like to SAC try some minor skimishes and draw out the offensive cards to bring them where you want them to be. Then when you either have an unbeatable force and hand or you think the opponent has nothing left to oppose you with move in for the battle and fully utilize the text of ALL your cards involved. This is the leading reason I see people lose a game.

As usual with a Hunt Down Deck get Vader to Battle ground site and flip. This deck institutes a fantastic force choke on the opponent from the start. Only 2 sites you deploy will give them ANY force at all, so take advantage of that. Use all your search capabilities to get what you need on the table to begin the heavy loses. Again I mention that for the race to be effective it must be started the first turn. If you forget to draw you only help your opponent in the long run. Because thats another turn they have to try to get the pieces of the combo they need to kill your deck outright. Be aggressive I don’t know how often I can say it, but it won’t get any less true. Anyway, that’s the basic layout of the way the deck (or the way that I play it) opperates.

Matchups-

WYS- Race If they have tremendous amount of racing in the deck you’ll eat the 11 so just don’t let them get ahead. Collission them into submission and continue to drain at the cantina. The word that best describes this match is FORTIFY.

Profit-Start the race and deploy Mara and Dr.E. & P.B. to the audience chamber. Then bring in some of your heavier hitters to clean up with. If you can get them to flip first turn then do so and screw thier retrieval engine.

Council- The jedi council can’t take all the interrupts and damage that this deck throws at them all game long. The race is only the first nail in their coffin.

RST- This is a fun fight and a challenging one too. You can pretty easily keep them from blowing the bunker, but you’ll lose a lot of cards making them lose battles. Attrition versus this deck is ugly, sometimes wiping out an entire scout troop. Darth Maul is great here, but not alone

Hidden Base- You’ll really see why Maul’s ship truely rules the skies. Race and hit the drains on the ground and this game will not be as tough as you think it will be.

Hyperdrive Generator- This deck is flexible but not great. It too easily dies to its own limitations. Not even close to the flexability of WYS. Only real advantage of this match is how quickly you’ll win and be able to grab a sand wich before your next match.

QMC- This deck can be beaten be plain old careful playing. Thier interrupts are what keeps them going. (hint)

The Base Decks- These are not much of a threat.The only one that gets really ugly is EBO. Just keep that in mind and try not to worry.

Senate- Just draw a battle destiny at the senate and they’ll lose a lot to attrition. Its pretty easy to bea these guys up, no matter where they run to.

TIGIH/Scouts- Controlthem with maul and drain and kill with the others all over. Maul WILL need to take out Luke.

It’s very late in the evening so I think that’ll be all for now. If anyone has a stick up thier butt about the deck just don’t review it. Thanks folks and have a good evening. '