---
layout: post
author: Brian "Buccaneers" Speight
title: 'Bad@$$'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-10-02
description: ! 'Bad@$$ describes it all.  This deck whoops on the opponent.  And just like Martin Akesson said, you dont have to flip to win.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start 9
You Will Be Destroyed
Jabba’s PalaceAudience Chamber
TatooineJabba’s Palace
EPP Han
TatooinePodrace Arena
Podrace Prep
Goo Nee Tay (ALWAYS start)
Ani’s Racer
Boota Eve Podrace

Characters 14
Ben Kenobi x2
EPP Obi x2
EPP Luke x2
Threepio with Parts Showing
Corran Horn
Captain Panaka
R-3P0
EPP Han
Boussh
Lando w/Axe
Qui-gon Jinn

Ship 1
Artoo-Detoo in Red 5

Sites 2
Home OneWar Room
HothEcho Command Center (War Room)

Epic Events 1
I Did It

Weapons 2
Obi’s Stick
Panaka’s Blaster

Interrupts 28
Courage of a Skywalker
Sorry About the Mess/Blaster Profiency
A Step Backwards x4
OOC/TT x2
Run Luke, Run
On the Edge x2
A Jedi’s Resilence x3
Control/Tunnel Vision x3
Too Close For Comfort x2
Sense x2
Double Agent
Gift of the Mentor x2
Don’t Get Corky
Were You Looking for Me?
Lost in the Wilderness
I’ve Got a Bad Feeling About This

Effects 3
Honor of the Jedi
Draw Their Fire
I Hope She’s Alright '

Strategy: '

Update 10/5----
As of 1042pm Eastern Time, this deck made it into the Top Ten.  Please help me get this sucker higher, so everyone can see the power of PodProfit.  Thanks, Brian

Update 10/3-----

Drop R-3P0 for another twix.  That way you activate 12 by your self + what the opponent gives you.


Martin-You can also exclude Tarkin.  I mean, when you are battling them you can pick who you want to exclude.  I was just giving a example.  Also, I made this deck for my area and NO ONE uses Wipe them out, All of them.

Treeplanter-I don’t need to activate a million.  MKOS loses to this always.  Fast HD, drop Boussh and if they stupid make Vader go missing with Lost In The Wilderness.  Just play smart, and right and you will win.

Rushe-PodProfit is not mediocre.  I don’t care about Zuckuss, he doesn’t do anything when I have no one in space.  The ship is in there for Luke or someone else to do damage in space.  If you didn’t know, ...Or Be Destroyed says ”At any Battleground LOCATION”.  So, if you want to put Luke in his ship and occupy a system.  Luke dies, okay use Resilience to get him back.  It is so easy.  Just use your Brain. Thanks

End update------

Yep, ANOTHER PodProfit, but this one has a twist...

Alright, first thing you do is win the race.  You can use Were You Looking For Me to get Threepio, who tracks and gets you A Step Backwards or Too Close For Comfort (whatever comes up first.)Also, you can DRAW or use C/TV to get your race interrupts.  You don’t have to use Threepio.  Then after you win the race, drop I Did It and get your beatdown ready.  

Here is a ideal situation, and actually has happened a lot  They start 2 Aliens there, let’s say Mara w/Stick and Dr. E.  Okay, not bad.  So also on their turn, they drop some more scrubs their and wait.  Okay, then they lose 6 to the race and you retrieve whatever damage they did.  Drop I Did It and get out Draw Their Fire.  Next turn, they plop a Vader and Tarkin in their.  Okay, fine.  Your turn, you have some saved and drop Ben Kenobi and his saber, EPP Luke (with Courage in your hand if playing a HD), Lando w/Axe, Corran Horn, and Qui-gon.  Your power is mid 20’s theirs is mid 30’s.  Play I’ve Got a Bad Feeling About This.  Retrieve 1, they lose 1.  Double Agent Mara Jade.  They swing at Ben, but you use Too Close For Comfor.  You exclude Dr. E.  They have no more hitters, so you chop Vader.  Make him lost via SATM/BP.  Now all you have is a Grand Moff Tarkin in the chamber.  So hit him w/Panaka, they lose 2.  Play Gift of the Mentor to add 2.  You get 4 destiny, they get none.  You draw a 6,6,7, and 5 (via Threepio).  Okay, that is game because they can’t play Ghhhk, and the overflow is crazy.  Shake your opponents hand and you win by 30 or more.

Now, that may seem odd to happen, but trust me it happens a lot.  Threepio does it all for you. 

What about them get a Saber on Mara and a Saber on Vader and moving out to Tatooine Jabba’s Palace?  Well, I see their reasoning behind that because they can’t drain in the Chamber nor at the Podrace Arena.  So what do you do? Drop Boussh and their FAT drain of 4 is gone.  So until you win the Podrace, you essentially have a ’lock’ on them.

What about Space decks?
What about them?  They lose to this everytime.  6 to race, I retrieve 6.  I Hope She’s Alright burns a hole in them, and after you release Han and retrieve 5 more, Direct Damage cleans them out.  You also have 2 On the Edges, use them.  Plus, you have Control/Tunnel Visions to keep the Chiraneu drains low.  Retrieve, track with Threepio, rinse and repeat.  Any good player could beat a space deck with PodProfit.

2 EPP Lukes?
I don’t have a Jedi Luke.  Plus, I like the versatility of EPP Luke.  He cleans out 2 characters and you can use Resilience to get him back for another attack or for Profit damage.  He is better than Master Luke because you don’t need a Saber for him and I don’t want to put back a Alien, I won’t to kick his @$$.

What if Han dies or gets hit?
That is what Ben Kenobi and Too Close to Comfort are for.  Just play smart and he won’t die.  Plus, if he does for some reason (like Sniper/Dark Strike, then you can Sense it) or you have another one.

When you play PodProfit, or my version at least, you can do what you want to.  Sit their, win the race and play offensively or defensively.  I don’t care, just do what you want to.  That is why I am not going to go into strategy sections.  Just play smart and do what you think is right to help you win the game.  

I wanna get this sucker in the Top Ten, so please give me a good review and let me know what you don’t like about it.  Just D-mail me.  Also, I made this deck for MY area, not for any DPC or big tournament.

Thanks,
Brian Speight      '