---
layout: post
author: Stephen "Texan" Beckham
title: 'Training in Texas v2'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-15
description: ! 'This is an update to my training deck I use to counter hunt down and scum.  Let me know what you think.  It is a train to three.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (6) 
Mind What You Have Learned / Save You It Can 
Dagobah 
Heading For The Medical Frigate 
The Way Of Things 
Strike Planning
Staging Areas

Locations (7) 
Dagobah Jungle 
Dagobah Training Area 
Dagobah Yoda&#8217;s Hut 
Home One Docking Bay
Tatooine Docking Bay
Endor Docking Bay 
Endor Back Door

Characters (16) 
Yoda 
Leia With Blaster Rifle x2
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol x2
Luke With Lightsaber 
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x2
Ben Kenobi x2 
Lando With Vibro Axe 
Tawss Khaa 
Corran Horn
Chewbacca, Protector
Orrimaarko 
Melas

Jedi Tests (3) 
A Jedi&#8217;s Strength 
Domain Of Evil 
Great Warrior 

Starships (3) 
Liberty
Spiral 
Home 1 

Effects (5) 
What&#8217;re You Trying to Push On Us? 
Order to Engage 
All My Urchins x2
Wise Advice 

Interrupts (18)
Move Along
Control/Tunnel Vision x2
Glancing Blow
Out of Commission/Transmission Terminated x2
Rebel Barrier x 2
The Signal x2
Fallen Portal x2
On the Edge x3 
Throw Me Another Charge 
Fall of the Legend
Run, Luke, Run

Weapons (2)
Obi-Wan&#8217;s Lightsaber
Luke&#8217;s Lightsaber
'

Strategy: '

For those of you wanting to know who I will train, it will preferably be Melas.  I would wait a turn if it meant getting a Tunnel Vision and getting him in there.  Tawss, Corran and Orrimaarko are too cool IMHO to give up.  If playing a Scum you can train Orrimaarko as backup and against Hunt Down I make Tawss my backup pull if I am having problems.

This deck is designed counter scum and hunt down decks.  You will want to draw up as much as possible early game to get the cards you need.  I have made a little trick here that I think might just work well enough to hurt scum.  Deploy All my Urchins to where you have decent power and deploy Order to Engage to opponents side.  If they attack you, they lose the force they would have gained.  If they do not attack you they lose three force.  This should lead to them attacking you and getting the beat down that they deserve most of the time.  Also if you barrier the characters, would they not lose three force for not attacking in the turn?  I may be wrong about this but it is a thought.

I think people are looking at the deck list and wondering why I have The Way of things.  Well if you do not start it you may never pass jedi test 3.  Even with the high destiny it can take forever to get someone trained.  So I use that, it is auto-competed and you do not have to chase test two around everywhere.

Things to remember
Abuse your jedi test.  Getting test 1 and 2 might be hard to get done at first but remember them and use them.

Cards to Add
Sorry About the Mess/Blaster Proficiency
Endor

Early Game
Pull Yoda to deploy to the Hutt first turn and the home one docking bay and deploy them all.  Then pull a ability four character (preferably Melas) into hand so you know he is there and is okay.  Next turn pull the training area, test 1 and another docking bay.  Deploy Melas to Test 1.  Next turn get it accomplished hopefully then pull and deploy test 2 to the Jungle and move there.  Next turn finish test 2 hopefully, deploy test three and it is done.  Try to pull your Wise Advise either by drawing or by Signals.

Mid Game
You should have your tests done by this point.  Go to them with Urchins following you and drain them with sabers and groups.  They will be forced to come after you at this point to slow you down and then they lose to Urchins.  Just run around and battle at places your Urchins are not at.  That should lead to enough force loss for them.  Try to pull out as many effects as possible.  Order to Engage and Staging Areas will be key at this point.

Late Game
Battle out their remaining characters and force them to run away and lose to order to engage.  Retrieve what all you can with the cycling sixes.  Runs pretty much like a mains deck at this point.

Matchups
VS Hunt Down
Keep Courage and Run Luke Run in hand.  Remember your test three here.  It can be vital to winning.  IF you have tracked destiny go for the courage, if you do not I would run from the first one.  Make them lose to the Urchins and Order to Engage.  That should equal some heavy force loss.  Fallen Portal will be your lifesaver in this matchup.  Just site back and try to drain.

VS Scum
With swarms, I have been shown how Move Along will be your god card.  Try to sit on the docking bays and make them lose to your fallen portals.  A tracked six can wipe out some swarm forces.  Barrier anyone big and chop anyone who poses a threat.

VS Space
Very tough possible matchup.  Test 1 will be a life saver here.  Try to use your ships sparingly where you know you can beat down.  Test 2 should help you out tremendously also.  Unfortuntly you do not have the draining capability I would like but use what you have and retrieve.

VS Bring Him Before Me
Get Wise Advise fast.  They are going to be happy to see you are not starting the combo.  Make them pay for getting Luke.  If you can take out the first couple of squads that would be real sweet.  After they have him though, he is a tough cookie to convert.  Make them lose force trying to stack cards on their objective.
'