---
layout: post
author: Joe "Mirax" Kollisch
title: 'This Drug Deal is gettin worse all the time'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-08
description: ! 'Pray I dont have to raise the price any further.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Startin7
TDIGWATT/PIDAIAF
CCUpper Walkway
Secret Plans
Prep.Def.
Crush da rebellion
Im So Sorry
(Other Depends)

Locations5
CCChasm Walkway
CCCaronite Chamber
CCDB
Bespin
BespinCC

Guys,Gals,and Droids23
Lord Vader  X2
DVDLOTS
GMT
Darth Maul  X2
Mara  X2
Empy Palpy  X2
Janus
4-LOM w/Gun
Booby Fett w/Gun
Bossk w/Gun
Aurra 
Snoova
Dr.E&PB
Guri  X2
Prince Xizor X2
GAT
Ad.Chiraneau

Green4
Vibro ax
Mauls stabber
Maras dildo
Vaders magical flash light

Blue6
STinger
Virago
Zuckuss inMH
Dengar inPO
Chimeara
Exwifecutor

Fast Red10
I Have You Now
Twelek Ad.
Ev.&Mon.
Vaders Anger
Weapon lev.
Shockin rev.
weapon of an ungrateful son
Force Zapper
Ommnibox&its worse

effective red5(one of 2 you will start)
IAO(START MAYBE)
Resistance(START MAYBE)
Lat.Dam.
I had no FU(KIN CHOICE
SaD
Dark Deal
'

Strategy: '

NoteI know the destinies in the deck blow and i would like some suggestions of cards to take out for higher destinies.I also wanted to put in another weaponlev. DV’s stick,sim aloo,and other combo cards like sniper&dark strike but didn’t have enough room fo a good card with low destiny.Cards that i can take out now...are one Xizor and 1 guri,vaders anger(although it saved my @$$ so many times that i have played this deck)and weapon of an ungrateful son although that card is a really good card.


Ok now to the Strat. Section...if your going against ebo take resistance as other startin effect...otherwise grab IAO as other effect.1st turn before activatin...grab carbonitechamber and chasmwalkway.activate then take deploy sites and search for db if iao is out and bespincc.then draw cards...if you have more than 12 cards then don’t take ev.mon.into hand but but you usually don’t so make sure they don’t have more than 12 cards in hand.2nd turn you activate a lot so if you have a couple guys with their stick or just a regular guy then deploy them.dark deal isn’t the major theme to this deck...just get a good and strong ground def. so you don’t get beat up agaist HB Mains which is popular ’round here.once you have a good ground force then set up dark deal for some massive drains which forces them to come to you or be beaten so badly they won’t 4 turns after dd has been set up.after 4th turn take a 5 min break to sell some pot to your opponent.and then when they are daised win the game.

Why Bossk w/Gun...cause the dectinies aint that great if you didn’t notice so you can send some big destiny 1 guys to used pile.
why weapon of an ungrateful son...because if they force drain with a lightsaber they lose the lightsaber.
why vaders anger...cause the destinies blow so addin one can make a huge diff.( so far it came in handy about 4 times out of 5 games that i have playtested with it)

Thats about it thanx for readin...any suggestions will be greatfully thankful.
'