---
layout: post
author: ! Philip "WorldChamp" Marschall
title: ! "Welcome to Mos Espa"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-10
description: ! "The title of this deck is a spin on the old Welcome to Mos Eisley decks that really sucked. Except this one is a lot better."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
No Money, No Parts, No Deal/You&#8217;re A Slave?
Watto&#8217;s Junkyard
Mos Espa
Start Your Engines
Podrace Arena
Sebulba&#8217;s Pod
Boonta Eve Podrace
Watto&#8217;s Box

Locations (3)
Cantina
Marketplace
Tatooine (Ep 1)

Characters (23)
Watto x5
Maul x2
Gardulla x2
EPP Vader x2
Palpy 
Janus
Sim
Igar
Security Battle Droid x3
Guri
Thrawn
Piett
Destroyer Droid x2

Vehicles/Starships (11)
Executor 
Chimaera
Maul&#8217;s Sith Infiltrator
Devastator
Visage
Thunderflare
ZiMH
BiHT
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Dune Walker 

Weapons (1)
Maul&#8217;s Stick

Interrupts (11)
Nemoidan Advisor x4
Command x2
Collision x3
Hit Racer
We Must Make Our Stuff Faster 

Effects (3)
Tatooine Occupation x2
Lateral Damage
'

Strategy: '

This deck may suck, but it may not. I have heard many mixed thoughts on the Watto Objective so I have decided to try my hand at making one. I decided that Occupation with lots of mains and big, beefy things would be best, so this is my version. It utilized SD&#8217;s in space and mains and walkers on the ground to get a huge Occupation going, plus racing because this deck cannot take much damage. Gardulla helps the racing a whole lot, plus retrieves vital cards on top. With Sim making sure they have the right top card, you will be constantly retrieving a force each turn. When the objective is on the 7 side, it is crazy good, letting you place a card in used pile and them lose 2 force, or deploy it for FREE Executor for FREE AT-AT&#8217;s for FREE Vader and Maul for FREE This will let you get the occupation set up very quickly. 

Card Choices 
Security Battle Droids These guys are just cool, and are power 2 deploy for 2 so a bunch can come down at once in conjuction with a FREE Maul then you can just beat the crap out of them) Anyway these are cool.  

Nemoidan Advisor x4 These are about the coolest interrupts in the game. They can deploy a site from reserve. Helps get Occupation set up much more quickly. 

Dune Walker Another walker with a permanent pilot. Plus this baby is at home on Tatooine, so that&#8217;s just cool. 

Guri Just some random power 6 character? Nooooo. She is the WYS wrecker along with Maul. Can come down with a Walker piloted by Igar for 2 destinies and they only get one. Cool. 

Gameplay

Early Game Try to get your sites out early. Deploy Watto and Gardulla both early and win the race. Get set up at the system for an occupation. Start doing the Gardulla retrieving machine with Sim. Try to get a quick start, so you can get a jump start on your opponent. If mains wreck anyway, a really fast mains would just kick mutha fuggin a$$. 

Mid-Game Get the occupation set up and drain like mad. Your direct damage should be enough to win the game by now. If they somehow survive this onslaught, then just go on into the&#8230;.

End-Game By now you should have a huge lead in the game and they should be begging for mercy. SHOW THEM NONE Watto would not take credits, and you will not take losses. Keep the drains up and they will just run out of cards. 

Victory Clean up your awesome, awesome deck and go report your win. 

Thanks for reading and reviewing. If you see any major problems, just d-mail me. I dunno if I will be playing this or not, but I&#8217;ll see. Also, this is just a test deck. I wanted to try to make one of these to prove pepl wrong who said it would suck. Thanks again for reading, until next time
The future world champ, Phil 
'