---
layout: post
author: ! anthony "yodap" payne
title: ! "Ewok and Turn him v2"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-08-21
description: ! 'This deck uses there is good in him/i can save him o turn vader, with te help of ewoks'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (6)
There Is Good In Him/I Can Save Him 
Endor Chief Chirpa’s Hut 
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay) 
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight 
Luke’s Lightsaber 
I Feel The Conflict 

Location (6)
Endor 
Endor Back Door 
Endor Chief Chirpa’s Hut 
Endor Ewok Village 
Endor Hidden Forest Trail 
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay) 

Characters (36)
Admiral Ackbar 
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk 
Daughter of Skywalker 
Ewok Sentry  x5
Ewok Spearman  x10
Ewok Tribesman  x10
General Calrissian 
General Solo 
Ithorian  x3
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight 
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber 
Qui-Gon Jinn 

Starships (8)
B-wing Bomber  x5
Home One 
Independence 
Lando In Millennium Falcon 

Interrupts (2)
Insertion Planning 
You Have Failed Me For The Last Time 

Effects (4)
Bargaining Table 
Combined Fleet Action - Admiral’s Order 
I Feel The Conflict 
Wokling 

Weapons (3)
Anakin’s Lightsaber 
Luke’s Lightsaber 
Qui-Gon Jinn’s Lightsaber 

Objective (1)
There Is Good In Him/I Can Save Him 
'

Strategy: '

Ok, this deck is partially an ewok deck, with a little twist. The objective is part if it to

First, you use the ewoks to battle your opponent a few times, increasing the cards stacked on i feel the conflict, thereby making it easier to turn vader. 

Now, your opponant may not have vader in his/her deck. If so, then still try to get luke captured. Yeah, you wont have luke to battle anymore, but, it also makes them start losing force every turn, meanwhile, you just keep battling with the mighty furry guys, slowly killing them Don’t kill the guy with luke, that would be bad. Dont fire at him, they can use human shield against you, and you kill luke. Just make sure they capture luke, and then they are as good as dead.

I feel the conflict also helps in the sence that once something is put there, it is gone for the rest of the game It can’t be retrieved 

Now, if they do have vader First of all, unless your opponant is stupud, they are not going to want you to flip, cause then they start losing 2 force every turn, unless they can get a vader down there. So you need to make them do it. Move luke to where you need to, so that they capture him. Now you flip, and they either lose 2 force every turn, or get vader out there. Once vader is there, you turn him. t this point in the game, you should already have 2-3 cards stacked on i feel the conflict. Thus giving you 6-9 added to your turning destiny. 

If played right, this deck can be powerful. But omstly, it is fun to use '