---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "choker" Sorrell
title: ! "Triste Mais Vrai Deux"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-03
description: ! "Like the French, this deck is incredibly cheesy and a modified version of its first counterpart.  (Title="Sad but True II""
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'START 
Tatooine JP 
Tatooine Desert Landing Site 
Combat Readiness 

CHARACTERS 
Maul x3 
DLOTS x3 
Emperor Palpatine x4 
Janus Greejatus x2 
Mara Jade 
IG-88 w/ Gun 
Dengar w/ Gun 
Guri 
Thrawn 
Admiral Chiraneau 

LOCATIONS 
JP Audience Chamber 
JP Lower Passage 
Hoth War Room x2 

GREEN 
Maul’s Saber 
Mara’s Saber 
Vader’s Saber 

RED 
Grabber 
Blast Door Controls 
Search and Destroy 
No Escape 
Something Special Planned For Them 
Much Anger in Him x2 
Responsibility of Command x2 
Sense x5 
Alter x2 
Force Lightening x2 
Sniper & Dark Strike 
Twi’lek x2 
Imperial Command x3 
Force Field x2 
Weapon Levitation x2 
Omni Box & It’s Worse
Set For Stun

BLUE 
Chimaera x2  
'

Strategy: '

I made some strong changes from the first version of this deck.  After playtesting, I found it really annoying to keep having to use three force w/ Twi’lek to get Much Anger in Him, so I just dropped a Twi’lek for another copy of the card.  It’s well worth it when you consider the screw-your-opponent-over capabilities of this card when combined with Responsibility of Command.  I also found that Set for Stun (non-combo version) really had a home in this deck.  To date I’ve beat down so many WYS decks in space and on the ground with a simple Set for Stun.  For example, in my last tournament the LS deployed a palace raider in patrol craft with a RFC, expecting to get three destiny draws against my emperor.  Instead, I Set for Stunned the palace raider, leaving only a lone RFC to battle my Emperor.  I draw a destiny of five, while the LS gets no destiny. I clear the site and get to drain there next turn.  I’ve done the same think with Captain Han in the Falcon.  If you can track a high destiny than Set For Stun is well worth the card slot.  I go with the no combo version cause it’s a destiny 2 as oppossed to a 1 (every little bit can help), and it only costs two force to play the card.  I wouold never use this card for the Control text anyway, so it’s not worth the combo.

BACK TO THE START
I’m not going to write much cause the decklist is pretty self-explanatory. Get the JP sites out using the Audience Chamber and play Mara w/ her saber to the Chamber first turn for a solid drain of 2. With the other characters just go to the opponent sites and beat him off them. That simple. If they play an interrupt you sense it. If they play an effect you alter it. Get the jedi with their matching sabers using weapon lev., combine this with dark strike, and smack the opponent around. If they are depending on barriers like most WYS decks or QMCs stick out Blast Door Controls and execute the beat down. 

The cheesy part comes in with Responsibility of Command. Twi’lek for the Much Anger in Him and the ROC and get the war room out. Target one of the characters and block their drain (and make them lose 4) at a site for the rest of the game. Cheesy but extremely effective. Use Omni Box and Force Lightening to recirculate to guarantee high weapon destiny draws. Once you’ve got the ROC combo in action Twi’lek for all the nice helper effects. No Escape is great cause it will let you retrive a good battling card like Sniper & Dark Strike or even a saber. 

This deck has no problem with activation cause you get an automatic 9 force on your own by turn three plus what the opponent provides. If you are playing Haye’s Brilliant Pile you shouldn’t have much problem because Force Field (the God card) lets you cancel their weapon targetings, and you’ll win every SAC war, considering most of these decks only play with three senses. 

Between your force drains and the ROC combo you should have more than enough damage to overwhelm the opponent. What also helps this deck is that it’s not card intensive like WYS decks and other popular LS decks. If you play WYS and they cancel your SAC...so what. Play your game w/ Responsibility and you win. Stick Maul in space to negate their presence. Use your Imperial Commands to get your admirals and either draw three destiny or limit the opponent to one destiny. Better yet, stick Guri in the Chimaera against WYS and you will have space control of location of your choice (i.e. Kessel). 

Have fun and enjoy the power of cheese. This deck’s success is SAD but TRUE  And totally off topic...I hate the French  That’s pretty bad considering I am French.

Michael ”the Spider Monkey”Sorrell  
'