---
layout: post
author: M "ISBOPS" C
title: 'R2 Modified Hunt Down and Dont Suck'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-11
description: ! 'Play with Vader and your opponent. Yay'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (7)
Executor Holotheater
Executor Meditation Chamber
Executor Docking Bay
Death Star Docking Bay
Coruscant Docking Bay
Cloud City Docking Bay
Rendili

Characters (20)
R2Q2
Dengar W/ Carbine
Janus Greejatus
Dr E x2
Darth Vader
Epp Vader x3
DVDLOTS
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Mara Jade x2
The Emperor
Sim Aloo
Guri
Prince Xixor
4 Lom with Concussion Rifle

Interrupts (10)
Prepared Defenses
Vader’s Obsession
Alter/Collaterl Damage x2
The Circle Is Now Complete
Masterful Move
Focused Attack
Sense/Uncertain is the Future
Sniper/Dark Strike

Effects (14)
Secret Plans
Battle Order
Bad Feeling Have I
Lateral Damage
Visage of the Emperor x2
No Escape
Disarmed
Ability, Ability, Ability
Search and Destroy
There’ll be Hell to Pay
Imperial Decree
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points

Weapons (1)
Mara Jade’s Stick

Ships (5)
Executor
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Chimeara
Boba Fett in Slave 1

Vehicles (1)
Blizzard 2

Purple Stuff (2)
HDADTJ/TFHGOTH
Epic Duel
'

Strategy: '

I got my boxes of R2 today and have made a pretty cool Hunt Down

Starting Stuff.  Start with the two sites, Holotheater and Med Chamber, and the objective, Prepared Defenses, IAO, Mobilization Points, and the third effect varies.  If they play EBO, usually play Decree, sometimes Battle Order if it’s a spy style kind of thing and you dont want to go to Hoth, against HB swarm usually Battle Order, sometimes Secret Plans if you know they have AWRI.  Against MWYHL, always start Secret Plans.  I used to play that deck, and I would usually have only around between 9-12 cards in my life force, so this card can be killer.  If your opponent starts Your Insights Serve You Well, be on the safe side and deploy No Escape. And start with Visage and Epic Duel.
   Okay, first turn, I most of the time get a Vader in my hand, but this not always the case.  Before I activate, I take Rendili, but if they are playing some sort of space swarm deck, I might take Executor.  Anyhoo, after that is taken, activate, then deploy a Dbay from Reserve Deck.  I usually go with Executor or Coruscant Dbay first turn.  If you don’t have a Vader in hand and you know there is one in your force pile, draw up, lose to Visage, and let the other perosn go.
  Second turn, deploy a DBAY from Reserve Deck.  You should have a Vader, but in my case earlier today, I didnt get one until my fourth, or fifth turn.  The Great Gatsby was laughing and that annoyed me.  Deploy Vader, flip, and become happy like a little school girl.
  From then on, try to keep adding to Vader’s hit squad, or go to the enemy.  If they have a jedi on table and Vader’s at some DBay, pick him up and go to them.  Hopefully you will have an E or GMT for a cool squad.  If you have Emperor out, deploy his cronies to him.

I have two senses in here for the TT and out of Comission, and the alters for anything.

Card for Card

Prepared Defenses-gets me three effects

Mobilization Points- +1 or +2 at Dbays I occupy or control, respectively. Gets me Rendili and the X.

Battle Order-  Battle for free, each playa has to pay for a drain if they dont occupy a Bground and a Bsystem

Secret Plans- They have to pay for retrieval

IAO- Gets me the bays. Imperial Decree-  If I control two Rebel Base Locals, drain bonuses are ignored

Visage of the Emperor-	Pretty much the most annoying card ever.

No Escape- See top

DVDLOTS- He’s a Vader, come on

Thrawn- Awesome on Chimeara

Tarkin- 4,3, cancels a destiny with Vader

The Emperor- Cuz i dont have Palpatine

Sim Aloo- Looks at the top of their Reserve Deck, can place the card on the bottom.  Its shiny too

Guri- Put her with Xixor- he cant be targeted with weapons, and they cant draw more than one destiny

Xixor- 5,3 they have to have ability greater than 5 to get a destiny.  Immune to attrish less than 5

Dr. Evazan-  Can operate on a hit or disarmed person

4-Lom with Concussion-	Cancels the text of a character.  Great for EPP killing

Bad Feeling Have I- They have to deploy their mains plus 2

Lateral Damage-  Great for a space attack, reduces a starships power and forfeit to zero

Disarmed- Takes a weapon away from someone and power is minus 1. Awesome if E is there

Ability...-  They have to deploy a character or lose to force, also annoying for the LS

Search and Destroy-  MWYHL killer, they have to lose 1 force unless they occupy a battleground with a destiny less than 4  person.

Therell be Hell To Pay-  Good for grabbing your sac, I mean any of their annoying little interrupts

Epic Duel- ’Cuz dueling is fun

Chimeara- Power 8 SD, great with Palleon

Blizzard 2-  Good for goin to Hoth against an Icestorm kinda deck.

Bob in ships- Power 7, ability of 3, draw a destiny if not able to otherwise, immune to less than 5

Suckuss in ship-  Power 4, ability 4, and their destiny is 0 unless they have ability greater than 6

Bossk in Bus- Power 7, ability 2, adds a destiny

Executor- power 12, immune to less than 15

Mara Jade’s Saber-  Get it on Mare from RD, same as Vader’s stick

Vader’s Obsessions-  Initiates duels with Luke

Alter/Collateral Damage-  See above

Circle is now Complete-  Initiate duels with the Old guy

Masterful Move- get’s Visage from RD if you need it, trackable destiny 6 also

Focussed Attack-  Adds 6 to Vader’s Power Or during a duel, add a destiny

Sense/ It is the Future You See- For that annoying TT, also, I guess, if you know they have good stuff in their hand and you have crap, use the other ability.

Sniper/ Dark Strike-  Shoot someone during control phase, add 3 to weapon destiny, or do a Dr E kinda thang

R2Q2- good for knowing when to duel if you can’t count

Dengar with Carbine- Can shoot twice in a battle, jawsome

Anus Greejatus- The Trackster, adds one to drain when with Emperor

Darth Vader-  Cuz I dont have Lord

EPP Vader-  Vaders are slim pickins for me.  He looks cool foil too

Rendili-  Get at the beginning of game for force

Docking Bays- for activation and, uh, deployation?

Holotheater and Med Chamber-  Start at widd’em

Okay, not time for matchups

Vs. EBO-  I like to start decree, go to Hoth, control two, then go to space when you feel confident, good luck

Vs. MWYHL- Make sure you make them lose to everything like Ability... SandD, and Visage.  They never deploy too early, so, uh, do good.

Vs. RST-  Get a hit squad and go to Endor.  Destroy them, utterly destroy them

Agents-  Don’t go to your Dbays.  Go to Tatooine, should be easy cuz’ they usually rely on little aliens, unless their Eloms.  Then your screwed in a minor war, but not too much.  S and D wont hurt them, so go to battle mode.

Thats really all Ive played, please excuse me for grammatical and spelling errors.  if there are anoy @#$%8217 things, that’s not my fault.  This is my first attempt at HD, so I’m looking for constructive Critisicm.  Shout, shout, let it all out









'