---
layout: post
author: anthony "yodap" payne
title: 'The Great Jedi Force (and Friends)'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-08-22
description: ! 'This deck is based on all the Jedi, and then some extra friends to help out'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting ()
Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can 
Dagobah 
Heading for the Frig.
The Way of Things
Wise Advise

Location (8)
Dagobah 
Dagobah Bog Clearing 
Dagobah Jungle 
Dagobah Training Area 
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut 
Endor 
Endor Dense Forest 
Endor Rebel Landing Site (Forest) 

Characters (16)
Chewie With Blaster Rifle 
Daughter of Skywalker 
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol 
Jar Jar Binks 
Logray 
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight 
Lumat 
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber 
Paploo 
Qui-Gon Jinn 
Rabin 
Romba 
Teebo 
Wicket 
Wuta 
Yoda 

Starships (2)
Millennium Falcon 
Red 5 

Interrupts (8)
A Jedi’s Focus 
A Jedi’s Patience 
A Jedi’s Resilience  x3
Ewok And Roll 
Ewok Rescue 
Heading For The Medical Frigate 

Effects (16)
At Peace  x6
Lightsaber Proficiency  x4
Order To Engage 
Reflection 
The Way Of Things 
Wise Advice 
Wokling 
Yoda’s Hope 

Weapons (3)
Anakin’s Lightsaber 
Luke’s Lightsaber 
Qui-Gon Jinn’s Lightsaber 

Jedi Tests (6)
A Jedi’s Strength 
Domain Of Evil 
Great Warrior 
It Is The Future You See 
Size Matters Not 
You Must Confront Vader 

Objective (1)
Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can 
'

Strategy: '

Ok first off, lets start with the Starting Cards

Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can
This card brings Dagabah out to start, and alows you to deploy Luke, Yoda, At Peace, and Yoda’s hope form reserve deck during deploy phase.
Once you have completed the first 5 tests, you flip, and get a number of things. First you retrieve 10 force, and place the destiny for test 5 on that test. You can then, at any point in the game, use 3 force to take luke into hand from a site you control (easy way to get him off of dagabah.) And, luke may now ignore all deployment restrictions.

Heading for the Med Frig.
This brings out Wise Advise, and The Way of Things

Wise Advise.
This adds one to each training destiny draw.

The Way of Things.
Ths card really has only one use, and it isnt much, but it’s still nice. This card allows you to complete jedi test 3. But it also gives luke landspeed of 2 while he is an apprentice on dagabah.

NOw on with the reto

Obviously one main goal should be to complete the first 5 jedi tests. So, using MWYHL/SYIC you deploy yoda, and luke, and yoda’s hope. Now you need to get the Jedi tests. Try to get the training area out so you can pull the tests easily. Once you have the test out, and you have targeted luke, and yoda, use MWYHL/SYIC to pull one of the At Peace’s to add another 3 to training destiny. NOw you have +1 from yoda, +1 from yoda’s Hope, +1 from Wise advise, +3 from At Peace, (thats +6 so far) Then you add the apprentice’s ability (6 for luke) Now you have 12 already, and drow your destiny (almost garenteed completion for most tests.

Some of you may be thinking why do i have the falcon and red 5 in there? Well, that is in case i need to deploy people to dagabah to protect luke while he is training i can still get them off. And so that if i dont want to use 3 force to take luke into my hand, i can have him fly off dagabah.

A jedi’s focus, patients, and resilience are in there because i have 4 people with sabers. Focus gets rid of aliens if opponent has any, patience adds 2 to power, and resilience keeps my jedi alive (as if i would ever lose them....) and if i never have to use them, fine, cause they is still good destinies. (4, 5, and 6)

Lightsaber proficiensy is there to add 3 to power of one of my jedi (not like they need it, but hey, who dont like more power?) it also allows for adding one to force drain, that way i can add one to force drain and still be able to use lukes, anakins (DOS), and Qui-gon’s lightsabers

Order to engage is fun cause if you can stay away from the opponent (on dagabah.....) then they lose force every turn, or, if you want, let them get to you (your jedi) and make them battle you with this, and woop them either way they lsoe force

Reflection really isnt needed, but it helps retrieve force, if you lose a good card, or needed card (like one of the jedi tests) So it is usefull

the rest of the charactors are ewoks, and epps (and jar jar). They are only there because 4 jedi just isnt enough to kill an entire deck (especially if it is a good deck) so they are there to help out

thats about it reallt, be sure to rate the deck for me, and make sure you put in comments, not just "nice deck" or "cool" tell me what you like, or dont like

Also please rate my other decks '