---
layout: post
author: Quirin "el-diablo" Fuergut
title: 'My Profit 2k1'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-13
description: ! 'I post this just because I didnt post much things in the last time and I think it is pretty strong :-)'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective YCEP(rofit)BT/OBD

Starting(7)
JP. Audience Chamber
Tat. Jabba´s Palace
Frozen EPP Han
Heading For The Medical Frigate
YISYW
Do Or Do Not/Wise Advise
Aim High (varies)

Characters(18)
Jedi Luke x3
Ben Kenobi x2
Qui-Gon Jinn x2
EPP Han
EPP Leia x2
Lando w/axe x2
Corran Horn
Tawss Khaa
Padmé Naberrie
B´omarr Monk
naked C-3PO x2

Weapons(2)
Luke´s Saber
Qui-Gon´s Saber

Podracers(1)
Anakins Pod

Interrupts(19)
On The Edge x2
TT/OOC x2
The Signal x2
Rebel Barrier
Tunnel Vision x2
Run Luke, Run x2
Nabrun Leids x2
Smoke Screen x2
Someone Who Loves You
Clash Of Sabers
Sorry About The Mess/Blaster Prof.
Gift Of The Mentor

Effects(7)
I Hope She´s All Right
Bacta Tank
Draw Their Fire
Goo Nee Tay
Onee Ta
Ultimatum
Beggar

Locations(5)
Rendez-Vous Point
Tat. Cantina
Tat. Mos Eisley
Tat. Obi´s Hut
Tat. Shmi´s Hut
'

Strategy: '

This one was a mistake cause I acidently hit the finish button and the abborted itbut somehow it got posted.This one has not the whole strategy so please go to the other one.sorry -)
-------------------------------------------------------------
First of all don´t complain about the fact that most of the cards are twice in the deck, I just like it this way
I won´t explain you how to play Profit since most of you have played it before and will get bored.
If you are a newbie and get angry when I say that then just go to my page and look at an other version of this deck.
But I will at least try to explain some of the card choices because it is all the deck is about-)

Card Choices

Characters

I won´t go into detail about using Jedi Lukes and so on I will just let you know why I use for example the B´omarr Monk.As you could see on the decklist there are a few twixes in here and if it comes down to a drain race, this guy is a god.For example at Obi´s Hut You can drain with him for 2 without being stopped by that stupid Imperial Decree.(S)He??? is also an ability 4 character and seems to cancel opponents JP gametext, so he can´t deploy his Chamber.

C-3PO - the main problem this deck had often was that the locations didn´t came out on the table and stayed in my deck.So I decided to use the first time ever an C-3PO in one of my decks to solve this damn problem and to do some easy tracking.

Mains - I use 3 Jedi Lukes cause he is the Pimp and that´s all I have to say about itWell, actually he is destiny 6 and probably the strongest light character up to date.(Qui-Gon is perhaps second; not to mention the one and only Lord Vader for Dark).
The other ones are also in here for direct damage via objective and because of therir nice gametext.
No I don´t use Chewie cause Chewie is gay

Interrupts

Tunnel Vision - addition to C-3PO.

Battle Stuff - Smoke Screen is just a god c  '