---
layout: post
author: Ed "eddiehectic" Rebman
title: 'ISB finds a way to beat WYS'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-19
description: 'This is a big blue ISB deck with imperial commands.  Built to beat todays most popular decks.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

ISB/Big Blue	

Locations:
Corsucant*
Rendilli
Kassyyyk
Fondor
Endor
Kiffex
Executer: DB
Corsucant: DB

Characters:
Commander Merrejk x2
Evax
Captain Jonus
Chall Bekan
Outer Rim Scouts x3
5D6-RA7
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral piett
Admiral Thrawn
Admiral Chiraneau
Admiral Motti
Captain Godheardt
U-3PO
Arica

Admirals Orders:
We are in attack position now x2

Ships:
Executer
Chimeara x2
Avenger
Accuser
Dominator
Devastator
Zuckus in MH
Bossk in HT
Dengar in PO

Effects:
IAO*
Mob Pts*
TINT/OE*
Lateral Damage x2
Something Special Planned for them
Hell to Pay x2
Presence of TF x2
Undercover
YCHF

Interupts:
Imperial Command x4
Twi Lek Advisor x2
Overwhelmed
Prepared Defenses*
Imperial Barrier
Abyssin Ornament



Strategy: 

 

* = start with it

Card Choices:

Captain Jonus: He is an ISB agent and every time I deploy him I can say &#8220;my name is jonus&#8221;

Fondor vs. Sullust: Fondor lets me get executer out cheaper, its also less force for them and I don&#8217;t think I need that many drain two systems, especially with merrejk to get them.

Unique Star Destroyers: The each do something cool, most are ability 2

Undercover: there are 12 spies in the deck&#8230;With undercover guys and my flipped objective their drains wont matter.  I don&#8217;t play more because I fear corran.

Overwhelmed: cause putting fully loaded nasty ships (falcon and outrider) back in their deck is cool.

Strategy:
Pull Rendilli, pull corsucant DB.  Most likely you will get a Imperial command or Piett or Merrejk in your hand.  Use them to get merrejk out and start pulling your systems.  Once you feel you are getting enough force, shuttle em up to a ship.  (if you put a Star Destroyer at Corsucant, you get a free drain and they can&#8217;t deploy rebels to your DB and when was the last time you saw an alien spy?)  Get your systems, battle and drain away.  You can pull your DBs and Systems to get at least 14 force a turn from your systems.  Beware because you will be giving away lots of force as well.  You pilots will deploy hella cheap due to your Admirals Order.  REMEMBER to retrieve an ISB agent every turn.

Match-ups:
WYS:  Take over the system.  Most WYS will perish if you take their system.  Make sure you keep your AO out.  Once that is accomplished, flip and put out some spies&#8230;their drains will be reduced and you will drain them out.  Not to hard really.  

Mains:  yeah, whatever.  Flip, drain in space and block their drains with spies.  They wont have anything to beat up on, and their drains will be reduced.  You should be able to out drain them easily.

X-wings:  these are a challenge, grab their interrupts, and stay concentrated.  This is where Dengar comes in handy.  Against EBOX, hold on for dear life.  They will try to spread and drain.  You should have at least one concentrated drain of 3 and should be able to follow them around decently.  Beware of power pivot.  Use Imperial command to add a destiny, killing X-wings is the priority, not huge battle damage.  You can win if you play smart.

#s: you have YCHF in your deck with two twi leks, find it and win.

That&#8217;s all I can think of.  Thanks for reviewing, feel free to D-mail me with questions about whatever&#8230;


