---
layout: post
author: ! Chris "Wedge231" Wodicka
title: ! "Hunt Down - Not Original in Any Way"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-11
description: ! 'See what Chris Wo@#$%a does when he doesn’t play for a couple months. He changes 3 cards from a deck and calls it new.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start (9)
Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out of the Universe
Executor Holotheatre
Executor Meditation Chamber
Visage of the Emperor
Epic Duel
Prepared Defenses
Crush the Rebellion
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points

Locations (4)
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Cloud City East Platform
Executor Docking Bay
Carida

Characters (15)
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith
Lord Vader x2
Darth Vader with Lightsaber
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Emperor Palpatine
Mara Jade x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
IG-88 with Riot Gun
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle
Guri
Prince Xizor

Starships (4)
Bossk in Hound&#8217;s Tooth
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Chimaera

Weapons (3)
Vader&#8217;s Lightsaber x2
Mara Jade&#8217;s Lightsaber

Interrupts (16)
Operational As Planned x2
I Have You Now x2
Masterful Move
Put All Sections on Alert x2
Vader&#8217;s Obssession
The Circle Is Now Complete
Sniper/Dark Strike
It&#8217;s Worse/Ommni Box
You Are Beaten
Twi&#8217;lek Advisor
Counter Assault x2
This Is Some Rescue

Effects (9)
Visage of the Emperor x2
No Escape
Secret Plans
They&#8217;ll Be Hell To Pay
Oppressive Enforcement
First Strike
Search and Destroy
You Cannot Hide Forever '

Strategy: '

Changes Take out counter assaults for Weapon Levitation and Evader/Monnok. Take out dueling for Igar and Tempest 1. Just use I Have You Now to take out mains.

This is basically my old Hunt Down with Reflections 2 in it. It went 2-1 at my last tournament only losing by 8 to Matt Erhrart’s speeder/numbers. I beat a RST and a HB A-wing deck. Simple to play. You get huge activation from Mob Points. Just plop Vader down to a docking bay and flip. Then drain for 1 and 2 at your sites and make him lose to Visage. Spies cancel it? Then just beat down the crappy spies. Xizor and Mara are good for this. Grab anything annoying like Portal or Barrier or something. This is Some Rescue cancels OOC/TT so it is much better than Holonet Transmission because of it’s awesome destiny. Just track around your 5’s and 6’s so whenever battles happen you win. Put All Sections on Alert kills EPP’s and suicide mains. They will do nothing. Plus its a used 6. The destiny here is amazing once your low destiny are on table. Space package is small but good. Save up for the beatdown. Counter Assault works great if the time is right. Trust me, I know from experience. Here’s the plan vs certain decks

Vs Mains or similar
Just sit at your docking bays and play Put All Sections on Alert and kill his guys. Duel Obi and Luke. Leia can’t do anything. Han will die from attrition or weapons. Your droids can kill anyone else. Nothing too hard just watch out for duel protection or Fallen Portals. I Have You Now is good.

Vs AITC Aliens
Sniper Kabe if you can. IG-88 is best bet. Just need to know if he has Its a Trap. Aliens will die from your high destinies and weapons. This deck always has trouble with Hunt Down so shouldn’t be too tricky. Just watch out for big beatdowns.

Vs. Speeders
Go indoors to drain or just go to one site and drain in space. I lost to Matt Ehrhart’s speeder deck because of some early battles he won. Just try to win every battle by not spreading and get some guys up in space. Visage may hurt a bit.

Vs. Space
Save up for beatdown. Use Search and Destroy and Visage. Drains on ground will add up quickly. When time is right, you should have some tracked 5’s and 6’s and drop a few of your ships to kill them. Easy unless they have some cool tech. Sniper any undercover guys.

Vs. WYS
Hold the docking bays and put pressure on them at Tatooine. Watch for portals and Patrol Craft reacts. Sit in Cantina with guys and drain for huge ammounts. Guri goes somewhere, probably space to control Tatooine. Don’t duel, just toss those. Visage will most likely be dead. Hard matchup. Play smart. Play I Have You Now to get rid of Luke.

That’s it. Real simple. If you have ever played Hunt down in your life, you can win with this.   '