---
layout: post
author: ! Alex "george3785" George
title: ! "JizzStruction HBX2K1"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-18
description: ! "This is a very cheesy and strong HB flip deck that will win a lot of games"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Startin Jizz (7)
Hidden Base/Butter Fingers
HB Modifier (Kessel)
Rendezvous Point
HFTMF
DODN/WA
YISYW
Aim High

System (5)
Endor
Kessel
Corulag
Raaltiir
Kiffex

Characters (4)
Luke JN
TK422
Boussh
Mirax Terrix

Starships (17)
Lando In Falcon
Spiral
Liberty
X-Wing x14

Effects (7)
Projection Of A Skywalker x2
Order To Engage
Docking And Repair Facilities
HOTJedi
S-Foils
Traffic Control

Interrupts (17)
A Few Maneuvers
All Wings Report In x2
Houjix/Out Of Nowhere x2
It Could Be Worse
On The Edge x3
Organized Attack x3
Out Of Commission/Transmission Terminated x2
Rebel Barrier x2
The Signal

Weapons (3)
X-Wing Laser Cannons



'

Strategy: '

Take OUT MIRAX TERRIX for Corran Horn..i forgot about not being ability 3....sorry

Why Did I Choose To Play HB X-Wings?
Now a days everyone is playing ground beatdown decks, that will dominate almost any ground decks, except WYS. I was either going to play WYS, but after seeing people making WYS counter decks I decided to go with the forgotten force of the X.

Starting Strategy
You always start the same cards (they are the only you can start), and you quickly go for Endor first turn. Deploy all Xwings at R.Point, and use All wings or Organized to get a few more Xwings. Make sure to fortify your forces at endor first turn. Then the next planet you want to get is Corulag, then Raltir, Kiffex, and Kessel. Then you flip. Keep a good number of Xwings per system so that you do not get beatdown. You can leave only a few if you have a barrier or Houjix. Just leave your systems at Kessel or Kiffex to drain the opponent out. Retrieve with All Wings once you have about 10 out. Deploy a rebel or spy and Start On the Edgeing with your 5 or 6 destinies. You will most likely be able to out last your opponent. This is a good deck, and if you play it right and know all of your cards you should be able to win many games. You will most likely want to put mirax and luke in a ship and leave them there for On The Edge. 

Reasons for certain cards
Mirax Terrix- This chic is a beast. Just put her in a ship piloting and she can be used for On the edge and to help track your destinies for on the edge. She is a very helpful character in this deck.

On The Edge- Most HB Xwings do not run On The Edge, so most opponent will not recognize it coming. This can be very helpful and may win you the game or atleast prolong a loss and stop some differential. It is also easy to get good destiny since almost all of the interrupts are destiny 5 and are used.

Docking and Repair Facilities- This card can help you a lot if you lost Xwings. This way you will still be able to retrieve a lot if you deploy them again. It can also be good if you use a Houjix to come back again next turn.

Liberty- This is a Beast. It is a high forfeit power ship that can go to your used pile when lost. It is also a place to put Rebels for On The Edge. It is a helpful card.

Matchups
MKOS- This is a rather simple matchup. They do not usually run that many starships so you will be able to spread out in space. You can deploy undercover spies to the opponents big forcedrain spots, and hopefully be able to cancel force drains with your objective if he forgets and does not use Hutt influence by only having the same alien there. You should be able to out retrieve him and win in the long run.

Ties- This is your toughest matchup. You will want to leave your Xwings in bunches to avoid a large beatdown. You will want to also save force for Rebel barrier and you cannons. Hopefully you will be able to outlast him because of your ability to have hyperspeed and run away and chase the opponent. Xwings are a faster type of deck and you may be able to play smart and win. You have to not be stupid and leave yourself in the position of a beatdown. Know your destinies and track and you should be able to retrieve, drain, win battles and eventually the game. Again this will take skill to win.

BHBM- This is another tough matchup but you should come out on top. Just be smart and get your Xwings out and you should be able to outdrain him and lock his force drains down. You will also be able to retrieve enough to keep you in the game. You should give him Luke after a battle or 2 (like turn 4 or 5) and Let him lose force. Track good destiny and Use HOTJedi so that you do not lose too much force for opponents duals. Play smart and you should be able to outlast him. It is a win if you play your deck to its max potential.

That is about it. Now adays there are not many decks running around and you should be able to win a lot of times. I have found that ground decks are not worth playing because they usually get beatdown. Hopefully you like my deck and can give me help, instead of This deck sucks. Please review so that I can make it better

Lata,
AG
'