---
layout: post
author: Thomas "COTEB" Dowling
title: 'This Deal Is Getting You A Sweet Prize'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-10
description: ! 'TDIGWATT with plenty of saber swinging to pull off All Too Easy and pulling off Emperors Prize'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

' 
Starting Cards
1 This Deal Is Getting Worse All The Time/Pray I Don’t Alter It Any Further 
1 Cloud City Carbonite Chamber  
1 Prepared Defenses  
1 I’m Sorry  
1 Imperial Arrest Order  
1 Crush The Rebellion  

1 Bespin  
1 Bespin Cloud City  
1 Cloud City Chasm Walkway  
1 Cloud City Upper Walkway  


2 4-LOM With Concussion Rifle  
2 Aurra Sing  
2 Darth Maul  
4 Darth Vader With Lightsaber  
3 Emperor Palpatine  
2 IG-88 With Riot Gun  
2 Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand  


1 Boba Fett In Slave I  
1 Flagship Executor  
2 Zuckuss In Mist Hunter  


1 Control & Set For Stun 
1 Evader & Monnok 
1 Force Lightning  
1 Ghhhk & Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us 
1 I Have You Now 
2 Lightsaber Parry  
1 Omni Box & It’s Worse 
1 Operational As Planned  
1 Sniper & Dark Strike  
2 Twi’lek Advisor  
2 Weapon Levitation  


3 All Too Easy  
1 Bad Feeling Have I  
1 Battle Order  
2 Dark Deal  
1 First Strike  
1 Lateral Damage  
1 No Escape  
1 Presence Of The Force   
2 The Emperor’s Prize  


1 Mara Jade’s Lightsaber  
1 Maul’s Lightsaber  
'

Strategy: '

Now I’m sure you’ve looked through the decklist and saw only 7 different characters? 3 different ships? how the hell do you pull anything off?

Well I don’t need to pull off Dark Deal or Flip the Objective to win, it’s all about adapting to the situation.

Now if you want to pull off the main idea of the deck which is to pull off Dark Deal and get the ATE/EP fun going on. You do the following

Have someone at the Carbonite Chamber with a Lightsaber weither it be Mara, Vader or Maul or even Aurra with someone elses. And unless you feel comfortable that you won’t get smacked down by some mains spread out to only 2 of the 3 sites when your draining but leave the CC a little weaker to invite someone to be a target for your character with a saber. I usually like saving Iggy Maul and 4 Lom for taking care of your opponent over at their sites if they intend on leaving you be on CC.

Personally though I feel you can be pretty safe from beatdowns with Crush keeping them from overwhelming you with BDs and Lightsaber Parry to keep them from slicing any of your characters down so this will minimize any damage against you.

Now really the All Too Easy/Emperor’s Prize portion will really only work once or twice in a tournament by using it’s text but the warning of it will usually keep people off Cloud City and hoping that their gameplan will be able to win without confronting you.


Why it’s In? Why isn’t it?

Anti Podracing Tech well to be honest this deck has as much as i could fit in it, and now that the whole novelty of playing podracing just for playing podracing has worn off the podracing deck you’ll face will be serious ones and if they are serious about winning they will so I’m not going to waste any cards while they do.

Why IAO?
Nabrun Lieds beatdowns would be the end of this deck.

Why All Too Easy/Emperor’s Prize?
Because if you’re given the chance to pull it off it can cause tremendous damage and well it’s worth the 4 slots (sounds alot like podracing it’s a risk) and even if your not given the chance to pull it off, it probably means your not only having Luke held off CC but Han and Leia as well. 

Why This Objective?
Killer activation not killed by a stupid card with Jar Jar on it. Plus when you flip All Too Easy is that much better.

What’s with so little space? you’ll get killed by WYS and QMC with dedicated space as well as any other dedicated space deck.

Well in most cases what i have is enough, flipping the objective is something which is nice if it happens but not nessecary for the success of the deck. So yeah I’ll get killed by Ten Numb and his tank along with a power pivot or two but space is not the key to sucess for this deck.


So if you have any suggestions AIM me at COTEB1 or d-mail me or whatever

Thanks for taking a look


'