---
layout: post
author: ! Bradley "BadBrad" Augsburger
title: ! 'My hidden base is better than yours'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-30
description: ! 'Updated version of the deck Hidden Base is Fun.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7) 
Objective Hidden Base 
Strike Planning 
Menace Fades 
Squadron Assignments 
Heading for the Medical Frigate 
Rendezvous Point 
Chandrila (hidden base) 

Systems (5) 
Chandrila 
Kessel 
Sullust 
Endor 
Kiffex 


Characters (14) 
Dash Rendar 
Chewbacca, Protector x2 
General Calrissian 
Captain Han Solo x2 
Obi-Wan w/ Lightsaber x2 
Luke w/ Lightsaber x2 
Leia w/ Blaster Rifle x2 
Orrimaarko 
Tawass Khaa 

Starships (15) 
Gold Squadron Y-Wing x3 
Red Squadron X-Wing x3 
Green Squadron A-Wing x3 
Red Leader in Red 1 
Gold Leader in Gold 1 
Tantive IV 
Gold Squadron 1 
Outrider 
Spiral 

Effects (9) 
Grabber x3 
Traffic Control 
Bacta Tank 
Do, Or Do Not/Wise Advice 
Honor Of The Jedi 
Yarna d al Gargan 
Projection of a Skywalker

Interrupts (10) 
Out of Comission x2 
Control/Tunnel Vision x3 
Rebel Barrier x2 
Fallen Portal x2 
The Signal '

Strategy: '

I think that most people out there know how to play a hidden base deck, but I will add a few personal strategy notes, if you care to read them. 

Early Game 
Turn one, pull a system, preferably Endor because the ds wont generate any force there. While your in there, look to see if General Calrissian is in there...if he is, pull him out too. I generally like to play defensively, so refrain from deploying as long as possible. The rebel fleet will help take care of early drains. Honor of the Jedi can be used as a starting, but only if you are deathly afraid of losing early force to visage. I generally like to pull systems in this order 
Endor 
Sullust 
Chandrila 
Kiffex 
Kessel 
Coruscant 
When looking for systems early in the game, pay close attention to other cards in your reserve deck. If you see only one of the captain hans in in there, tunnel vision for the other. If you see your hidden base system is gone tunnel for that too. Im considering removing the squadron assignments for another contorl/tunnel vision. Please give me thoughts on this. 

Midgame 
I usually flip when I have the Super Falcon and the Outrider at two random systems.  As of late, I have deploying an additional starfighter with the outrider. I do this because if they lat. damage outrider then I cant reduce their power. Hold as many starfighters as possible before you flip, because I hate having no ships in my hand when there is a beatdown possible. Also, be sure to get Yarna d al gargan down as fast as possible. Never overdeploy when you think that a possible beatdown could occur. Two starfighers and the falcon can give out at least 10 damage with good destiny draws, and as long as you are destroying their ships, there is no need to deploy several starfighters. It would be more beneficial to lay down one a-wing and one x-wing with the falcon against bossk in the bus and deal 10 damage, with starfighters remaining in hand to use to cancel drains with rebel fleet, than deploying them all at once an dealing 25 damage, with the possibility of ghhhk. 

Endgame 
If played right, all the endgame will be is a few characters at sites getting their force drains canceled by the objective, and you at 3 or 4 systems hitting them for 7 a turn. If it is a close game, take a few minutes to analyze the situation. Do the math in your head, and see if you can win the drain race. If you can, just sit there and let them come to you...if you cant win the drain race, spread out as thin as possible. Dont be afraid to leave an a-wing in front of the Conquest, chances are they wont have enough force left to deploy anything else, or they wont have any of their ships left. Remember, stopping a drain of 2 for just one turn can decide the outcome of a game. I would appreciate honest suggestions please. Thanks. 
'