---
layout: post
author: ! Ben "Jigglypimp" Cavin
title: ! 'Xizor - Head PIMP'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-14
description: ! 'Agents of Black Sun deck that is FUN. Lotsa tech. Went undefeated in Nevada States.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(8)
Agents of Black Sun / Xizor Rocks
Coruscant
Coruscant Imperial City
Prince Xizor
Imperial Arrest Order
There Is No Try / Oppressive Enforcement
Mobilization Points
Prepared Defenses

Locations(4)
CCDB
DSDB
CoruscantDB
SpaceportDB

Characters(18)
Prince Xizor x2
Guri x2
Vigo x3
Emperor Palpatine
Snoova x2
Fett with Blaster x2
4Lom with rifle x2
Jodo Cast x2
IG88 with gun
Dengar with gun

Effects(9)
Disarmed x2
Grabber
You Cannot Hide Forever
Lateral Damage
Presence of the Force
Search and Destroy
Bad Feeling Have I
Secret Plans

Interrupts(14)
Twilek Advisor
Evader / Monnok x2
Control / Set for stun x2
Jabbas through with you x2
Always thinking with your stomach x2
Projective Telepathy
Hidden Weapons x2
Abyssin Ornament
Put All Sections On Alert

Starships(4)
Zuckuss in ship x2
Bossk in bus
Stinger

Weapons(3)
Vibro Ax x2
Stun Blaster '

Strategy: '

First I’ll explain some cards, then name some I wanna put in, then some strategy. D-mail me if you want to know more.

Explanations
-Docking Bays No Projective of Skywalker on my DBs and Put all sections works well on DS too. Spaceport lets you go to them, or deploy to Coruscant and flip.
-Disarmed Saved me a beatdown because Lando lost his ax. These are massive saviours.
-You Cannot Hide Forever #s protection and lets the jedis get hit far easier, especially since there are no sabers in this kind of deck.
-Monnok / Evader I am paranoid of Revolution, and Monnok wins games against swarms. 
-Control / Set for Stun Some jerk always tries to sense my hidden weapons even though I have my SAC stopper. This lets it go through. It also works well with big drains in space or where you cant get to. Set for stun sets up for beatdown (Superfalcon does not work so well when captain han gets stunned).
-Jabbas through... Lets Jodo Cast grab his stun blaster pronto, and adds destiny.
-Always thinking with your stomach BHBM? Luke draining alone at landing platform? Oh NO He’s missing, and I control DB for rest of game so he stays OFF table.
-Hidden Weapons What crackhead does not realize the power of this card? I only have two because with more it is easily grabbed. Two is sufficient.
-The Ornament Gimme my Vigos, and Ive retrieved with it too
-Zuckuss x2? Light side players get overjoyed when they kill zuckuss with 4lom on board, but they just come back next turn, and they frown.
-Stun Blaster HUGE TECH Jodo cast with his stun blaster is BROKEN. I’ll deploy it for free, fire for free, AND add THREE to my destiny???

Cards I wanna add
-Another emp and a force lightning I dont have 2 good emps, so this goes. Force lightning lets jodo send Ben back to hand with a ZERO destiny, and it recirculates (play it on your own character).
-Security Precautions The deck seems weak against X-wing swarm, so this would help as Im almost immune to attrition. Maybe change for Disarmed.
-Maybe another IG88 or Dengar since i have two of all others. Another Vigo would be nice if one dies.

Strategy
-Basically get a db to Xizor, flip the obj, wait for him to deploy Luke, then kill or better yet, capture him. Save Guri for space if they play up there, otherwise make he perform her bodyguard function. 
-Vs. WYS Get all space to Tatooine Pronto. Get your four destinies, limiting them to one (stinger, guri, zuckuss, 4lom, bossk). Then take cantina with hunters and with for luke to deploy fett and jodo for the hidden weapons.
-VS. scouts Use the thinking with stomachs wisely. Go to them and play smart. You should be able to out-tech them.
-Vs. lotsa space Be sorry be very sorry. Just kidding. Get ground drains goin with search and destroy, then hope you put in Sec. Prec. vs. HB. Use monnok at opportune times.
-Vs. QMC Give them space at first. Concentrate on ground, then surprise their space crew when they land them or spread them out. You should be able to fight well on ground, the competition is between who uses tech better.

GOOD LUCK. Parting words Word up, please believe, no doubt, ya heard??, peace out
'