---
author: Sean "vader81" Burns
title: Whats that smell from the Rancor Pit???
side: Dark
date: 2001-03-30
description: This is my version of a Court deck with actually using the objective! that’s right I like to have my creatures eat people. ENJOY!
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting(8)
Court Of The Vile Gangsters/I Shall Enjoy Watching You Die
Tatooine: Great Pit of Carkoon
Jabba’s Palace: Audience Chamber
Jabba’s Palace: Dungeon
Prepared Defenses
All Wrapped Up
Power of the Hutt
Secret Plans

Locations(4)
DS*2 DB
Executor DB
Tat DB
Jabba’s Palace: Rancor Pit

Characters(14)
4Lom w/gun
Bane Malar
Boba Fett w/gun
Boelo
Bossk w/gun
Ephant Mon
Guri
Iggy w/gun
Jodo Kast
Mara Jade, TEH
Mighty Jabba
Prince Xizor
Salacious Crumb
Snoova

Creatures(2)
Rancor
Sarlacc

Ships(2)
Dengar in Ship
Zuckass in Ship

Weapons(6)
Mara’s Stick
Vibro-Ax
Double Laser Cannon
Intruder Missile x3

Effects(10)
Bounty
Come Here You Big Coward
Hutt Bounty x2
No Escape
Reactor Terminal
Scum and Villany
Search and Destroy
There’ll be Hell to Pay
You Cannot Hide Forever

Interrupts(14)
Hidden Weapons x2
Elis Helrot
None Shall Pass x2
Oo-ta-Goo-ta, Solo?
Sniper/Dark Strike
Trap Door x2
Twi’lek Advisor x3
Weapon Levitation




Strategy: 

Ok, as I said earlier I actually use this objectives 7 side. Only rate my deck if you have read the strategy, have somethings to point out or will give me 5 stars :~)

First turn you should pull Mighty Jabba w/ the Audience Chambers Text, then pull Ephant w/ Power of the Hutt. Put them both in the audience chamber, you get 2 battle destiny SWEET! Also look for Executor or DS*2 DB for activation. If you have any left draw em’. Next turn pull Boelo and put him at the Chamber, now you draw 2 and cancel one one of theres SWEET!! Also pull another DB. If you have Twi’lek use it to pull out scum, w. 3 twi’lek you should get one within the first 3 turns if not in your opening hand. After you pull Scum then go for reactor terminal because I have those 4 7’s that need to be put back... 3rd turn pull the last DB and draw. Ok now here is where it will ghet intersting. You should have quite a few Bounty Hunters in hand by now so if you see some lone characters go hunting! When you get Boba w/Gun put him at the chamber. Now you draw THREE DESTINY and cancle one SWEET!!! As soon as you can capture one of the opponent’s characters and bring him to the audience chamber. If they are EPP or have a weapon on them, then feed em’ to the Sarlacc, and make sure to put lots of aliens there because you retrieve one for every alien there. If they have no weapon, then the Rancor gets a meal. You will retrieve MAD force either way. Now for the Matchups.

vs. WYS
This is where the Hutt Bounty’s come in handy, all opponents charactersare smugglers so get a few of them. Also, in this game you should STAY INSIDE! it doesn’t matter how many guys you have at one site if they get a few palace raiders you’re #$@&%$. The main thing is to cancle there TAT celbration and control the cantina. Then you should be able to outdrain them.

vs. HB
If they’re playing mains you are HOOKED UP! capture as many as possible and start feedin and retrieven! If they are playin the other kind then spread out and drain like crazy, get Search and Destroy out ASAP. Try to get Suckass and Dengar in ships out probing early and try to get their objective out of play. 

vs. Profit
This could be a little tough. Put Jabba and Ephant in the Chamber for free before the game starts and then get Boelo and others w/guns to back them up! Try to capture any they send to get Han out and None shall pass others. If they get han out they will have to pay some big force or else the objective is cancled.

vs. TIGIH
I’ve never played it but I would say don’t capture Luke or else you will get some major force loss. If you can, get some of your guys w/guns over to capture and then come back to the palace and start the feedin frenzy.

vs. AITC
Another I haven’t played. But the main thing to do is to kill their rep whenever he comes out. Try to kill his other Non-uniques off the table and get him unflipped. you can try to feed his guys to the sarlacc and retrieve but I’m guessing this will be a long game.   