---
layout: post
author: Dominik "silverblade" Jastrzebski
title: 'Hunt Down X-treme Podracing aka Ride Wit Me'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-27
description: ! 'The hated and cursed deck that crushes and abuses opponent. But who cares...'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Every LS Jedi Is A Lame

Epic Events (2)
Boonta Eve Podrace
Epic Duel

Locations (4)
Executor  Holotheatre
Executor  Meditation Chamber
Imperial Holotable
Tatooine  Podrace Arena

Characters (15)
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith  x3
Lord Vader
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Aurra Sing
Darth Maul
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba
Emperor Palpatine
Grand Moff Tarkin
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand  x2
Prince Xizor

Weapons (3)
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
Vader’s Lightsaber  x2

Effects (7)
Come Here You Big Coward
No Escape
Visage Of The Emperor  x3
Watto’s Box
You Cannot Hide Forever

Podracer (1)
Sebulba’s Podracer

Interrupts (27)
Control & Set For Stun
Elis Helrot
Focused Attack
HoloNet Transmission
I Have You Now
Masterful Move  x3
Omni Box & It’s Worse
Operational As Planned  x2
Podracer Collision  x5
Projective Telepathy  x2
Start Your Engines
The Circle Is Now Complete  x2
Vader’s Anger
Vader’s Obsession  x2
Weapon Levitation  x2
You Are Beaten
'

Strategy: '

UPDATE 

to hipo - I know that you’re @#$%t@#$ on me because I’ve kicked your @$$ on tourney - so shut your mouth

END UPDATE


OK , so that’s your worst nightmare. You can’t eat , you can’t sleep - the only thing you can do is to think how to defeat it... But that’ll be a hard time, man.

Starting Setup  Simple standard. Objective + Exec Holo + Exec MC + Visage + EpicDuel + Start Your Engines ( goes back to reserveD ) + PodArena + BoontaEVE + Sebulba’sPOD + Watto’sBox

Don’t be moved by that you have to deploy 9 cards at start of the game. This deck can win by huge ammount ( my best win +36 , average differential > 26.45 ).The basic concept is to kill your opponent with direct damage. Visage + Podracing + Dueling + Vader  Immortal War Machine are in current meta primary difficulties to light side. It’s not true that Qui-Gon kills Hunt Down objective, he’s still no match to your Vader and this decks high destiny. Only troublemaking deck is annoying HB flip , this matchup is mostly an auto-lose but don’t worry - your opponent will never win ith high diff.

Early Game  
Start the podrace ( if your opponent is playing podracing too start it from his Boonta Eve - just in case of Honor ) and draw some cards. If you have Masterful Move pull Holotable, then HoloNet Transmission .Don’t forget to lose force to Visage even if your objective isn’t flipped, you’ll retrieve it later. If opponent provided you with battleground ( WYS, QMC , etc.) , deploy Vader there. If he doesn’t just wait for  podrace to end. If you’re afraid of spies , deploy some characters to defend Visage ( Palpy is the best ), HoloNet + 3x Masterful Move should give you enough protection from TT ( except WYS , they ARE able to cancel Visage).If you’re playing against ground deck don’t wait for his move you have to put pressure from start till the end. 

Mid Game 
Basic Concept is that YOU MUST WIN THE PODRACE. No matter what and how your opponent’s playing, that’s your primary aim. You have 5 collisions to do that, if they’re not playing grabber + racing interrupts they can’t beat you. If Aim High is out save some force to pay for retrieve. When podrace ends you’ll probably have about 11 cards in your lost pile just like your opponent, but then you’ll have nothing there and he/she’ll have 20+.That’s when the game really starts. Try to battle every ground forces you encounter, duel Luke or Obi if they hit the table. This deck is simple, it’s all about raw power and high destiny draws.

Late game 
Drain , battle, inflict damage - win. Not much to say. This phase nearly don’t exist when you’re playing this deck.

Some card choices 

Imperial Holotable - easy to pull from Reserve with MM. Everyturn 1-force drain if you put HoloNet here.

Come Here You Big Coward - kills opponent’s drain’s on non-battlegrounds, kills retrieve , kills crazy Asteroid decks and kills Jedi Testing ( it’s cool stuff , don’t you think?)

You Cannot Hide Forever - kills insert $#^, and makes cuting Jedi easier

Control & Set For Stun - to cancel drain from Kessel , an Ice Storm or stupid Sense,Alter

Omni Box & It’s Worse - for make them pay for using It Could Be Worse ( pay attention to It’s A Hit - it’s an BAD card )

Opperational As Planned - absolutely huge card. useful with Vader’s Anger, or for tracking with MM
(f.e. opponent’s draw phase- play Opperational , place Visage on force pile , then MM and you have tracked 6, 7, 5 on bottom of reserve, sounds good for me )

Projective Telepathy - in original design there were Barriers but they’re easy to cancel now ( TBS/DR and [coruscant expansion is approaching] - Inconsequential Barriers) so i think Projective will be better. Also cancels AFA.

   I’ll not write any specific matchups, you should wreck anything except flip HB. Just play smart and remember your advantages. Hope you’ll enjoy it, cause it’s deadly stuff.

I’m tired right now and just can’t think about anything else ( I’m sure I didn’t write everything I wanted), but I’ll update. Someday.

Whatever

Dominik ’silverblade’ Jastrzebski
bladehq@polbox.com   '