---
layout: post
author: ! Nick "JediBrain" Stefanko
title: ! "Black Rabbit"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-11
description: ! 'Mains, Toys, SAC, Podracing.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'LOCATIONS - 5
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber 
Jabba’s Palace Lower Passages 
Tatooine Desert Heart 
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace 
Tatooine Podrace Arena 

CHARACTERS - 14
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle 
Aurra Sing 
Darth Maul  x3
Darth Vader With Lightsaber  x3
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba 
Emperor Palpatine  x2
Janus Greejatus 
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand 
Myo 

WEAPONS - 3
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber 
Maul’s Lightsaber  x2

EPIC EVENTS - 1
Boonta Eve Podrace 

PODRACERS - 1
Sebulba’s Podracer 

EFFECTS - 6
Crush The Rebellion 
His Name Is Anakin 
Reactor Terminal 
Resistance 
Search And Destroy 
Watto’s Box 

INTERRUPTS - 29
Alter  x2
Always Thinking With Your Stomach 
Elis Helrot  x2
Endor Occupation 
Force Field  x2
Force Lightning 
I Have You Now  x3
Podracer Collision  x2
Sense  x4
Sniper & Dark Strike 
Start Your Engines 
The Circle Is Now Complete 
Twi’lek Advisor  x2
Weapon Levitation  x3
You Are Beaten  x3

OBJECTIVE - 1
My Kind Of Scum/Fearless And Inventive  '

Strategy: '

Start
My Kind Of Scum/FAI (flash Myo as your Rep), Tatooine Desert Heart, Tatooine Jabba’s Palace, Start Your Engines for Tatooine Podrace Arena, Boonta Eve Podrace, Sebulba’s Podracer, Watto’s Box

Strategy
The start is MKOS because it gives you a site your opponent will be reluctant to go to (Desert Heart) and Jabba’s Palace to pull out more JP sites.  The generation is enough to deploy a main a turn, with some extra for interrupt play.  It also gives the opponent the impression that an Abyssin swarm is coming, so if they’re playing The Camp, they’ll be motivated to start it.
First turn, use Sebulba’s Racer gametext and start the race.  Pull the AC, and if you’ve got the Force, use the AC text to deploy Mara and her saber, but only if you can deploy both.  This will give your opponent incentive to take her out.  This allows for you to beat down what they deploy with the backup of all your interrupts.  You will win the podrace.  In the process of winning the race and beating down your opponent’s presence with your Dark Jedi (abuse Elis if Insurrection isn’t out), saber-enhanced drains will end the game in your favor.
Sense and Alter everything you can, unless they have Do Or Do Not & Wise Advice out (chose what to SAC out on a priority basis).

If you have any questions, D-mail me.  Constructive criticism is always welcome.

History
The inspiration behind this decktype was the song ’White Rabbit’ by Jefferson Airplane.  The day I first began work on this deck, I had had the song stuck in my head, so when I first made it, I had White Rabbit playing, looped, on Winamp.  Mara is Alice, Maul is the Red Queen, Vader is the White Knight, going after Light Side Mains is ’chasing rabbits,’ lightsabers are the pills that ’make you large,’ etc. (you get the idea).
The early conception of this deck was based off Court, with a little space to set up Occupation, but after playtesting, it didn’t work very well.  After looking at the generation problems, I decided that a MKOS fake start would work best for the reasons stated above.
'