---
layout: post
author: ! Bill "TacoBill" Kafer
title: ! "Alright  who did it this time"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-09-02
description: ! 'The Hyperdrive Generators Gone- Episode 1 only. Undefeated as of yet.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (6)
1x Mindful of the Future
1x Security Control
1x Tatooine City Outskirts
1x Tatooine Wattos Junkyard
1x Credits Will Do Fine
1x The Hyperdrive Generators Gone / We Need A New One

Characters (27)
1x Captain Panaka
1x Horox Ryyder
1x Jar Jar Binks
1x Liana Merian
1x Mace Windu
1x Mas Amedda
2x Master Qui-Gon
2x Obi-Wan Kenobi, Padawan Learner
1x Padme Naberrie
1x Phylo Gandish
1x Queen Amidala, Ruler of Naboo
2x Qui-Gon Jinn
2x Ric Olie
1x Sabe
1x Sache
1x Sei Taria
1x Senator Palpatine
1x Shmi Skywalker
1x Supreme Chancellor Valorum
1x Tendau Bendon
1x Threepio With His Parts Showing
1x Yane
1x Yaura

Starships/Vehicles (2)
2x Queen&#8217;s Royal Starship

Weapons/Devices (3)
1x Panakas Blaster
2x Qui-Gon Jinn&#8217;s Lightsaber

Podracers (1)
1x Anikins Podracer

Effects (3)
1x A Tragedy Has Occured
1x Secure Route
1x We&#8217;re Leaving

Interrupts (15)
2x Alter
1x A Step Backward
1x Baseless Accusations
2x Control
1x I&#8217;ve Decided To Go Back
1x My Loyal Bodyguard
1x New Leadership Is Needed
2x Sense
2x Stay Here, Where Its Safe
1x Too Close For Comfort
1x We Wish To Board At Once

Locations (3)
1x Coruscant Galactic Senate
1x Tatooine
1x Tatooine Mos Espa Docking Bay '

Strategy: '

########
Response to Reviews-
Luca- In Ep.1, the undercover spy rules were modified. Even is Keder is there, you can still initiate the force drain (which means they stack a card) and then Keder cancels the drain. Only in Episode 1. 
End
########


This is what Ive come up with for Ep.1 Closed Environment Tournaments. I want the
enhanced Maul. Remember, this is EPISODE 1 ONLY.


Strategy
With 27 characters, you should always have 2-3 in your opening hand. If Qui-Gon isn’t in
your hand, pull him out first turn with City Outskirts. You should be able to hold 3 sites,
and set up Secure Route, which IMO is broken. The Galactic Senate is thrown in there so
I can drop Valorum, Sei, Mas, and all of the other non-senators with politics. They do
some nifty things. By the time you flip you should have drawn the QRS and Ric Ollie.
They are good. They can beat almost anything in space, and they stay alive. It’s basically
just a battle deck which can kick @#$% if need be. 

Match-ups
NM, NP, ND Easy win. This deck was made for you to beat Watto. First and probably
most important, you convert their Junkyard. This means they have to draw for Watto.
Usually by the time they draw one, Qui-gon will be firmly in place. Next, this deck has the
staying power with over 20 characters. They just keep coming and coming and coming.

MLITL? This is the deck to beat in Episode 1. Podracing or not, this deck is trouble. You
should be able to take over the senate, with the help of the interrupts and such. Make sure
you grab Squabbling Delegates. Just play your game and set up at the Junkyard to do your
normal damage. Ric Olie in ship will take care of any space they have, and give you at
least a nice space drain at Tatooine. The steady retrieval of Yaura (if you can set up space)
or Amidala (if theyre running Naboo sites) really helps because of the lack of Might of the
Republic. This is winnable. 



Card choices

-No Might of the Republic? One simple reason, dont have it. Im hoping to get at least one
before my first Ep.1 tournament. 
-Non-senators with politics? Against a Watto deck, they sit in the Senate and do their
thing.
-2 Ric Olie/Queens Ship? They are really really good, especially combined with Palpy or
Valorum in the Senate.

The deck is undefeated in playtesting, even without Might of the Republic. And
remember, this is an EPISODE 1 ONLY deck, so review accordingly.  '