---
author: Luke "Skywalker65" Hector
title: 'Echo Strike Force Version 2'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-03
description: 'This is the same as my original and cool Echo Base Ops deck with a few changes to battle other decks and IMPERIAL DECREE!!'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Locations:  9
Hoth: Generators
Hoth: North Ridge
Hoth: Docking Bay
Hoth: Corridor
Hoth: War Room
Hoth
Chandrila
Kiffex
Sullust

Characters:   10
Obi Wan with Stick
Luke with Stick
Han with Pistol
Chewie with Blaster
Boussh
Wedge Antilles
General Cralist Rieekan
Mirrax Terrik
Colonel Cracken
Kal Falnl Cndros

Ships:  19
X Wing x 13
X Wing Squadron x 2
Home One
Liberty
Independence
Defiance

Interrupts:   10
Organized Attack
All Wings Report In x 2
OOC/TT
Hyper Escape x 2
Signal x4

Effects:12
Projection Of A Skywalker x 2
Hiding In THe Garbage
Incom Corporation
Menace Fades
StrikeForce
Launching The Assault
Echo Base Ops
Docking And Repair Facilities
Haven
Rebel Fleet
A New Secret Base


Strategy: 

UPDATE:

Ok this deck has worked very well so far and has gone undefeated except against Hunt Down. So I take your point, take out one signal for another OOC/TT, 2 is enough considering I got a couple of spies in the deck as well. 
Also take out one Hyper Escape and Docking And Repair Facilities to fit in two more Organized Attacks cause they are cool. But if you guys keep dissing this deck so much find the Echo Base deck that got 5 stars, cant remember who made it but it used only 8 ships inc only 6 different ships as 2 were copies. Plus it only had 2 systems You tell me how that gets 5 stars for an Echo deck!!!!

Also whats the beef about losing to RalOps? This deck has never lost to Ralops! Projections and Menace Fades cancel their bonuses and Strike Force cancels the -1 drains on me so while hes only draining for about 4 max, im draining in space for at least 9-12! The only worry is a huge beatdown hence the characters with high forfeits and weapons and the HOTH system text! 
BHBM is piss easy too! Just give him Luke and let him lose force, why is this objective even here? I never lose enough battles for him to turn!
The only hard deck I fear is Hunt Down which is why I will accept any suggestions to beat it!

So far this deck has done better then the orginal version and that got 4.5 stars before!
END UPDATE
This is the same as my previous Echo Base StrikeForce deck with a few changes, refer to the old stragety for how to play this deck, i shall explain the changes: Please do not lower the rating because I do not repeat the old stragety!

OOC/TT = Hunt down is popular in my area and I find it such a hard deck to beat with Visage on table so I have included this card to take out the hologram!

One less system = I took out Tatooine because it was relatively useless and plus with Strikeforce out I can inflict a heavy loss on the opponent with only 4 systems!

Boussh instead of Leia Organa = Shes an undercover spy what can I say?

Col Cracken = Power 3, a pilot and when deployed at Hoth or the North Ridge makes the opponent pay a toll fee for putting down scouts and spies in my area! That includes you Arica!

Projection Of A Skywalker = The problem I had was losing nasty cards at the start. This card stops early small drains giving me that extra time. With Menace Fades out it reduces a lot of drains down to 0!

Hyper Escape = I use this to avoid a beatdown thanks to the new hard ships the dark side gets (THANKS REFLECTIONS II!!) On the other hand its a destiny 5!

Well thats about all the changes that there are so let me know about any improvements cause I got a UK tournament this Sunday!!!   