---
author: Brad "Admiral Twk" Reinhold
title: 'The Real Deal v2.0'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-05-28
description: 'Thanks to all of you who helped with advice on the previous incarnation of this deck. Any further advice, suggestions, jokes, or even (god forbid) reviews are welcome )'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting:8
TDIGWATT/PIDAIAF
CC:Carbonite Chamber
All Wrapped Up
Secret Plans
Prepped Defenses
Fanfare
I’m Sorry
Crush The Rebellion

Characters:17
Darth Vader w/ Lightsaber x2
Emperor Pull-My-Finger 
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Prince Xizor
Guri
Jodo Kast
Djas Puhr
Aura Sing
Bane Molar
Dr.E & Ponda B
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Darth Maul x2
4-LOM w/ Gun 

Pod Racers:1
Sebulba’s Racer

Locations:4
Bespin
Bespin:CC
CC:West Gallery
CC:Chasm Walkway

Ships:7
Executor
Zuckuss-n-boat
Dengar-n-boat
Boba Fett-n-boat
IG-88-n-boat
OS-72-1 in Obsidian 1
OS-72-2 in Obsidian 2

Weapons:2
Maul’s Saber
Mara’s Saber

Effects:5
Dark Deal 
CC Occupation
All Too Easy
We’re The Bait
Reactor Terminal

Interrupts:16
Sense x4
You Are Beaten
Sniper/Dark Strike x2
Sith Fury
Vaders Anger
Weapon Levitation 
Join Me
Ghhhk & TRWEU
Tallon Roll/Dark Manuevers
Evader/Monok
I have you now x2 

Strategy: 

Thank you to everyone who reviewed The Real Deal. Your insights help! thank you, thank you, thank you!

Heres the card review quickly:

Darth Maul:Dark jedi, kicks face, duels jedi, ignores nonunique MKOS, and laughs at eloms.

Aura Sing:steals lightsabers, uses them, draws destiny(most of the time), is a bounty hunter...

I’m Sorry:lets you pull your other two sites once per game, but forces the deck to go without Barrier and SCrew.

Fanfare: cancels OTE and Scramble. Pulls an immediate effect...like All Too Easy

Sith Rage:kills ewoks, jawas, eloms, talz...

Vaders Anger: helps vs. TIGIH, subtract 2 from opponents battle destiny versus Vader :)

Mauls Saber: same as vaders, but it can’t be stolen.

Join Me: makes luke go immediately to used pile or cros to darkside if hit by vader
**************************

Cards I want to add: Dr.E’s Gun, Force Lightning, Lift Tubes, Choke Vader

***************************

Setup: draw your two sites before you activate. Activate 3 plus what your opponent gives you. Usually you will want to play your 2 sites right away, then use the objective to pull either CC or Bespin and play it. Play bespin ONLY when you want to flip, if they are playing any other space locations. Its not too hard to play Big E by around turn 2 with a good draw or turn 3 for sure, so if you have to go to space, thats the way to go. This deck is fast, so the only reasons for you to draw up on turn 1 are 1)you need that 3rd destiny drawing character to play DDeal; or 2) something vital to your strategy is in there. You can verify by looking for evader/monok.

turn two: you should be getting 9 to 11 force from your own stuff. the lowest possible is 7. THIS IS GUARANTEED. period. While a lot of decks will be having Mob points cancelled by new LS effects, this deck will be consistent in getting quick activation. Don’t play characters down to CC sites until you are ready to play DDeal, unless it is Emperor and Dudes. Play dark deal if possible. If not, go get Bespin to increase activation

Turn three: play dark deal. Now, if you want to befuddle the opponent, DON’T play it. Use Occupation to increase damage and drain a bit, and use some of your characters to attack their plans...they will be forced to send their beatdown squads against your invasion, tying up their characters. They probably have a few tricks, so be sure to have the Ghhhk handy. If this is more to your style, take out a sense and add another Ghhk Combo card. Once their attack force is tied up, feel free to do the Deal, as what they have left probably won’t be enough to pose a threat.

Tech: Character elimination is key to this deck. 
the new mains pose problems for other decks that they won’t pose to this one. For example, in the next two weeks, more Court and Scum decks than not will be stunned by Quigon and Obi. Not you! New Obi’s gametext has no effect on you on cloud city. weapon levitation and Aura Sing take care of them, too, as does 4-LOM. But what about destiny adding interrupts? No problem. Let them play all they want. Then, and remember to smile when you do this, remind them about Crush...AFTER they start to draw destiny. Guri and Jodo each limit them to 1 destiny at a site. The main problem will undoubtedly come from Smoke Screen: this card gets around restrictions, as it is not, technically a draw, and if used with Luke or Ben is a 6 destiny, with Qui-gon or Yoda a 7. This can kill about anybody...except perhaps the emperor. This card is the SOLE reason I forced room for 4 senses. I wanted to run 6 (you say overkill, I say watch the tourny environment the next few weeks) but I hope 4 is sufficient. Also, use Janus to track like a mad man. Pull I Have You Now, use Janus. Cycles through cards like you wouldn’t believe.

Matchups:

"8-turn games"
RST: you can fight them if ya want, but here’s what I’d do: outdrain them, and hold on to the bunker for dear life if it looks like they are going to blow it up.

MBO:funny ha ha. drain drain drain, beat them down for non flip. lets see. drain some more.

EBO:you can usually flip faster than they can. Beside, with the arrival of Walker Garrisons on the tourny scenes, don’t expect to see too many of these anymore. If it is a problem, just put in Battle Order inplace of something else.

Profit: well, you can drain, and you can drain. I suggest option number 1. It suits them better. Drop Mara and Xizor for the start. then you should drain.

MWYHL: well, you can sorta drain. But you can CC Occupation. get a ship over there and clean their sinuses. don’t forget about test 2.

"9 turn games"
Tatooine Jedi: a bit tougher, but your activation should give you an edge. If using the station, crash their party. Almost ALL your guys draw destiny by themselves, so take advantage of this

Hidden Mains: Their pilots can’t get in, thats one bonus...unless they are using the DB. Then, this can get interesting. If you can capture and secure their mains, you should be a.o.k.

"0 turn games"
WYS:) hehehe. bring it. Ghhhk stops the battle they want, and all the rest of the battles, well, they don’t want. Sith Fury takes care of nonuniques. capture uniques. rape, pillage, burn. let them drain on tatooine. or don’t. just drop Maul and Guri to the cantina and have fun. kick them in space. kick them on CC. you should have this game in the bag if you play the deck intelligently. In all seriousness, there isn’t much danger, but if you get overconfident, there still isn’t much danger :) Just don’t do something stupid like using Janus to attack 15 smugglers at the cantina with no ghhhk.

Well, thats it. I hope I haven’t offended to many WYS players, but I HATE that deck. I lost to it only once, and Never again. Ever. I burned most of the objective that I pulled from my packs :) Good for one thing: roasting marshmellows, jawas, MKOS...

Adios!

Brad R. 