---
author: anthony "yodap" payne
title: 'Furry Little Beat Down'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-08-19
description: 'This is a very fun deck to play. I LOVE EWOKS!!!!!!!!!'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (3)
Endor: Chief Chirpa’s Hut
Endor: Dense Forest 
Careful Planning 

Locations (4)
Endor: Chief Chirpa’s Hut 
Endor: Dense Forest 
Endor: Ewok Village 
Endor: Hidden Forest Trail 

Characters (31)
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk 
Chief Chirpa 
Daughter of Skywalker 
Ewok Sentry 
Ewok Spearman  x10
Ewok Tribesman 
Graak 
Ithorian  x3
Kazak 
Logray 
Luke With Lightsaber 
Lumat 
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber 
Paploo 
Qui-Gon Jinn 
Rabin 
Romba 
Teebo 
Wicket 
Wuta 

Interrupts (8)
Careful Planning 
Sound The Attack  x3
Surprise Counter Assault 
Yub Yub!  x3

Effects (1)
Wokling 

Weapons (16)
Anakin’s Lightsaber 
Chewbacca’s Bowcaster 
Ewok Bow  x4
Ewok Catapult  x4
Ewok Spear  x4
Luke’s Lightsaber 
Qui-Gon Jinn’s Lightsaber 


Strategy: 

Strategy
This deck is built obviously, with ewoks in mind. it also contains some of the main charactors to help in power.

Great forest, Cheif Chirpa’s Hut, and Careful Planning are the starting cards. I chose these sites because ewoks deploy -1 at Chirpa’s hut, and with wokling your ewoks will be +3 power!

Ok, first, ewoks, though they mostly have no base pwer, at the right location, with the right cards, you can really get a good beating from ewoks! Think about it, you get 4 ewoks at chief chirpa’s hut, they are power of 2 each, thats 8, then you add an ithorian, now it’s power 3 each, power of 12, then you add wokling, now it’s power of 4 each, total of 16. Now, you add DOS, now it’s power 5 each, totaling 20, plus DOS is 24. Thats pretty powerful for a couple of little furry guys.Then you can add to the damage by adding ome weapons, we have Anakin’s saber for the lady, then we have spears, bows, and catapults for the ewoks! Go for the spears, and onw you have an extra 4 omre power! 28! plus weapons!!! for 4 ewoks and DOS!!!!! who can argue with that!

Now, the way to do it is this, first of all, deploy ewoks at the village or the chirp man’s hut, they are mius 1 for deploy (free or close to it for most ewoks) Then move them out to Dense forest or hidden forest trail where they are power of 2. Then get DOS and ithorians out on table, put them with your ewoks. Deploy wokling, but be carefull not to start a battle there, or you will lose it.

If your opponent happens to try to force drain you, cancel it with Suprise counter assault. Suddenly, you have up to 17 ewoks all deployed for free from your reserve deck!!! Rememebr the math class before....4 ewoks was powerful, imagine 17 un-expected ewoks  :) 

Any way, thats the basics of this deck. It is not a prize winning deck, but its fun, and imagine how great it would be to kill a mains deck with a bunch of fury little guys who sound funny!!!
