---
author: Chris "CGogolen" Gogolen
title: 'RST with a twist of 3CG'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-11-30
description: 'Retrieve+direct damage+retrieve+direct damage=easy way to win.This decktype works well, and can go up against anything.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting(9):	
	An Unusual Amount of Fear
	Rebel Strike Team
	Endor
	Endor:Rebel Landing Site
	Podrace Prep
	Podrace Arena
	Anakin&#8217;s Podracer
	Boonta Eve Podrace
	Strike Planning(usually)

Shields:
	Aim High
	A Tragedy has Occurred
	Battle Plan
	Planetary Defenses
	Wise Advise
	Your Insight serves you well
	A Close Race
	Don&#8217;t do that again
	Do or do not
	He Can Go About his Business

Characters(17):
	EPP Luke x2
	EPP Han x2
	EPP Leia x2
	EPP Obi x2
	Qui-gon with saber
	Orrimaarko
	Dash Rendar
	General Calrissian
	Wedge, Red Squadron Leader
	Corran Horn
	Chewie, Protector
	Melas
	Threepio w/ Parts Showing

Ships(3):
	Gold Squadron 1
	Red Squadron 1
	Outrider

Weapons(2):
	Explosive Charges x2

Effects(5):
	Honor of the Jedi
	The Shield is Down x2
	Menace Fades
	Draw their fire

Locations(2):
	Endor: Bunker
	Endor: Back Door

Unknown(2):
	Deactivate the Shield Generator
	I did it

Interrupts(20):
	Out of Commission x2
	Transmission terminated x2
	A Step Backward x3
	Too Close for Comfort
	We Wish to Board at Once x2
All Wings report in/Darklighter Spin
Sorry about the mess/blaster proficiency
	Run Luke Run
	Throw me another charge x2
	Jedi&#8217;s Resilience
	Rebel Barrier
	Inconsequential Barriers
	Strike Blocked
	The Bith Shuffle/Desperate Reach


Strategy: 

Update- for all those who think this cannot beat LS Combat-read my tournamet report(FreedomCon Day 1/2) Game #7, where I beat Mike Gemme’s Lightsaber Combat deck(which is one of the top ranked decks)

The setup is simple.  With 24 destinies of 4 or higher in this deck, winning the race is fairly easy. It can usually be done by turn 4.  While you are racing, get out the bunker, backdoor, and deactivate the shield.  Usually I win the race, stack the destinies, track them and blow the bunker.  With 1 charge, 2 5’s will do it.  If you managed 2 6’s for the podrace destiny, you don’t need any charges, just a Throw me another charge.
Retrieve 14, they lose 14 and dump their hand.  Then you drop I did it, retrieve 4 more, and if you can hold Endor you’ll get 1 more back every turn off the bottom.  Use draw their fire with some EPP’s and there is some more force swings.
Here is how to get around Come Here you Big Coward since many people have trouble with it-if it’s out before the race, get a few guys to the backdoor and a few guys to the rebel landing site. Delay moving into the bunker.  If you already won the race and are set up in the bunker and it shows up, you should have guys at the landing site anyway.  Blow the bunker-use Deactivates text to make them lose 8 and then relocate to the backdoor.  There is your 2nd battleground.  Now use The shield is down text to retrieve 8 and make him dump his hand.  Not as efficient this way, but you do what you have to.

This deck can go toe to toe with just about anything, but here are some specifics.

Matchups:
   Huntdown-if they are racing, it’s tough.  Use the interrupts to try and drag the race on, and blow the bunker first.  With their hand gone, they won’t have interrupts to play against you, and you can retrieve any A step backwards you have already played to give you the edge.  Requires fast setup.  With their hand gone, feel free to make some EPP Runs against Vader since he won’t be able to duel.  Try to hold Endor and get Menace fades and I did it working.  Direct damage should be enough to get you ahead, if need be don’t cancel Visage so you’ll both lose to it to speed things along.
  Lightsaber Combat- Leave Maul alone.  Let him sit on Naboo and drain.  Get Menace fades set up and race/blow the bunker.  Hold the two endor sites and stock the system.  If you are feeling stupid, after you blow the bunker and he has no hand, you can go after Maul.  This will screw them up for a couple of turns while they draw another one and redeploy him, but it can backfire if you don’t track right.  You can drain for about as much as they can, but you retrieve a lot more and got a headstart with the 14 direct damage.
  Scum-not an easy game to win.  Menace fades will help with the Jabba’s Palace drains.  Until their hand is empty, don’t go to JP.  Win the race, blow the bunker.  You have to watch for the Boba Fett Beatdown, try and get the barrier if you can find it, save it for Fett.  Direct damage will take it’s toll.  They can outdrain you, but you’ve retrieved enough that you should be able to stay ahead.  Don’t give them easy spots to battle so they can retrieve for Scum.  Tough matchup, requires a near flawless game because of the speed of Scum.
  Ties-can also be tough.  Win the race and get I did it going so they can’t save to shoot cannons.  Blow the bunker to ditch the hand, and then strike immediately at a system.  Clear one and back it up.  Get draw their fire out once they have a hand again to protect against the interrupts in battle and just try to retrieve more than they can drain.  Battle PLan should make the difference, which is why you really need to hold that 1 system, preferable one you can drain for 2 at. your drains of 5 to their drains of 6-7 isn’t favorable, but you should have a good headstart and your retrieval is better.  Close game, must be played smart and alert for those brief moments of weakness or minor mistakes.
   Dark Deal-Menace fades hurts that, blow the bunker and then smack the crap out of someone on cloud city who doesn’t have interrupts to protect his butt.
    Walkers-  That’s what Menace fades is also for.  Eliminate the Garrison drain bonus and the game becomes winable.  They have direct damage, so do you but you can slow them down when they dump their hand.  If you have the opportunity-steal Hoth to protect yourself for a turn.  Honor is also in their for direct damage.  Stay off the ground on Hoth-nothing you can do against the walkers. drain for a few, retrieve often and just outlast them.  Usually a win by 10-12 if done right.
  Brangus- I’m the only fool playing Brangus(Brangus Lives)-so I’ll save those tips just in case.  who am I kidding?  you don’t need tips to beat Brangus-Brangus is dead with the new shield.  Keep telling yourself that.  