---
layout: post
author: Heraclio "Morgoth" Sanchez
title: 'Tricky SYCFA'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-02
description: 'Some dirty tricks combined with SYCFA'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Obj.
SYCFA/TUPITG

Starting(7)
DS
DS: docking bay
Alderaan
Prep. Def.
Opressive Enforcements
Battle Order
Mob Points

Locations(7)
Carida
Wakeelmui
Corulag
Fondor
Kashyyk
Kiffex
DS: War Room

Characters(15)
Lord Vader x2
Aldmiral Piett x2
Aldmiral Chiraneau x2
Ald. Motti
Ald. Ozzel
Emperor Palpatine
Commander Merrejk
Lt. Cabbel
Cp. Goodheart
DS Trooper
M&#8217;iiyoom Onith
Mara Jade

Devices(2)
Maras Stick
Vaders stick

Starships(11)
Executor
Chimaera
Devastator
Thunderflare
Death Squad. SD x3
Accusser
Zuckuss in MH
Dengar in ship
Bossk in Bus


Effects(9)
Sec. Prec.
Secret Plans
Presence of the Force x2
Something Special Planned for Them
Lateral Dammage
Traffic Control
Resistance
Therell be ***

Interrupts(5)
Imperial Command x3
Twilek Adv.
Monnok

Orders(2)
Were in attack Position Now x2


Strategy: 

Strategy
This deck gets great activation really fast (and you will need every icon you can get).
First turn: Get Executor and DS:War Room. If you get Emperor (lucky!) usually deploy him. Just deploy systems and effects. Dependindg on what youve got in had, draw every card.

Second turn: you get a minimun activation of  7 but you can get 14 (depending on your first 8 cards). Look for the trooper and deploy him in DS:db (only if you did not deploy Emperor. Go on systems and effects until youre done. Drawing a few cards and you should have anything you need.

Third and following: big deployment on systems. Deploy Executor and Chiraneau on Corulag and spread between parsecs 2 and 6 for big drains. Keep your destroyers safe with WIAPN. Dont be afraid to search and destroy your enemy if he comes to space, youve got huge amounts of power and two key cards: Imperial Command and Lateral Damage.

Know your enemy:

VS Profit: you should be wondering why	M&#8217;iiyoom Onith. Here she comes. Change your starting as following: Twilek Adv and Presence of the force (Alderaan is great). Deploy Mara and Onith on Aud. Camber. First turn: 8 activation=use Onith=Game Over. You can get your activation as usual and use Onith almost every turn. Opponent will probably get too many cards in hand so Monnok him. DO NOT USE THIS VS ALIEN-SOLO DECK.

VS TIGIH: Do not deploy anyone on DS:db unless Vader present. Take everyone there to a Star Destroyer and forget about him. It will become a drain race and you win (Chiraneau and battle order will make the difference).

VS HB: Battle Order is a must. You should be careful to avoid a swarm beatdown. Use your cards wisely and you will win.

VS QMC: Try to grabb him sabacc if he plays so. You should win the drain race.

VS EBO: Tough enemy. Never ever let him use Menace Faces and youll win.

VS MWYHL: Toughest of them all.Try to get Vader and Mara to Dagobah with Bossk in Bus. Grab On the Edge/Off the Edge. VS superfalcon? Imperial Command.

I hope you enjoy it. Its not new at all but it uses some tricks that may hurt your surprised opponent.
