---
author: Haakon ".prototype." Geburtstag
title: Project Obsolete aka. Sexual Frustration BHBM
side: Dark
date: 2001-08-06
description: @#$%tease your opponent so badly that they’ll be shooting their load early, allowing you to clean up. heh.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Start:
BHBM
DS2:throne
your destiny (is in your pants)
insignificant rebellion
prepped defenses
IAO
Mob points (NO ONE plays the hoser first turn)
I will find them quickly master/if the trace was correct (i will explain myself)

Chars:
emperor palpy x3
vader with stick x2
darklord x2
sith probe droid x3
sim shady (hi, my name is..)
janus x3 (w00t!)
mara
xizor

weap:
mara stick

interrupts:
id just as soon mount a wookie x5
sense/uncertain x3
holonet trans
you are beaten
masterful move x2
FOIL force lightning x2 (must have)
unexpected interruption
twilek advisor x2
you swindled me!
projective tele
limited res
circle
ghhk
voyeur (slap) PERVERT!!

FX:
battle order
1st strike
no escape
CHYBC
you cant hide forever
hell to pay
knowledge & defense

locations:
rendili
endor:DB
ds2:DB
cc:DB 

Strategy: 

its Project Obsolete, cause i figure this deck will die to the new LS hyperdrive objective in Coruscant, but otherwise, heres the strat:

play emperor first turn to a bg DB, hopefully you’ll have janus or someone, then when you’re ready, put vader at the same location. if they’re an idiot, they’ll follow up with luke, crossing over, however, you play Wookie, returning him to hand. the rest of the play is basically using Wookie each turn to make them hurt from your destiny. as soon as they play luke, theyre locked in cause you have to deploy him to the same location. the Sith Probe Droids arent an engine or anything, just letting you retrieve a Wookie or some other thing at a crucial point, same with No Escape. the rest is covered through stalling battles, and using First Strike. after 3-4 turns of Your Destiny, you should have the advantage. this deck is still in formative stages, and id prefer some REAL advice, as opposed to kids giving it 1 star cause it doesnt have troopers or some crap. this deck kills those kids, because it surprises idiots who think they know how to kill certain decks like BHBM by giving them luke, and picking the activation with swindle.

card choices:
you swindled me!: this card is PERFECT for this deck, cause it runs on a lot of lost cards, but also a large amount of force. play during opponents turn when you have no force pile, and something good like a probe droid lost, and they’ll think ’ho ho ho, activate’. and then you bounce luke back, and they’ll wish they retrieved that one force.

knowledge & defense: this is used in conjunction with the sense/uncertains during the opponents activate phase in order to trip it. first they activate with the insert, then you play uncertain to make them take a new hand, which will hopefully trip the insert. this way, its even more certain that you wont be beaten down upon. im thinkin of throwing in one or 2 more.

FOIL force lightning: if you dont have 2 foil force lightning, you’d better give up, cause this deck FAILS without em. and remember to tilt them in the light so you blind your opponent. use in conjunction with choke vader to whup a55holes like quigon.

projective tele: odds are that the opponent will capitalize on the few characters in the deck to launch massive EPP beatdowns. projective gets those phuckers every time.

sith probe droid: deploy from reserve to retrieve a card. not bad. use it judiciously, not just any old how. if you have the opportunity, retrieve it using first strike or no escape. thinkin bout probe telemetry as well.

voyeur: usually comes in pairs, and i think i should put in one more if i continue with it, or stop it altogether. its a quick fix of 1 or 2 force damage instantly. it will prolly go out for another insert, or a limited res, which i think will be more useful.

3x janus: the quick setup is essential. search force lightning, then janus for instant card advantage. also applies pressure with the drains.

i was thinking of taking this to an AOTBS architecture, but i decided on BHBM for the speed emperor and Your Destiny. if you have questions, dmail me before reviewing, and if you do review, keep in mind this is a prototype. if you build it, tell me how it fares against standard deck archetypes, but only if you’re a good player who kicks a55.

thanks for your considered opinion. cheers.  