---
layout: post
author: ! Phillip "Karrdeshark" Aasen
title: ! "The Good Will Be In Him  Always "
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-13
description: ! 'TIGIH that likes to cross Vader but can win without it.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'TIGIH1

Characters21
LS, JK x2 (start
EPP Obi x2
EPP Leia x2
EPP Han
General Solo
CoK
General Crix
Wuta
Figran D’an
Lt. Blount
Col. Cracken
Dash Rendar
Mirax Terrik
Wicket
Corporal Midge x2
Artoo x2

Starships7
Spiral
Tala 1
Tala 2
R2 in R5 x2
Pulsar Skate
Outrider

Weapons1
Luke’s Lightsaber (start)

Admiral’s Orders2
I’ll Take The Leader x2

Effects11
I Feel The Conflict (start)
Staging Areas (start against anything but Huntdown or BHBM)
Strike Planning (start)
Squadron Assignments (start)
DODN/WA (start against BHBM and Huntdown)
Menace Fades
Traffic Control
Disarmed x2
Lightsaber Proficiency
A Gift

Interrupts12
Insertion Planning x3
WHAAAAAAAAAOOOOW x2
Star Destroyer
HFTMF (start)
On The Edge x3
Lost In The Wilderness
Under Attack

Locations5
Endor Chief Chirpa’s Hut (start)
Endor Landing Platform
Endor Backdoor
Endor x2 '

Strategy: '

Editor’s Note #1 I use 4 copies of Artoo because in one game you will never need more than one of them.  R2 in R5 against TIES, Artoo against MKOS/Court/AOBS that plays S&V/CCT. (A Gift)  They are very good for destiny depending on what you need.

Editor’s Note #2 If you can’t see a way to make it better, say so.  I want to post an updated version so I need good sugestions. (if any)

Okay, start off the prescribed stuff.  Before you activate, go get your 2 generals.  If the opponent deploys an Imp. first turn to the DB, move Luke there and speed them on their way.  To a loss.  If they don’t stuff your activation, then deploy Crix and use him to go get either COK (if they give you three force) or Wuta.  Use Wuta to get the Back door.  Next turn Crix can get Midge and your drains will be moving.  You don’t have a lot of locations, but ITTL, Luke’s Stick and Midge make your drains very high.  Should they play Imp. Decree, don’t let ’em control sites. You don’t need to stop drains because you can ’Edge’ the stuff back. You also have Figrin.  You can win one of two ways. You will win plenty of battles and duels due to your high destinies so you can cross Vader, or you can out-drain them and On the Edge can pull it out.  You can’t pull Endor so their are 2 copies.  You have 14 destinies of 6 or higher after you get out your starting stuff, so you can easily turn Vader.  Now for the reasons for various cards

2 of each EPP You need doubles to overpower them.

Figrin D’an Retrievel and Forfiet fodder.

Artoo works with A Gift, is a spy, 6 destiny.

Starship mix You have plenty to hold Endor.

R2 in R5 Helps against TIES, is a 0 or 7 Destiny. ( I love that choice)

ITTL Stuffs TIEs and helps your drains. Is a 6 destiny.

Strike Planning Pulls your Generals.

Squadron Assignments Pulls your ships/pilots.

Staging Areas Adds to Activation.  Nearly all dark decks play DBs.

DODN/WA Anti-SAC

Menace Fades Slows their drains. (lightsabers, etc.)

Traffic Control Really helps your late-game differential.

Disarmed Anti-dueling and stuffs Fett/Dengar/the like....

Lightsaber Procifiency Helps your Obi survive the ’Circle’.  

A Gift Nullifies MKOS +2 destinies and when added to Menace Fades, can make Court and MKOS drain for Peanuts.

Endor x2 (can’t pull it.)

Insertion Planning Anti Barge, 6 destiny, stops Scum.

WHAAAAAAAAAOOOOW Anti-Court, 7 destiny.

Star Destroyer 7, great for tracking against Imperial decks.

On The Edge x3 Great retrievel

Lost in the Wilderness Make ’em pay for draining at your sites. (highly unlikely they’ll be able to)

Under Attack 6 destiny, anti-Barge.


Now for the matchups

HuntDown/BHBM Hold Endor and sites with an Iron fist.  You should win the Draining match and Figrin+On The Edge will nullify the Visage.  Turn their Vader.

Endor Ops Whup them on the ground and they die.  Turn their Vader or Battle them to death.

SYCFA Hold Endor and Drain the Heck out of ’em on the ground.

Court/MKOS You have all the tools to beat them.  If they give you a DB, Deploy to Endor and move in.  Artoo+A Gift whill wreck them.  Never deploy on Tatooine.

CCT Move Luke+backup to their Db’s and free Han.

ISB Out-drain them.  Slaughter them if they come to Endor.

AOBS move Luke to the DB and they will die.  If they capture him, they are helping you out.

No one Deck-type out their consistantly whup this deck and it can beat any deck type out there.  I am open to suggestions so please offer them.  Thanks for reading this, Enjoy   '