---
layout: post
author: ! Geoff "gsiva" Snider
title: ! 'BLITZKRIEG II'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-29
description: ! 'its beefy'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Bring Him Before Me

Locations (5)
DS2 throne room
DS2 docking bay
executor docking bay
spaceport docking bay
rendili

characters (23)
emperor x2
lord vader x2
epp vader x2
thrawn x2
igar x2
cpt.pellaeon
lennox
cabbel
evax
ds-61-2
ds-61-3
ds-61-4
ds-181-3
chiraneau
nemet
ozzel
godherdt
major rhymer

starships (8)
conquest
devastator
vengeance
executor
chimaera
thunderflare
avenger
bossk in hound&#8217;s tooth

combat vehicles (4)
tempest 1
blizzard 2
blizzard walker x2

interrupts (1)
prepared defenses

effects (10)
your destiny
insignificant rebellion
imperial arrest order
mobilization points
battle order
come here you big coward
secret plans
first strike x2
emperor&#8217;s power

admiral&#8217;s orders (8)
battle deployment x3
we&#8217;re in attack position now x3
fighters coming in x2  '

Strategy: '

okay so recyclying high destinies is the shiznit...and i’ve been a fan ever since a friend of mine creamed me with ’em way back in the day...so when AO’s came out, i was like "whoa i can recycle 6’s without them getting sensed or grabbed"  so i’m a fan.

basically this deck activates upwards of 10 force on turn 2 depending on what your opponent starts with, and most light decks these days rely on minimal space power.  these are the decks you will crush with the blitzkrieg.

i decided to do an update for this deck since Thrawn was released...now you’re getting 3 destiny in space, and with 2x Igar you’re getting 3 destiny on the ground as well (all courtesy of "the Emperor’s Power").

you win every battle because you have huge force + huge destiny, so your opponent is losing cards to insignificant rebellion left and right.  all the destinies + your immunity from the AO’s and walkers provide you with a great amount of staying power.  remember that interrupts are your worst enemy...that’s why i pack 2x first strike.

so anyways, basically this deck either works ...or it gets creamed by some really non-interactive deck (like jedi testing usually, or maybe some stupid #s deck with hit and run epps).

this one is your best bet for beating this damned WYS crap that everyone thinks is so broke.  they cannot hope to EVER keep you off the tatooine system if you’re drawing 3 destiny...especially if you have a Chimaera w/immune to <8 or an Executor w/immune to <14 they will never get all that with 2 destiny.  their celebration will fail.  their harvesting family will get b1tch beat by igar and monkeys in walkers, and luke will be captured by vader.

when you rate this deck, remember that it is strictly a meta choice and not to be played while mike girard is busy running some sabbac crap, or tim guzman is inserting AFA on you every turn.	remember not to be gay, and you will have fun running this against ANY interactive deck.

OH and if you want to beat up luke every turn (because people WILL run the new luke), then you just track 2 AO’s.	ha ha

later

geoff  '