---
layout: post
author: ! Brian "flashbender" Bender
title: ! "Dark Senate Destruction -- total control"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-19
description: ! "This deck uses the Dark Side senate objective to lock the opponent down and eliminate anything they deploy."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(7)
My Lord, Is That Legal
Blockade Flagship  Bridge
Coruscant  Galatic Senate
Prepared Defenses
You Cannot Hide Forever / Mobilization Points
There is No Try / Do, or Do Not
Imperial Arrest Order / Secret Plans

Locations(3)
Naboo  Theed Palace Docking Bay
Coruscant  Docking Bay
Rendili

Characters(35)
Toonbuck Toora x3 [ambition]
Coruscant Guard x2
Edcel Bar Gane x2 [ambition]
Orn Free Taa x2
Baskol Yeesrim x2
Tikkes x2
Yeb Yeb Adem&þ x2
Passel Argente x2  [ambition]
Lott Dod x2  [ambition]
Aks Moe x2  [ambition]
Darth Maul, Young Apprentice
Dr. Evazan x2
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle
Darth Vader with Lightsaber x3
Keder the Black
IG-88 with Riot Gun
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
Prince Xizor
4-L0M with Concussion Rifle
Arica
Emperor Palpatine

Starships(5)
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Boba Fett in Slave I
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Maul’s Sith Infiltrator
Virago

Interrupts(3)
Squabbling Delegates x3

Podracer(1)
Sebulba’s Podracer

Effects(6)
This is Outrageous
Accepting Trade Federation Control
Our Blockade is Perfectly Legal
Motion Supported
Allegations of Corruption
Come Here You Big Coward '

Strategy: '

**New Note  Currently this deck is at 7-0, including beating decks that won the podrace and retrieved 10+**

A very simple deck, and fun to play  take over the senate with the many senators, and begin to play from there. If the opponent is using senators in their deck, it make take some effort to take over the senate, but Toonbuck Toora in a majority for 1 battle with give you control.

1st turn, possibly deploy 2 senators, Rendili, and a docking bay.
2nd turn, fortify senate, and draw.
3rd turn, establish control of senate and prepare to attack.

Once Flipped and controlling the senate, deploy out the 4 effects. This allows you game control. Also, deploy the 5 senators with ambition[listed in cardlist] to add 5 in attrition in each battle.

In battle, use the senators to make their destiny -3, yours +3, to possibly inflict up to 14 attrition per battle. Cancel drains via effect, but don’t add 2 to a drain unless a strange drain race occurs. Retrieve lategame with Squabbling Delegates.

The 5 ships should easily control space, as space decks average destiny is generally low. The Tatooine Maul is not used, as this deck’s battling capability is very great.

The deck is currently 4-0, and is fun to play, but probably not as fun to play against. Against podracing, it may have trouble, but should pull through after the race[or possibly even win with some luck].   '