---
author: Jim "Sex Machine-" Green
title: Hidden Base, OMDH
side: Dark
date: 2001-07-08
description: 
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (7)
Hidden Base
Clak’dor IIV(indicator)
Rendezvous Point
HFTMF
Insurrection
Staging Areas
Squadron Ass

People (19)
Qui-Gon x2
Jedi Luke x2
Revivy Kenobi x2
Leia with Gun x2
Captain Han x2
Lando with axe x2
padme 
Chewy with Armor
Orrimarko
Corran Horn
Dash 
Wedge RSL
Mirax Terrik

Killing Toys (3)
Luke’s Saber
Obi’s Saber
Qui-Gon’s Saber

Space Fleet (5)
Home One
Falcon
Outrider
Red Squadron Uno
Pulsar Skate

Places (7)
Dagobah
Yodas Home
Tatooine
Tatooine DB
Space Port DB
ALderaan

Orders (2)
I’ll Take the Leader x2

Effects (4)
Menace Fades
Our Most Desprate Hour x3

Interrupts (14)
Throw Me Another Charge x2
Fall Of The Legend
A Few Meneuvers x2
OOC/TT x2
Run Luke, Run
Gift of the Mentor
Weapon Lev
Fallen Portal x2
Sense x2 

Strategy: 

Before Reveiwing, sorry about my posting error, I clicked ”Dark Side” instead of ”Light Side” please dont give a bad review just because it is in the wrong side jsut take a lok at the deck and please read all strategy b4 reviewing. Once agian sorry for the error.



This deck and my BHBM helped me win some tournements, this is my greatest  reation! 

Please read all strategy b4 you give a rating all ligit comments are appreciated. thank you very much! If a low rating is giving please state your reasoning. 


Turn 1) Search for Dagobah, Dagobah: Yoda’s Hut, and Tatooine Docking Bay 94. Draw the 3+what opponent give you force you have, hopefully getting some characters. 

Turn 2)Activate 8+, search for Tatooine, and space port DB, more than likely you have some Falcon part and using squad ass.. Deploy space port Db for -2 and fly up to tatooine. Draw the remaing 3 force. 

Turn 4) Activate 11+ drain for 1, search for alderaan, you now have all the zeros out of your deck now deploy a jedi to one of your DB’s depending on it being luke, qui-gon or ben, change how many cards you can draw, just kep 2 force left for battle interrupts, clash, portal, and weapon lev defend your self, and with 13 destiny 6s and 7 5s you will be ok, dont be afraid, to deploy they will have other stuff out and not alot of force, only reason you wont deploy is if the are saving up just make sure they dont have a massive pile otherwise you will be ok! 

Turn 5 and on.....) just fortify your two dbs and tatooine that is all you need to do!! Falcon with han and leia is a machine just add some help with dash and Outrider, pulsar skate , red 1 and dont forget the beat homeone. noone will touch you in space, 3 destiny, massive power and forfiet and VERY high destiny. Corran can go i space with with wedge and cancle destiny!  2 hans and one falcon that is a huge % of getting one of the+ squad ass... that is masive space power. I have enough ships! you dont think so play this and find out, not many dark sided decks have more just watch out for imperial command and Lat Damage, but we all must watch out for that combo.

On ground you have ben, luke, qui-gon, all these guys are beast, Lando with axe adds a destiny on tatooine and that is the only place you will be plus you have chewy, orimaarko . You think that isn’t enough??? Yeah right they can hold ground.!!! HA, they hold it with an iron fist jedi luke and qui-gon are beast by them selves plus their sabers. and ben and lando hold a site. and, dont forget all your battle interrupts!!! 

Battle interrupts always win the battle!! Say ben and Lando are at one db( which that is how it is) ben has his saber. Luke and Qui-gon are chilin at the other db with there sabers, so your opponets deploys mara, vader, and Tarkin to fight ben and lando thinking they can ruin my day. here is what happens,.. clash mara,run luke run, gift of the mentor! that is power 10 luke with a swing. now you crush vader with fallen portal, (usualy a 6 is tracked, well there are 5 tracable 6s and 3 tracable 5s. DONT FORGET ALL THE FLOATING DESTINIES, my destinies are insanly high,) so vader is dead, mara is clashed and tarkin is sitting there alone and doesnt draw destiny, luke and obi both get to swing at tarkin so more than likely you will hit him with the high destiny! so you have power 19 and 4 destiny to there power 4 and no destiny and zero forfiet tarkin.That can be game ending! 

If there is not battle like that 9 but there are alot of times like that) then you can always drain for 8. yes 8 and it is very easy to do. with ”Ill Take the Leader” drain plus 1 at docking bays which our the only sites so that is 4 1 at tatooine thats 5 plus 3 sabers that makes 8 and you just stay at your sites and drain dont worry about going to them, if they start draing you this is when our most desprate hour comes into play. 

Our most desprate hour is incredible!! and 3 is just enough yes, dash makes it out of play but that means you get to retrieve one extra card and you dont retrieve more than 2 times a game anyway some times all 3 but not likely! Most of the time it work like this deploy on alderaan, target captian han at tatoine, move over and retrieve, you usualy retrieve around 12-15, 2 for luke 2 for obi, 2 for qui-gon, 2 for leia, 2 for orimaarko, 2 for corran horn, 1 for han, 1 for wedge and 1 for lando! alot of those guys are our most of the time! 

you may say secret plans will kill me, not really I activate so much I can pay for it all and I do it only when i have enough activated! and lok at all the activation i get I control the docking backs plus all the systems it is a total of 16+ tha is more than the most I can retrieve anyway! 

for match ups, it is basically all the same! 
but: 

Huntdown 
Well dueling hunt down isnt going to be sen alot with all the light sides cards out but besdies that the high destinies help alot. and just try to get out your OOC/TT and cancle visage. Than just play like normal 

Scum of all Kinds/court/MKOS 
Put the space port DB as close to JP as you can so you can move in people with out none shall pass killing you! this kind of deck really can get fast powerfull drains so kill all the galids and mosep then go back to your teritory and retrieve and drain, battling these low forfiet aliens with high destiny and sabers wreck the day for court and scum 

BHBM 
Try to pick off the emporer with a saber, palpy sitting alone and activating can go down with any jedi and a saber he can be hard to hit but the destiny can do it! dont give luke until you have to, and OOC/TT either vader or palpatine and it is game over! ecspecialy if you pick off vader! 

Hunt Down the queen 
You do not have to deploy Padme from reserve deck, you shoukd not be depended on one card9padme) to save the deck, she is just an added bonus not a nessesity! 

Monkey ties 
Ill take the leader puts the hurt on this deck, all ties are power -2 and my deck carries decent space so you will be in good shape! 

Numbers in general/BHBM numbers/Hunt Down Numbers/Podrace numbers ect.... 

ALWAYS LOOK FOR SOMETHING KEEP YOUR DECK SUFFLED AND DO NOT LET ODDS POP!!! kill tech, and palpatine, then let odds pop and let them get hurt by their own numbers!!! 

Podracing 
There realy isnt protection agiant this evil deck yet, only good protection from certian decks, like dueling, podracing ect.. is playing just as many interupts as they are. the podrace alone wont kill you, just retrieve the damage and play the rest of the game out like normal! I have learned from Expiereince that you can still win the game after a lost podrace.

thank you for reading and reviewing 

All comments and suggestions are very much apreciated thank you!!   