---
author: Rich "ONE-ARM" Jeffery
title: SYCFA Big Blue
side: Dark
date: 2001-01-25
description: This is nice deck that has been labeled by some as Star Destroyer Swarm. With its quick Activation and some luck this deck can beat almost anything.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting:
SYCFA/Who the hell flips this.
Death Star
D*: Docking Bay 327
Alderaan
Prepared Defenses
(Against Most Decks)
Opressive Enforcement
You Cannot Hide Forever
Mobilization Point

Characters:
Grand Admiral Thrawn x2
Captain Gilad Pallaeon x2
Admiral Chiraneau x2
Darth Vader With Saber x2
Emperor Palpatine
Commander Merrejk
Captain Needa
Admiral Piett
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral Motti
Captain Godherdt
Captain Sarkli
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4

Star Destroyers:
Chimaera x2
Avenger
Devastator
Dominator
Vengeance
Thunderflare
Flagship Executor
Accusser

Admiral’s Orders:
We’re In Attack Position Now x2

Effects:
There’ll Be Hell To Pay x2
Lateral Damage
Presence Of The Force
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
Something Special Planned For Them

Locations:
D*: War Room
Rendili
Kashyyyk
Fondor
Mon Calamari
Kessel
Endor
Sullust

Interrupts:
Always Thinking With Your Stomach x2
Twi’lek Advisor
Gravity Shadow
Imperial Command x3 

Strategy: 

Alright I’ll start with the matchups.

Vs. Profit
    Start Secret Plans rather than YCH4E. Spread in Space. Use EPP Vader for hits. Use ATWYS to make HAn missing if you can. Your drains should win the day.

Vs. Watch Your Step.
    Start SSP4T, Secret Plans and Moby Points. Against Space you out power them, and against ground you out drain them. Either way their retreival is halted or severly slowed.

Vs. MWYHL
    I wanted Broken concetration in here but I couldn’t find room. Start Secret Plans rather that YCH4E. Try to get some bigger drains fast, but you should drain for enough even after they flip. This should be a relativly easy game.

Vs. EBO
    Hahaha You crush! More power Destinies and drains = You Win.

Vs. Hidden Base
    Again Almost and Auto Win.

Vs. TIGIH
    You Cannot Hide forever protects from inserts.
If they move luke over to your DB and he’s captured drop Vader pick the two up in a star destroyer and sit there. You might not want to keep a guy at the Docking Bay because they can still stack cards. Beat up any space they have. Super Falcon is dead to the Imperial SuperBeast as Diablo ”Diablo” Campbell put it in his article (Reflections Tech: Part Deux).


Now For the game play. First turn before you activate grab Rendili or Executor (if you drew rendili) and if you put out YCH4E grab security precautions. Drop a dude and the DB and deploy D*:War Room from Reserve. That means you’d have 12 Force + what ever the opponent put down + any systems you played on SECOND TURN! From then on you drop an admiral and Star destroyer at all drain 3 systems (With Chiraneau out). Just sit a drain. Use EPP Vader for hits and use Palpy and the D*:DB for the activation or to satisfy things like battle plan.

Now Card Choices:

Oppressive Enforcement rather that combo: The +1 destiny to ships is nice and I don’t have much that can be altered or Sensed.

YCH4E/SecPre: The extra 1 activation might not seem like much but it helps. Also anti numbers is always great.

Flagship Executor: It’s Cheaper plus the AO makes it somewhat immune.

Dominator: Pure Awsome tech. I love this card.

Gravity Shadow: Cool Card read it if you haven’t can be killer and hurts hyper escape.

Cards I’d like to find room for:
U-3PO and 1 or 2 Death Squadron SDs


Thanks For Looking.
Rich ’ONE-ARM’ Jeffery 