---
layout: post
author: Brian "Buccaneers" Speight
title: 'Black Plague'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-05-17
description: ! 'A Bring Him Before Me deck that beats the opponent down w/Emperors Power and destiny adding characters.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective Bring Him Before/I hate the 7 side

Locations 6
Endor
DSIIThrone Room
DSIIDocking Bay
CCDocking Bay
Endor Docking Bay
Docking Bay

Characters 20
Lord Vader x2
DVDLOTS x2
EPP Vader
Emperor Palpatine
Grand Moff Tarkin
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Moff Jerjerrod
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus x2
Ig-88 w/gun
Guri
Mighty Jabba
Prince Xizor
4-Lom w/gun
Commander Igar
M’iiyoom Onith
Captain Godherdt

Vehicles 5
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 4
Blizzard Scout 1

Ships 5
Executor
Devastator
Zuckuss in Ship
Bossk in Ship
Dengar in Ship

Weapons 
Vader’s Saber x2
At-At Cannon
At-St Dual Cannon x2

Epic Event 1
Target the Main Generator

Admiral Order 1
Battle Deployment

Interrupts 6
Trample
Sense 
Alter
Imbalance
Always Thinking with Your Stomach
Prepared Defenses

Effects 12
Imperial Arrest Order
Mob. Points
Imp. Decree
Emperor’s Power
Blast Door Controls
Lateral Damage x2
Insignificant Rebellion
Your Destiny '

Strategy: '

**I will be adding Young Fool to place Luke OOP.  Drop something to add it**

The title explains the deck.  It is a plague of death and battle damage.  With the Emperor’s Power, you can add 1 anywhere.  This is very good because it will help you win battles.  After you win 4, you convert Luke.  This deck is all about beatdowns in space and on ground.  I have th Cannons in because I like to shooting their characters is key.  First, if you hit Ben Kenobi, then he HAS to be forfieted instead of a Kal Fal or Tawss Khaa.  The only bad thing is that they are not forfiet 0.

This deck is 2-0 so far with 2 victories over a EBOX deck.  I plan on playtesting it more, and eventually get it perfect.  Right now though, it is very good, and I don’t know how it can get better.  

Card Choices
TTMG Kills EBO.  If you can get that done, then use Imp. Decree with Walkers.  

No Dengar because he is in space and Chewie Protector can cancel him.

At-At and At-St cannons If you hit their character then he has to go.  Starts the Black Plague.

5 Vaders I need him out fast to battle and take Luke out of the game.  

2 Lateral Damages Makes the Outrider useless, or any other ship.

Alter and Sense Cancel anything you want.  Bacta Tank, Fallen Portal, On/Off the Edge, OTE, Noble Sacrifice, Wep. Levitation, and anything else that annoys you.

Battle Deployment Just good to have.  Prevents beatdown and lets me get a At-At or At-St.  A 6.

No Admiral Piett or Commander Merrjek because I don’t need to get out my AO or Endor.  They are not a neccesity.  

Always Thinking with Your Stomach  Gets rid of a annoying character who is force draining late in the game.

Imbalance Cuts what they retrieve in half.  VERY GOOD. 

Starting
Always start with IAO, Mob. Points, and Imp. Decree.  Pull Executor and Emps. Power before you activate.  If you get Vader drop him at the DSII docking bay with Emperor.  If you got a Janus drop him on turn 2 or 3.  Get out all of you Docking bays(4) and set up your beatdown crews.  Get Janus and Empy with Vader and Saber down to a docking bay for a drain of 3.  After that, just beat them down, and the Plague will sweep across them.

Match-Ups
WYS  Not played in my area much, but I played a few.  Since you take Luke, they can forget that EPP Han/Luke/Bad Feeling combo.  Use your beatdown crews to start the Plague.  Battle in space and beat them down w/Lateral Damage and Thrawn.  Try not to let them flip.  Hopefully, you pull out a win.

MWYHL Just about gone in Raleigh.  Lay the beatdown on Leia and their other mains.  If they have no Luke, they die.  Should be pretty easy unless they pull some funky crap.

HB Mains and X-wings  Beat them down in space.  Use your Lateral Damage wisely, even though you have 2.  Drain on the ground.  If they use Strikeforce, it shouldn’t be around long because you will win your 4 battles.  If they don’t use Luke, which they both probably do, then take him out of the game.  Use Imbalance to stop their retrieving.  You will probably win by 1-8 force.  One of your toughest matchups.

Any other deck, just start the Plague and play smart.  

Please review the deck on how good it is, not just a 1/2 because you think BHBM sucks.

Thank You,
Brian '