---
layout: post
author: Geoff "GG BLADE" Bowman
title: 'Hidden Mains & Drains'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-05-27
description: ! 'A not so standard mains and drains.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Note This deck is PRE-TATOOINE, and will undergo changes when it comes out on Wednsday.

Starting Stuff (7)
Hidden Base
System Indicator
Rendezvous Point
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Squassan
Insurrection
Staging Areas

Locations (7)
Cloud City Docking Bay
Corulag
Dagobah
Dagobah Hut
Tatooine
Tatooine Docking Bay

Characters (17)
Chewbacca Protector
Obi with Stick x2 
Ben Kenobi
Luke with Stick x2
LSJK
Capt’n Han x2
Lando with Axe
Leia with Blaster x2
Jek Porkins
Coran Horn
Mirax
Dash Rendar
ANH Wedge (Destiny 4)

Ships (6)
Falcon x2
Artoo in Red 5
Red 6
Outrider
Red Squad 1

Interrupts (17)
Signal x2
Throw Me Another Charge x2
A Few Manuvers x2
On The Edge x2
Off The Edge x2
OOC/TT x2
Skywalkers
The Force is Strong With This One
Fallen Portal x2
Run Luke Run

Effects (6)
Order to Engage
Bacta Tank
Ounee Ta
Savrip
Draw Their Fire
I Hope She’s All Right

Admiral’s Order (1)
I’ll Take The Leader '

Strategy: '

Edit  Battle Plan instead of I Hope She’s All Right.

PLEASE DO NOT GIVE BAD REVIEWS BECAUSE OF TATOOINE, THIS IS A PRE-TATOOINE DECK.  TATOOINE IS NOT OUT YET.

Hidden Mains is a well known decktype, so I will not go into details, if you would like more info about the deck, please D-Mail me.

Destany Breakdown
1 Seven
8 Sixes
6 Fives
6 Fours
So around half the deck has nice destany, most of which is trackable.

How has it done in tourneys?
Well it’s gone 3-1 with a loss comming from stupidity on my part while playing against a court skum deck.  Don’t ask, it wasn’t the deck’s fault, but the idiot manipulating it.

General Strat
Turn 1  Drop Courlag and Cloud City Docking Bay.  This is a nice way to fake the opponent out that you are playing Flip HB.  

Turn 2  Drop Dagobah with Hut and Tatooine Docking Bay.  Prepare for the Beats.

Turn 3 and beyond...  Beat the crap out of the opponent with beatings of EPP’s.  If you want to hold locations use Ben with EPP Luke. Set up Super Falcon in space. Set up retrival using Mirax, Throw Me Another Charge, and A Few Manuvers, and OOC/TT.   

Matchups
These are pointless as the deck plays the same each time.  Opponent doesn’t do anything, drain everywhere.  Just be patient and wait for the opponent to deploy.

Card Reasons
Skywalkers and The Force is Strong With This One - they are both destany 5’s, and are execlent battle destany adders.  ISB Space is non existant in my area, so I usually don’t have to worry about Imperial Commands.  Guri or Wounded Wookie are the things that I have to watch out for.

I Hope She’s All Right - It’s S&D for the LS what more could you ask for.  A nice addition against a TIE deck.

Ounee Ta - Court / MKOS with None Shall Pass is somewhat popular in my region, so this little card helps out quite a bit.  It’s also a nasty suprise to an unsuspecting RalOps or AOBS with a generic docking bay player.  

Fatty Boy (Jek) and Red 6 - Well Red 6 is a uh destany 6, and Jek can draw destany all by himself.  Not too shabby if you ask me.

R2 in R5 - Why have this in here you might ask?  Well sometimes you need Luke up in the stars, plus this card is Mirax’s best friend.  

ANH Wedge???  - Well I would prefer to have high destany over his DS2 counterpart’s destany canceling.

Why no Home One docking bay?  I don’t have too many scrubs in my deck to plant there, plus it’s an extra card slot, it just doesn’t seem to be worth it.

Thank for reviewing my deck, and please give constructive critisim and suggestions, and please remember that this is PRE-TATOOINE.

Hidden Mains is a well known decktype, so if you would like to know how to play it, please d-mail me and I’ll be more than willing to explain how it works.

--
GG BLADE   '