---
layout: post
author: Heraclio "Morgoth" Sanchez
title: 'Rescue the ***** up!'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-05
description: ! 'Leia gets rescued by some strange creatures.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Obj.(1)
Rescue the Princess

Starting(9)
Prisoner 2187
DS db 327
DS Detention Block Corridor
Yavin 4 db
Yavin 4 War Room
HFTMF
Insurrection
Staging Areas
YISYW

Locations(5)
Home One db
Endor db
CC db
Spaceport db
Tatooine Cantina

Characters(20)
Obi Wan Kenobi
Ben Kenobi
Luke Jedi x2
Lando with Axe
EPP Han x2
Captain Solo
EPP Leia x2
Orimaarko
Twas Khaa
Elom x8

Starships(2)
Falcon x2

Devices/Weapons(2)
Lukes stick
Bens stick

Interrupts(17)
Sense x3
Alter x2
Control x2
Fallen Portal x2
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes x2
The Signal
Im Here to Rescue You x2
Tunnel Vision x2
Weapon Levitation

Effects(4)
Order to Engage
Bargaining Table
Plastoid Armor x2
'

Strategy: '

Strategy
This decks uses the Eloms game text that nobody cares about. Thats right PLASTOID ARMOR Its a mains deck but adding the benefits from rescuing Leia.

Tech is simple. Deploy directly to DS db your rebels and eloms. As soon as you get a plastoid armor and Im here to rescue you use the first one (usually on Kenobi) and rescue Leia.

Later on youll try and beat your opponent wherever he is (you should reach almost anywhere with your d. bays). If hes playing a drain race in space try to drain as much as possible and get the Superfalcon with Superleia (she adds another destiny for a total of four with EEP Leia). The imperial fleet with flee away form you (thats what OTE is for).

I know this deck looks stupid, and it is, but strong too. This is one of its main strenghs SURPRISE

Know your enemy

VS Court try and rescue Leia as fast as possible. Stay on the corridor for a huge drain. Dont deploy your mains until clear for a beatdown. Youve got the cards for it. If not possible rely on Fallen Portal (let them hit themselves) and SAC. Should be easy.

VS MKOS Use your aliens wisely. Lando is spy and can get tons of forfeit with a legion of Eloms and Twas Khaa. Keep draining at corridor while your mains kill aliens.

VS BHBM Key cardseloms. Youll get a lot of  power. Fallen portal should do fine too. Just concetrate on completing obj without loosing battles. Opponent wont get an easy beatdown. As soon as you complete imperials will try and get to parsec 69 -)

VS TIE swarm Superfalcon v2.0 One additional battle destiny (a total of 4). Drain as fast as you can and get Solo and EPP Leia to Falcon. Your <> db will allow you to shuttle them where you want.

VS Hunt Down Take care with Luke and Obi and let the others destroy Vader. When you complete your obj. he will be in serious danger.

I hope you enjoy it as much as I did. Your opponent will smile when revealing objectives but his smile will get frozen&#8230;
'