---
layout: post
author: joe "coo" schlagheck
title: 'Agents in the Court'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-26
description: ! 'I know the objective is underplayed but it has serious potiental in drains and battles.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7)
Agents in court/ No love for the empire
Jp Audience Chamber
Tatooine Hutt Trade Route
Podrace Prep
Ani’s pod
podrace arena
boonta eve
Uh-oh

Characters (22)
Tesseek
Ben Kenobi
Obi-wan padawan learner
Luke w/ lightsaber x2
Leia w/ gun
Han w/ gun
Han Solo
Lando w/ Vibro ax x2
Chewie protector
Kabe x 3
Chadra-fan x 7
Oromoko

Effects (9)
Traffic Control
Bo shuda
Bargaining Table
Honor of the jedi
Projection x 2
Bacta Tank
underworld contacts
Draw their fire

Weapons/ Devices (3)
Obi’s saber
Ani’s saber
Obi’s journal

Interrupts (12)
You will take me to jabba now x2
Nar shadda wind chimes/ out of somewhere
A step backward x 2
neck and neck
losing track 
Gift of the mentor
Skywalkers
Life debt
sorry about the mess/ Blaster pro x2

Locations (5)
Tat DB 94
Tat cantina
Tat jabba’s palace
Tat judland waste’s
JP entrance cavern

Starships (1)
Home one '

Strategy: '

This deck is a very good deck once you get used to playing. Start by showing your rep (kabe) and initating the podrace during the opponets turn also take i did it into hand. When it’s your turn deploy Bo shuda  from reserve deck and kabe (from hand or use you will take me to jabba now) to Audience chamber. If you don’t have either that’s okay just draw them out. Next turn Deploy tessek or draw him out later. Now you can start deploying to the Tatooine sites to force drain. Make sure you don’t stack to much but keep a sizeable force at each site (except the audience chamber seeing as how you can’t force drain). 1 chadra and a few mains at a site is a good force. By the 4th turn you should be draining for  7-10 (assuming you have tessek at the audience chamber and some sites out)and have won the podrace. Deploy i did it and try to draw out home one + kessel to add three to your drain and be able to retrive a force a turn with i did it. If the opponet starts battling you save up for a turn a deploy a sizeable force to beat him away. Don’t forget that chadras are power 4 and force drain +1. With overwhelming power and force drains you opponet is sure to crumble. The only drawback is you don’t get a high differental because you used all your cards to win, but you won. Power cards in this deck are Goo ne tay makes they’re mains deploy plus 2 each making them think twice before deploying. Obi +plus saber and journal. That journal has saved my butt a few times. If they drop iggy w/ or any body else just cancel they’re weapon destiny and chop them also since obi can move as a react you can do this at any tatooine battle Bargaining table is a must you have 6 chadras why not stop some force annoying force drains. Last power card is Lando w/ vibro ax. He can exclude an opponet’s character and adds a battle destiny. And, in case your wondering, Ani’s saber is in to deploy in force drain games just to add 1 to the loss each turn. Thank you for taking the time to read this and may the force be with you always (just kidding).  '