---
layout: post
author: ! Robert "Son of Yoda" Schiermeyer
title: ! 'AOBS scrub style'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-20
description: ! 'This is an Agents of the Black Sun deck that drains, battles, and causes direct damage.  All without Emperor Palpatine.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
Agents of Black Sun
Coruscant
Coruscant Imperial City
Prince Xixor (at Imperial City)
Prepared Defenses for
Crush the Rebellion
Imperial Arrest Order & Secret Plans
Mobilization Points

Locations (4)
Kuat
Coruscant Docking Bay
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Cloud City East Platform (Docking Bay)

Characters (19)
Prince Xixor
Guri x2
The Emporer x3
Vigo x3
Jodo Kast
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
Bossk With Mortar Gun
IG-88 With Riot Gun
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Snoova x2
Lathe x2
P-59

Starships (5)
Zuchuss In Mist Hunter x2
Boba Fett In Slave 1 x2
Dengar In Punishing One

Interrupts (12)
Twi’lek Advisor x2
I Have You Now x2
Evader & Monnok
Defensive Fire & Hutt Smooch x2
Projective Telepathy x2
Control & Set For Stun x2
Sniper & Dark Strike

Effects (10)
There Is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement
Do They Have A Code Clearence?
Blast Door Controls
Fanfare
Bounty
Lateral Damage
No Escape
Search and Destroy
Bad Feeling Have I
Presence Of The Force

Weapons (1)
Vibro-Ax

Podracers (1)
Sebulba’s Podracer

'

Strategy: '

This is going to be a LONG strategy article.  I do not expect anyone to read the whole thing.  I merely ask that you see the cards in the deck and a few of the things I wrote and tell me what you think. And by the way, this is my first deck posted on decktech.

I have only played this deck in two tournaments and need some input.  It went 2-1 in my first tournament, losing only to Brian Hunter.  I tweaked it a little after Coruscant came out, then I tried my luck out at the next tournament.  I went 3-0 beating two players that had 1700+ ratings.  That is pretty good considering my ranking is in the low 1600’s. Now on to the strategies behing the deck.

This deck is pretty easy to play. I almost always start IAO & Secret Plans and Mob. Point.  The third can vary.  The default is Crush the Rebellion, but there is Do They Have A Code Clearence? against WYS or any other high retrieval deck and There Is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement against heave SAC decks.  

Before I activate, I pull Kuat and Evader & Monnock.  Then activate.  Pull the coruscant docking bay.  But, I would not recommend moving Xixor to the Docking bay if your oppent can pull the light side Coruscant docking bay.  You don’t want Xixor to get a beating on the first turn.  The only exception is if your opponent is not activating much force. Then draw until you get some guys to reinforce Xixor.  During my opponents turn pull I Have You Now.  Then on my second turn I pull either the CC Docking Bay or the DS Docking Bay.  I move Xixor to one of them with reinforcements and flip my objective.  After that, the rest of the game is pretty much reactive.

Reasons for some of the cards
-Why Kuat and not a battle ground system to drain at? The main reason is that I don’t want to give my opponent more activation than I have to.  Also, if I can drain at the system...so can my opponent.
-Why CC and DS Docking bays? They work combined with Crush the Rebellion to help defend against an utter beatdown if something goes wrong.  My opponent can only draw two battle destinies.  If I put Jodo Kast to one of them, my opponent can only draw one battle destiny.
-Bad Feeling Have I is a great card all around.  It works great with this deck since I only give my opponent at most 2 icons.
-Search and Destroy forces my oppent to come to ground with someone besides Jedi Luke.
-Blast Door Controls cancles some of the most annoying cards in the game, especially the barriers that always seem to show up when I am ready to lay the beat down.
-Lateral Damage can end a game. It is also great against Dash.
-No Escape cancles Honor of the Jedi.
-Fanfare gets rid of Order to Engage and Scramble.  I never want to be forced into battles and Scramble can hurt since almost everyone in my deck is a pilot.
-Bounty puts a death mark on an opponents character.
-Projective Telepathy has bailed me out of beatdowns. (My opponent only saved 1 to initiate battle not 3) It also makes my opponent think twice about whether or not he wants to drain me.
-Control & Set For Stun can cancle a large drain or make an opponents key character return to his hand.
-Defensive Fire & Hutt Smooch can help me capture an opponents undercover spy (usually boush, TK-422, or even Artoo with A Gift)or if my opponent only saved 2-3 cards in hand, I can make him put one of those important cards in used pile.
-Evader & Monnok keeps their hand small and can rid their hand of doubles.
-Twi’lek Advisor pulls much needed effects
-Sniper & Dark Strike can help set me up for a beat down.  I can sniper one of opponents characters then battle away the rest or cause one of opponent hit characters to be immidiatley lost.
-Zuckuss in Ship usually makes my opponents total battle destiny up in space equal zero
-Boba in Ship is extremely high power for a single card.
-Dengar in Ship rids their immunity
-Only one more Xixor? That’s all I need in my deck.
-P59 makes my opponent lose two force if he hits someone and can draw destiny if not able to otherwise
-Lathe x2? He allows me to shuffle opponents deck.  This is key against decks that use On the Edge and/or Off the Edge.  It is also great against low destiny decks that rely on tracking.
-Snoova and ax is almost an automatic capture.  I usually save him in hand until Luke hits table, then he captures Luke for me.
-4-LOM with gun cancles game text.  Such as permanent weapons or immunity
-Iggy with gun has great power and defense.  He adds a destingy, can capture, what more can I say?
-Vigo deploys for free to Coruscant and adds 1 to drain
-The Emporer and not Emporer Palpatine? Hey, I’m not rich and do not have rich friends.  I did happen to get 3 boxes of DS II though, but I did not get a single Emporer? But The Emporer works fine with the objective and that is good enough for me.
-Guri protects Xixor and prevents opponent form drawing more than one destiny
-Dengar with gun can target twice.
-Bossk with gun can draw a 1 and capture Qui-Gonn Nice huh.

Some missing cards
-No barriers? I have never played with barriers but would like to start playing with them.  I am not sure what to take out though.
-No grabbers? I really should stick one of these in if not two.  But again, I am not sure what to take out.

Now for the matchups

WYS palace raiders Must start DTHACC?. Monnock their hand to get as many doubles out as you can.  Use Lathe to make them think twice about putting more than one palace raider at a site.  Take Tatooine system with your ships so celebration doesn’t get set up.

WYS space Must start DTHACC?. Just beat them up as best you can using your ships and lateral damage while you are draining them on the ground and making them lose direct damage.

Profit I am not really sure which two aliens to stick down.  It will be a tough decision.  Control the AC and make them lose to your object, drain for what you can, and get search and destroy working so that they can’t save up a beat down to take over the AC in their hand.

HB flip You must have patience.  Make them lose to your object, drain, and get search and destroy working.  You should be making your opponent lose more than they are making you lose. Your opponent should then be forced to flip to stop the damage from your drains.  Then, and only then, do you go to space.  Make sure Blast Door Controls is out.  Put Boba, Zuckuss, and Dengar all at different systems.  Probe those three, then group your ships back together.  You should be able to probe 3-4 systems by the time it is your turn again.  By then you should have placed their objective out of play. Then just sit and drain and cause direct damage.

Senate I am not really sure how to defend against this.  I would suggest playing your own game.  Drain, battle, direct damage, and set for stun their key senators at the right time.

Brilliant Pile Keep your forces concentrated.  Don’t let a quick rush of mains get rid of Xixor and all your other scrubs. Try and get Bad Feeling Have I out early.

Jedi Training  Opponent should lose the game before he flips.  The force loss from drains, objective, and search and destroy should be too much.

EBO-X This is a tough matchup.  There are two contols to cancle two big drains and there are some bounty hunting ships.  Dengar should help tremendously up in space. He cancles immunity and adds to battle destiny.  Again, drain and cause direct damage from your objective and search and destroy.

QMC There is a a CC docking bay in this deck.  There are also plenty of bounty hunters that can go to the floating city.  You can use the bounty hunter ships and lateral damage to cancle celebration. Use the bounty to chase them around during your control phase.

RST This is similar to the Profit strategy.  Control the Bunker and keep the drains and direct damage going.

MBO I have NEVER seen this deck in local tournaments.  This deck should be an autowin.  Put guys down at the Yavin IV docking bay and invade the planet.  Do not let them flip and do not put out the DS or CC Docking bay.  Use the Yavin docking bay as the battle ground for Xixor.  Your opponent should only activate 5 a turn when all his sites are out. Your opponent can’t do anything with that little activation.

Watto’s Junkyard objective I have not seen someone play this but it should be an easy win.  Your opponent can only put out republic characters and unique aliens.  That means no Leia, Han, Luke, Ben Kenobi, or any other of the great rebel characters. That also means no luke is going to come out against this deck. This should be an autowin.

TIGIH Scouts This can be tough because Luke can get to a battle ground early.  My suggestion is to capture him with a bounty hunter.  (I think I only lose force if he is escorted by an imperial besides Vader, am I right?) Watch out for the scouts.  Some can be pretty nasty.

Overall Battle, drain, direct damage.

Thanks for reading. (or for what parts you did read)

Robert Schiermeyer

BTW my e-mail is starwarsplayer@aol.com

'