---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "MadSkills84" Pistone
title: ! "Madskills’ Court Mains"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-20
description: ! 'Yeah I’ve had nothing to do all summer, so since every one keeps talking about how dark side mains have no shot, I decided to come up with a deck for them.  This is the best I’ve come up with.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
Court Of The Vile Gangster/I Shall Enjoy Watching You Die
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber 
Jabba’s Palace Dungeon 
Tatooine Great Pit Of Carkoon
Prepared Defenses
Crush The Rebellion
You Cannot Hide Forever
There Is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement 

Locations (5)
Coruscant Docking Bay 
Death Star II Docking Bay 
Executor Docking Bay 
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)  x2

Characters (18)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle 
Aurra Sing 
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle 
Darth Maul  x2
Darth Vader With Lightsaber  x2
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba 
Emperor Palpatine  x2
IG-88 With Riot Gun 
Janus Greejatus  x2
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand 
Mighty Jabba 
Prince Xizor 
Snoova 
U-3PO (Yoo-Threepio) 

Starships (3)
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth 
Stinger 
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 

Interrupts (14)
Elis Helrot 
Evader & Monnok 
Force Lightning  x2
Ghhhk 
I Have You Now 
Masterful Move  x2
Omni Box & It’s Worse 
Operational As Planned  x2
Twi’lek Advisor  x2
Weapon Levitation 

Effects (8)
Death Mark 
Much Anger In Him 
No Escape 
Responsibility Of Command  x2
Secret Plans 
There’ll Be Hell To Pay  x2

Weapons (3)
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber 
Maul’s Lightsaber 
Vibro-Ax 

Podracer (1)
Sebulba’s Podracer 
'

Strategy: '

UPDATE
Ya I’ve been tired lately, thanks for pointing out my error in my strategy section, crush only works at mobile sites i knew that but just didn’t think of it.  thanks for input i think i will go with more space, but again i want to point out to people because i had at least one review saying i was hurt by goo nee tay.  REMEMBER my objective says my bounty hunters are immune to goo nee tay, so they make up a good portion of the characters in this deck, just keep that in mind.  If people want i’ll post a version 2.0 of this.

Ok so I’ve decided to post a mains deck.  Here’s some answers to some of the questions you’ve been asking

Why court?
Court allows me not to start IAO, and allows me to still get out my docking bays.  It gives a boost to the forfeit of my bounty hunters and I try to make as much use of that as I can with this deck.  Also it makes them immune to Goo Nee Tay which is very cool.  It also allows me to deploy non aligned ships right out of the reserve deck which is very cool.  I get 5 force to start while only giving them 2, with the docking bays this is plenty of force to get the ball rolling.  Also against RST and QMC you can ping them for one damage a turn with the objective so it’s cool.

Set-up, you start your stuff and get docking bays up and wait for your opponent to make the first move, then react to what they do and battle them on their turf.  If you play against a heavy space deck, set up the shaft against them if you can, if they set up a site that is just too overpowered to beat down, you can set up the shaft on there.  For those of you who don’t know what the shaft is, it’s the Responsibility of Command/Much Anger In Him combo using the Hoth War Room. 

Here’s some card choices
Crush pulls evader/monnok, i have you now and limits destiny against the wys beats.

YCHF makes opponent think i’m playing mob. points and they can waste an effect on this, also protects from numbers which still exist and makes the lightsaber swings easier against qui gon.

TINT/Oppressive I don’t play sac and i like free grabbers.  Biggest problem for this deck is the pile so you must stop their SAC.

Characters My characters are pretty balanced, with more bounty hunters than usual to benefit from my objective.  U-3PO rules and should be in every ds deck right now, minus numbers.  I play Palpatine/Janus to increase the destinies of the deck.

Ships I play just enough space to get by, set up the shaft in space, only do one smack in space, don’t try to contest it against any ls deck except rst.

Interrupts I tried to keep the destinies in here high, so the interrupts reflect that, they are all pretty much self-explanatory.

Effects Wys is very big around here so Death Mark can prove to be a killer card.  The ROC/Much Anger in Him Combo is huge, i play 2x ROC for the reason i can use that to block draining against wys, the much anger in him isn’t as vital as the ROC.

I play the podracer cuz I feel my destinies are high enough to give the ls a run for it’s money, i dunno.

Neways comments are welcome tell me what you think.

Madskills
'