---
layout: post
author: David "JWRP119" Monteiro
title: 'Hash Pipe'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-10
description: 'My SYCFA deck.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Deck copied from Card Game Organizer
http://www.angelfire.com/nc2/CardOrganizer/

[Starting Cards]

A Million Voices Crying Out
Alderaan
Death Star
Death Star: Docking Bay 327
Mobilization Points
Prepared Defenses
Set Your Course For Alderaan
There Is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement

[Decklist]

Admiral’s Orders
2x We’re In Attack Position Now

Characters
1x Admiral Chiraneau
1x Admiral Ozzel
1x Admiral Piett
1x Arica
1x Captain Godherdt
1x Captain Lennox
2x Darth Vader With Lightsaber
3x Death Star Gunner
1x Grand Admiral Thrawn
1x Grand Moff Tarkin
1x Guri
1x Officer Evax
1x U-3PO (Yoo-Threepio)

Effects
1x Imperial Decree
1x Kuat Drive Yards
1x Lateral Damage
1x Secret Plans
1x Something Special Planned For Them
1x There’ll Be Hell To Pay

Epic Events
1x Commence Primary Ignition

Interrupts
1x Ghhhk & Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us
1x Gravity Shadow
1x Imperial Barrier
2x Imperial Command
1x Ommni Box & It’s Worse
1x Point Man
2x Twi’lek Advisor

Locations
1x Death Star: War Room
1x Hoth
1x Kiffex
1x Kuat
1x Sullust
1x Yavin 4

Podracers
1x Sebulba’s Podracer

Starships
1x Accuser
1x Avenger
1x Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
2x Chimaera
1x Devastator
1x Dominator
1x Executor
1x Thunderflare
1x Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Weapons
1x Superlaser 

Strategy: 

--Revisions--

Kessel is the system with the ability greater than 6 to draw destiny thing, not Kashyyyk. Thanks Scorpio for pointing that out!

Try this link, I copied it straight from my browser while I was there. http://www.angelfire.com/nc2/cardorganizer/ 

What to do against WYS - This deck usually doesn’t hold more than 1 system. The key to this matchup is to drain drain drain. If they can pull off Menace Fades then pounce on them, your retrieval is steady. When you need, pull a Destroyer with Kuat Drive Yards and retrieve 3! Don’t forget your huge immunity with KDY and We’re In Attack Position Now.

Out - Sebulba’s Podracer
In - Imperial Command

Nabrun and early Spies are a problem yes. I would like to add 2 PASOA or Tarkin’s Orders. Any suggestions on what to take out?

--End Revisions--


[Strategy]

Ok, first off, I made this deck when I saw Bryce Stevenson’s ”Tarkin’s Whim” and decided to make it better. Next we’ll discuss the starting cards. Mobilization Points is not dead, this card works as long as the counter isn’t on table - duh. Use it to pull Kuat or Executor before you activate. SAC Killer is in here because I don’t like it when people try to get rid of my stuff and also free grabber. You should be able to blow up Alderaan fairly quickly. I have gotten at least 1 Gunner in my opening hand during every game of playtesting so it’s really not a problem, besides you can use SYCFA’s text to pull them as well. Don’t forget to move the Death Star. Let’s take a look at some card choices shall we?

Avenger - Built in ability 2 pilot.

Kuat Drive Yards - This card is huge in the deck. This is mainly why there are 2 Twi’lek Advisors to help pull it. Let’s you deploy an Imperial Class Destroyer here from Reserve deck which, as we all know, is huge. Also let’s you retrieve when you want to. It gets better, all you Imperial Class Destroyers are immune to attrition less than 4, still not good enough for you? Well, bust out We’re In Attack Position Now and biggity bam you got immunity to attrition less than 6!

Chimaera x2 - This is quite possibly the second best ship in the fleet. Huge immunity with Thrawn and We’re In Attack Position Now out.

Gravity Shadow - I don’t know about you, but I *hate* Hyper Escape....strand one of those Rebel scum pilots and show him the power of the Imperial war machine.

Point Man - I chose Point Man over Fanfare because Point Man is a 5, doesn’t stay on table the whole game, and can be recycled from Lost pile with retrieval. Fanfare is a wasted card if it just sits on table. Besides, Point Man cancels more things, like Demotion when it’s deployed on our beloved Admiral Chiraneau.

Captain Godherdt - This guy is too good. Cancels Landing Claw and adds 3 to power of any ship.

Officer Evax and Captain Lennox - Two of the best pilots in the fleet. Evax deploys for 2, has ability 2, adds 2, and has forfeit 5. Same for Lennox except he has 1 more deploy

System Choices -  
	Kuat- Kuat Drive Yards goes here and can be pulled with Mobilization Points
	Yavin 4 - Turns into a drain of 3, 4 with Chiraneau. Target for CPI and Imperial Decree.
	Hoth - Makes Ebo decks go biggity boom. Drain 3, 4 with Chiraneu. Target for CPI and Decree.
	Kiffex - Turns into a drain of 4, 5 with Chiraneu.
        Sullust - See Kiffex.

Systems I would like to add -
	Kashyyyk - Drain of 4, 5 with Chiraneu. Ability 6 or more for opponent to draw destiny.
	Kessel - Converts LS Kessel and reduces ship deployment.

Omni Box & It’s Worse - A nice recycling 5 that messes up tracking. It Could Be Worse is creeping it’s way back into some light side decks.

61st Cards -
	Another Lateral Damage.
	Endor Occupation - Why waste your time taking over the system when you can just cancel it?
	Another Imperial Command or Guri.
	Death Star: Conference Room - Nice addition. More force. Lots of Leaders here so it helps CPI.
	Daroe - Come on, it would be fun to see him pull it off :-) 

This deck has a small problem with destiny draws early game, but once you get the system out with the flip side of Set Your Course and those Destroyers out with KDY you shouldn’t have much of a problem. Don’t forget to retrieve 3 when you deploy a Destroyer. I’m not going to go into matchups, no one likes those very much. I’ll tell you this, be wary if you face MBO. Be fast, I can’t stress that enough. Drain as fast and as much as you can! You can try to blow up Yavin 4 if you can get a high enough total, it’s up to you. Profit could also be a wee bit of trouble. The direct damage is annoying indeed. Park Arica at the Chamber and let U-3PO run around saying no to drains. Again, leave it to Decree to pull out the win - same goes for mains with sabers and EBO. Well, I can’t think of much more to write. Constructive reviews are always welcome and appreciated. I would like to hear what some of you have to say on how to improve this further. Once again, props to Bryce. I’ll update with responses and revisions. Oh, and the name of deck comes from the song of the same name by Weezer which can be found on their new ”Green Album”. (Please don’t rate the deck poorly just because you don’t like Weezer.) Thanks.

-David Monteiro       