---
layout: post
author: ! Kimberly "Arwen Even*" Caton
title: ! "Kims Agents Are Landing"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-09
description: ! 'ISB Operations on a Hoth platform, in conjunction with You May Start Your Landing.  Went undefeated in the Origins Open, has beaten just about any and every light decktype there is.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
ISB Operations / Empire’s Sinister Agents

Locations (9)
Coruscant Imperial Square
Hoth x2
Hoth Mountains
Hoth Ice Plains x3
Hoth North Ridge
Hoth Defensive Perimeter

Characters (12)
5D6-RA7
Arica
Guri
Chall Beken
Commander Merrejk
Outer Rim Scout x7

Starships (3)
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Jabba’s Space Cruiser
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Combat Vehicles (5)
Blizzard 1
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Walker
Tempest 1
Dune Walker

Effects (19)
Imperial Decree (start)
Imperial Arrest Order (start)
There Is No Try/ Oppressive Enforcement 
     (start)
You May Start Your Landing
Resistance
No Escape
Frostbite
Den of Thieves
Rebel Base Occupation
Crush the Rebellion
Secret Plans
Ice Storm x2
Sunsdown x2
Presence of the Force x2
There’ll Be Hell to Pay x2

Interrupts (11)
Prepared Defenses (start)
Twi’lek Advisor x2
Walker Garrison x2
Endor Occupation
Nevar Yalnal
Abyssin Ornament x2
Ghhhk/ Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us x2






'

Strategy: '

Okay, this deck is a BEAST.  Provided I don’t make any major playing errors (and most of the time even if I do) this deck will win.  Onto the strategy

Basically, you start the Imperial Square and Decree, Areest Order (because Nabrun beatdown is one thing that USED to beat the deck (if I didn’t have the Ghhk / Rebels Won’t -- in my hand), and No Try / Opp combo.

Drop the cards you need as you get them (sites, walkers, agents, etc.) and basically get yourself set up.  Twi’lek for whatever effects happen to be apropriate at the time (Den of Thieves is usually a good early choice, to limit loss).  It usually takes a few turns to get good and set up completely, but you can flip early, cancel their drain bonuses and knock off their drains, and nick them for some quick drans and direct damage.  Sunsdown will let your spies deploy for free to Hoth, Frostbite will make them lose force for every character they have present at a Hoth site, and Ice Storms will make their characters mssing and double the damage from Frostbite. If the threat of all that doesn’t keep them off of Hoth, you’ll just win faster and by more because of the effects combo and all the damage you can do after they have no characters left.  However, once you’re set up --

You can max out your damage at 25 during your control phase, and if they have characters on Hoth (missing or otherwise) a bunch more at the end of their turns.  Nevar Yalnal takes care of Blount at Coruscant or Corran Horne (and I beat Scott L’s RST deck with my objective on 0 the whole time).  Test 1 and Menace Fades are annoying, but there’s enough direct damage in the deck to win anyway, coupled with your drain cancellation, no bonuses, and 5D6 and Arica on Tatooine.  The ships in the deck can also be enough to knock WYS for a loop, making them move around and gather together at one system, thereby losing Menace Fades (most people don’t notice until I play Garrison on my turn).  Slave Quarters / Shmi / Threepio decks are an auto-win.  To answer a couple of comments I got back, I have played QMC, EBO, and decks with revos (Imperial Decree) in them multiple times... the deck won them all.  Crush is in there to keep my Presences from getting cancelled.  I start the Imp Square so I can Nevar Yalnal Blount if he gets there.  And I cannot, CANNOT, take out any of the effects, because if I swapped even two for a couple of Vaders or ships or something, Hoth can get invaded and 2 Vaders are not going to keep a beatdown force at bay.  The whole point of the effects is to make sure I don’t HAVE to battle, and they WORK.  All you need is ONE TURN to pull off your stuff and half of any deck is gone

There is a lot of stuff you need to get out, but believe me when I say it is NOT a problem.  Yeah, I occasionally get a bad opening hand, but what deck doesn’t?  It’ll win anyway, it always has.  It rolled over everything at Origins, every deck type I played, and I hope to God I can still keep it semi-intact when Coruscant comes out)  Thanks for reading, and ISB will live forever     '