---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "MadSkills84" Pistone
title: ! "Madskills’ Council Chamber Mains"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-09-01
description: ! "Plays almost exactly like Hidden Base mains, but gives them less force and allows you to drain for more in space.  If you want a good LS deck that isn’t WYS here’s your deck."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (5)
Coruscant Jedi Council Chamber
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Staging Areas
Insurrection & Aim High
Your Insight Serves You Well (or Don’t Do That Again if they play Mobilization Points)

Locations (5)
Home One Docking Bay
Spaceport Docking Bay
Cloud City Docking Bay
Coruscant Docking Bay
Kessel

Characters (18)
3x Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
3x Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
2x Qui-Gon Jinn
2x Captain Han Solo
2x Leia With Blaster Rifle
Yoda Senior Council Member
Corran Horn
Phylo Gandish
Lando With Vibro-Ax
Lieutenant Blount
Wedge Antilles

Starships (4)
2x Millennium Falcon
Spiral
Liberty

Weapons (3)
Anakin’s Lightsaber
Luke’s Lightsaber
Qui Gon Jinn’s Lightsaber

Interrupts (18)
2x On The Edge
2x Off The Edge
2x Fall Of The Legend
2x Throw Me Another Charge
2x Out Of Comission & Transmission Terminated
2x Sorry About The Mess
Gift Of The Mentor
The Signal
Weapon Levitation
2x Fallen Portal
Shocking Information & Grimtaash

Effects (7)
Battle Plan & Draw Their Fire
Ounee Ta
Don’t Do That Again
Menace Fades
Honor Of The Jedi
A Tragedy Has Occurred
I Hope She’s Alright '

Strategy: '

Update  Ok I don’t know how this got back on Top 10 but it did, so i’ll respond to reviews now.

Hey ”Sex Machine” You are a dumb piece of @#$%. Here’s my responses for all your retarded comments.

”This is way to old school.”
----Oh you mean TOO old school. How is this old school when coruscant cards have been out for a month?

”On/Off gets raped now-a-days, do the have a code clearence, SSPFT and sense(SAC is back)”
----Who the hell plays code clearance? SSPFT doesn’t rape edges. WTF are you smoking, what kinda moron plays SAC now? Ever heard of WYS...obviously not cuz you SUCK.

”Fallen Portal will rape your own characters and once agian sense”
----I explained my logic on why I still use Portal.  Maybe if you learn to read you can read my strategy section.  Once again...NO ONE SHOULD BE PLAYING SENSE CUZ OF WYS YOU MORON.

why no the sorry combo?
----Ah your dyslexia continues.  Why NOT?  Cuz of destiny, why else?

”your space will get rapced why not red S1 you play edge? no squassins? it takes to long to put ships together”
----Oh i hope my space doesn’t get rapced.  I don’t use squass because there is no room to start it, i’d love to be able to start 4 effects.  I don’t have problem putting ships together, my mechanic does it for me.

kessel is a waste
----Ummm drain 3 system.  How is that a waste.

”Anikans....?”
----That just shows you are stupid.  You can deploy Anakins on Leia just like my STRATEGY SECTION SAYS.  It’s also better against monnok.


”good luck satisfing menace fades with your weak space fleet”
----YOU DUMBASS I CAN SET IT UP BY CONTROLLING 3 CORUSCANT LOCATIONS....JUST LIKE MY STRATEGY SECTION SAYS

”dash outrider mirax pulsar skate home one those are good ships”
----Dash and Mirax are good ships??  No wait...ah yes people who aren’t morons realize those are characters.  DUMBASS.

”concil is a big drain waitin to happen”
----Um, I use Honor you idiot, you can use all sites that give you 1 force each and activate 7 a game if you’d like though.

”the HB version is better it gets activaion out much faster also it doesnt allow a massive drain waiting to happen.”
----Um activation is just as fast with this and i have the drains taken care of.

”darn you cannot drain big at kessel well with your ships you cant anyway, zuckuss, chimera thwarn and imperial command = major raping”
----Any moron (except you) knows you can drain for 3 at Kessel.  3 is alot.  Ok if zuckuss, chimaera trawn and imperial command come down in one turn they would need 18 force.  You show me dark deck that can do that.

”This is a powerful deck...2 months ago im sorry”
----1st...i posted it a month ago you 1500 rated piece of @#$%.  2nd...CORUSCANT WASN’T OUT 2 MONTHS AGO  I’m sorry too that you are so stupid. 

END UPDATE

Ok I think this is a really cool deck, and if you can play Hidden Base mains you can play this with relative ease.

Strategy
First turn you activate your 4, most dark side decks will give you at least one force by this time so you will most likely have 5.  If Yoda is in your reserve deck pull him out and throw him to the Council.  Move him over to the Coruscant DB that turn.  Smart dark players will fear portal and probably leave Yoda alone first turn.  If they challenge you...well that’s why I play 2 portals.  The DS canceller card is tough to find room for in already tight decks so I didn’t see it played at all...if it’s big in your area, then don’t play portal, play houjix/out of somewhere in case of beatdown.  From there pull more docking bays and back up Yoda and set up some force drains and get more activation along with it.  This deck involves tracking to win, if you can’t track take out the edges and the recyclable 6’s and put in sense alter instead, it’d probably work better for you.  Set up multiple edges to keep yourself alive longer.  Battle plan is good because it makes your opponent spend force to drain and most dark decks don’t get much force for themselves.  If they lose their starships the drain at Kessel can be really nice.  Honor Of The Jedi is a GOD card and it really screws over a lot of popular deck ideas right now (Hunt Down, Senate, Watto)  Basically that’s all the strategy behind this deck.  Here’s some card choices

Spaceport Docking Bay Do you realize you can set up menace fades if you deploy this to coruscant and control the council chamber and the two docking bays?  Go read meance fades.  Yeah it’s good.

Phylo Gandish  This card is in my opinion the best LS card out of the entire Coruscant set.  It’s sooo good draining them for that much.

Corran Horn  There are so many undercover spies right now, strike back at them.

Anakin’s Lighstaber It can deploy on Leia.

Edges Retrieval is good.

Sorry About The Mess I like the destiny on this card better than the blaster proficiency version, it’s a matter of personal preferance.

Gift Of The Mentor Such a useful card.

Shocking/Grimtaash Grimtaash is such a useful card, so many DS decks depend on multiples of particular cards to do well, this is good for that.

Ounee Ta Great in conjunction with an Edge.

Don’t Do That Again Mobilization Points pisses me off.

Honor Read the strategy section, this card is huge.

Menace Fades Can set it up with Coruscant locations.

A Tragedy Has Occurred Better destiny than Push.

I Hope She’s Alright Anti-Senate card.

That’s it, comments are welcome.  Questions, dmail me.  '