---
layout: post
author: Alex "SmugglerDude" Deschaine
title: 'Podracer Drains'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-16
description: ! 'This podracing deck drains HUGE, and hardly ever flips. Its got real good battling power also.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Court Of The Vile Gangster
Dungeon
AC
Great Pit of Carcoon
Start Your Engines 
Podrace Arena
Boonta Eve Podrace
Sebulbas Podracer
Power of the Hutt

Characters (20)
Yade M’Rak x1
Mosep x1
Prince Xizor x1
Guri x1
Bossk with Mortar Gun x1
Arcia x1
Dengar with Blaster Carbine x1
Djas Puhr x1
Jodo Cast x1
Ephant Mon x1
Televan Koreyy x1
Dr.Evazan & Ponda Baba x1
Jabba x1
Boleo x1
Boba Fett x1
Gardula the Hutt x1
Ree-Yees x1
U-3PO x1
IG-88 with Riot Gun x1
Bane Malar x1

Weapons (1)
Naboo Blaster Rifle x1

Vehicles (1)
Jabbas Sail Barge x1

Starships (4)
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter x2
Bossk in Hound Tooth x1
Dengar in Punishing One x1

Interrupts (13)
Masterful Move & Endor Occupation x1
Alter & Collateral Damage x1
Nemodian Advisor x1
None Shall Pass x1
Search and Destroy x1
Shocking Revelation x1
Elis Herlot x1
Twilek Advisor x1
Imperial Barrier x2
Podracer Collision x3

Sites (6)
T.Docking Bay 94 x1
Cloud City Docking Bay x1
T. Cantina x1
T. Lars Moisture Farm x1
T. Judland Wastes x1
T. Tusken Canyon x1

Effects (6)
Hutt Influence x1
First Strike x1
No Escape x1
Scum & Villainy x2
Secret Plans x1
'

Strategy: '

This deck is designed to set-up and drain fast. It hardly ever flips, if ever. I podrace because nobody in my area runs Anakins Podracer, and the retrieval is nice. The lone weapon is supposed to go on Jodo Cast. It fires for free on him, and it adds 4 to the destiny. I have never missed hitting somebody with this deck. (I have hit Qui-Gon at least 10 times) I only put in the capturing people to shoot people back in opponents Used Pile. This is how it sizes up with popular Rebel decks.

Against WYS This is the easiest match up. (Yes, I said easy.) Make a strike force and move over to the Cantina. Try to convert it first. Fire your weapons as much as possible, and make sure you have Dr.Evazan there to operate on the hit people. In space, try to avoid their large forces, and focus on any stragglers they have floating around. This is easy to win against.

Against QMC QMC decks dont usually run the docking bay, so I do. This is a match up against speed versus power. Try to get control of Bespin first. Move a force to Cloud City and take out the main groups your opponents have. Keep a guarding force on Tatooine in case they decide to invade there while you arent there. Be careful against this deck. If you arent careful, youll get jumped anywhere.

Against HBSpread out on Tatooine to drain. Get your space fleet on table ASAP. Move them in one group across the table, probing as you go. Try to probe the base quickly, because the flip side of HB kills your strategy. This will be a little hard to win in space, so try not to battle. Focus on probing their base and moving from areas that the opponent is guarding heavily. This is a hard match up, so keep your wits at all times.

Against RST Not much you can do except try to take out their forces and drain them on Tatooine as much as possible. They usually podrace, so you might lose it. I have never played against one of these decks with this, so I dont know how it does against it.

Thats about all I can say about this deck. Its pretty much self-explintory, so you should be able to figure out how to use it properly. Its very flexible. It has been sucessful in tournament play, with a record of 24-8 W/L rating. Its fun to use, so try it. You wont be dissapointed.
'