---
layout: post
author: ! Brian "Buccaneers" Speight
title: ! "Blow up this one..."
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-04
description: ! 'How come NOBODY puts this in their match-ups section???'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting 8
Endor Operations/I don’t care
Endor
Endor Bunker
Endor Landing Platform
Operational as Planned
Moff Jerjerrod
Death Star II
Desperate Counter

Systems 4
Kiffex
Kashyyyk
Kessel
Sullust

Sectors 3
DS II Coolant Shaft
DS II Capacitors
DS II Central Core

Epic Events 1
That Things Operational

Characters 10
Admiral Chiraneau
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Admiral Piett
Commander Merrejk
Captain Godherdt
U-3P0
Lt. Hebsly
Major Mianda
Baron Soontir Fel

Starships 13
The Emperor’s Sword
The Emperor’s Shield
Scythe 1
Scythe 3
Saber 1
Emperor’s Personal Shuttle
Thunderflare
Avenger
Chimeara
Conquest
Executor
Devastator
Visage

Admiral’s Orders 1
We’re In Attack Position Now

Weapons 3
SFS 7.2 x2
SFS 9.3 

Interrupts 10
Imperial Command x3
All Power to Weapons
Twilek Advisor x2
I Can’t Shake Him
Our First Catch of the Day
Ghhhk/Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us
Dark Maneuvers/Tallon Roll

Effects 6
Lateral Damage
Battle Order
No Escape
We Shall Double our Efforts
Combat Response
Secret Plans

Podracer 1
Sebulba’s Podracer '

Strategy: '

Update 8/5  After a lot of thought, drop one of the junky Squadrons (I think it is Sword) and add in Endor Shield.

Also, please review my deck, I wanna get this baby in the Top Ten and I want people to know the power of this deck.  So please give it a 5, and I will glady return the favor.

End Update


How come NOBODY puts this in their match-ups section? 

This deck is powerful, and deadly.  It is not uncommon to draw 3, 4 or even 5 battle destinies with this deck.  This deck defeats any LS space deck, any LS ground deck, and it is all because of the adding of destinies.  I mean, who doesn’t want to add one battle destiny???  It beats LS space decks by crushing them with the 3 force loss, and the mighty power of the Star Destroyers and Ties.  It outdrains any LS ground deck.

Activation is no problem for this deck, and you can buid the DS II in a couple of turns.  In all of the playtesting, the DS II was built by turn 3 and at the most it took 5 turns.  So as you see it is fast, and then it just never stops.

What if Jar Jar pays a visit before you have gotten all of your sectors out?
Well, Jerjerrod should have at least Merrejk with him, and if he happens to die, well, then you might be screwed.  But, I have never seen a Jar Jar on turn 1 or 2, so I haven’t worried to much about him.

Building the DS II is to slow, what if they drain you for 5 on turn 3?
There are a couple ways to handle this. 1)You should have some ship there with enough ability to draw destiny, and be able to guard you DS II 2) Use you Ties to knock them out.  The Scythes are unstoppable. 3) Building the DS II is NOT slow.  Like I said, the most turns it has taken me to build the DS II was 5, and was because I activated 14 on turn 4.  Plus, what if LS can’t get a ship out early, then you have now worries about the drain of 5.  So as you can see, there are many ways to stop that early drain.

What if they come in the DS II and blow it up?
That has happened to me.  I lost that game due to a bad draw, and not getting my Ties out ASAP.  If this happens, you better get out your Ties, and destroy whatever ship they have there.  Remember, they are like Manuever -5, and movement destiny is -6.  So they could be hurting.  In my opinion, this is the ONLY weakness to this deck.  Otherwise, it creams any other deck.  

Building the DS II takes too many cards, my dif. will suck.
Actually, it doesn’t take many cards.  My wins have come by 17 and 16.  So, it may not be in your 20’s like Hunt Down, or Court, but it hangs in there.  And it is faster then both of those decks.  Your drains are higher and you direct damage is much more.

I only play 3 Imperial Commands because I only have 3 Admirals.

Why do I use the Emperor and his shuttle?
I know you can’t pull it with Combat Response, but still it adds a destiny and is immnune to attrition.  Pretty good, eh?

Ok onto how to play the DS II deck.

Early Game
Deploy Jerrjerrod, Desperate Counter, and DS II.  Get out Combat Response, and flash a ship from hand (if you got one).  Get a sector out, and play a Imperial Command if you have one.  Deploy any other sectors, and draw some cards to get your starships.  After you have activated, deploy any sectors you may have drawn, and get one from Reserve deck.  Flash any ship in your hand, and wait to deploy your systems until turn 3 (don’t let the LS get a early drain in).  Protect the DS II, and if you have a Scythe down deploy a weapon on it.  Now, if you have Palpy in ship down or some other ship that can protect you, then you are in good shape.  Turn 3, you should have the DS II done now, so Jerjerrod is junk now.  Watch out for a beating on him, so try and get your Ghhhk/TRWEU out.  Flash your last ship, or get one from last turn that wasn’t there and now is.  Deploy it to the system you want DS II to orbit (usually Sullust or Kashyyyk, whatever is out).  If you have a Twilek and No Escape in hand then deploy No Escape, and Twilek for We Shall Double Our Efforts, unless you already deployed it.  Move DS II to Sullust or Kashyyk.

Mid game
By now, Merrejk should have gotten all of your systems, unless you drew them.  You should be hitting them hard with you direct damage of 3, and force drains.  If they want to battle you, then beat them down.  Use your Imperial Commands to add/prevent destiny draws.  Just dominate your opponent.

Late game
Chiraneau drains and direct damage should be eating them alive.  The game will be over quickly, because no deck can handle that much force loss in a turn.

Match-ups
Quiet Mining Colony
Build the DS II quickly, and get you drains and direct damage going fast.  Make sure they pay with Secret Plans.  They usually don’t run to many ships, so take over Bespin.  Move DSII there, and prepare to draw your 3-4 battle destiny.  Clean them out of space, and your drains and direct damage will catch up fast.  Should be a close game at the beginning, but the DS II will edge it out at the end.

Watch Your Step Racing/and Normal
They don’t have enough ships for them to match the power of the DS.  Sebulba can flash them.  If they get a racing interrupt in, then they will probably win the race.  You don’t have to worry about beatdown because who are the going to beatdown.  They have to pay for their drains, unless they want to contend you in space.  Sooner than later, you drains and direct damage will eat them alive, and you will eventually win.  

Rebel Strike Team
Ok, Jerjerrod isn’t so safe any more.  Just put him in a ship.  They usually don’t run more than 6 ships, so you will dominate space.  If they are racing, then again they will probably win.  Be sure they pay for it with Secret Plans.  Direct damage, drains, and pure power will own them.  Probably your toughest match, but you should win by only a few.

EBO
Again, they are slower than you, so just get you drains and direct damage going, and you should have no worries.  Pretty easy match.  Just kill their X-wings fast so they can’t retrieve with All Wings Report In.

Well, those are all of the match-ups that are popular in my region.

Dmail me with questions/comments.   

And remember, go out and build the DS II.  It is Fun (Isn’t that what SW is about...?)  '