---
layout: post
author: ! Phillip "Karrdeshark" Aasen
title: ! 'I have no clue what to call this deck.'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-15
description: ! 'This deck destroys the opponent with heavy direct damage.  It is 8-1 verses a variety of decks.  Lost to an MKOS.  ( I lost A Gift on their first drain)'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Hidden Base/SWSTYF1

Characters18
EPP Luke
LS, RS (JK if you have one)
EPP Obi
Ben Kenobi
EPP Leia x2
EPP Han
Chewbacca, Protector
Artoo
Cl. Cracken 
Lt. Blount
Mirax Terrik
WARSL
Tycho Celchu
Palace Raider x4

Starships5
Tala 1
Tala 2
Roller Skate
R. S. 1
G. S. 3

Vehicles4
Patrol Craft x4

Admiral’s Orders1
I’ll Take The Leader

Locations6
Rendezvous Point (start)
Tatooine x2 (hb indicator
Endor
E Landing Platform
T DB 94

Effects13
Insurrection (start)
Staging Areas (start)
Squadron Assignments (start)
Order To Engage
Civil Disorder
Advantage
I Feel The Conflict
Traffic Control
A Gift
Draw Thier Fire
Disarmed
Menace Fades
Bargaining Table

Interrupts12
HFTMF (start)
The Signal x2
WHAAAAAAAAAOOOOW 
Rebel Barrier x2
Anakin Skywalker
On The Edge x2
Clash of Sabers x2
Double Agent '

Strategy: '

I will explain right now.  I don’t play SAC protection.  I can’t start it and I don’t need a 1 destiny floating around in my deck.  Also, nobody plays more than 1 or 2 Sense/Alter in my meta.
This deck is an expert at direct damage.  ( I wan’t to add in an IHSAR)  Advantage whips when you kill a Vader/Mara/Jabba/Zuckuss, the like.  Civil Disorder really helps later game (It helps early but is better later). DTF is nice for retrieving and force loss.  (they won’t fight you too much)  Order To Engage is a killer when combined with Clash of Saber/Rebel Barrier. 
Okay, first turn pull a system and matching DB. Repeat on second turn.  Control your locations and go to the opponent when your ready. You should have all the 0’s out of your deck by third turn.  You mainly will hold your stuff and react to the opponent.  
Here are some reasons for the cards I use 

HB Obj.  Pulls systems.

Palace Raiders Forfiet fodder.  Awesome when in Patrol Craft.

Artoo 6 destiny, anti-Scum (A Gift)

Characters 2 of each Jedi/Skywalkers is plenty in this deck.  1 Han  because of the ’prize’.  Chewie cancel Dr. E’s game text.

Starship mix can easily hold 2 sytems.

ITTL Adds to drains.  Anti-TIEs

Starting stuff can pull everything I need except for Charcters (not including Interrupts/Effects)

Order To Engage Clash of Sabers and Rebel Barrier really enhance this card.

A Gift Anti-Scum

DTF Retrievel/force loss.  Makes ’em save force if they play interrupts such as Jabba’s Through with you, etc.

Civil Disorder Can hurry them into weakness.

Advantage Kill a >3 and it hurts.

Menace Fades+Bargaining Table Stuffs drains.

Traffic Control Helps your differential

WHAAAAAAAAAOOOOW Anti-Court, 7 destiny.

Rebel Barrier Works with Or. To En.

Clash of Sabers ditto.

Double Agent kills Mara, 6 destiny

x2 The signal pulls your damaging stuff.

Anakin Skywalker one of the more disputed cards in the deck.  I use it during duels and such.  I have turned two vaders. (one in a new age ROPS, one in Huntdown.)

On The Edge  Retrievel


Now for the matchups 

ROPS Go to Ralltiir sites and prevent them from flipping.  Try and turn/kill Vader.

Huntdown try and Disarm Vader if they flip.  Otherwise, go after him with Han/Chewie/PRs in Patrol Craft.  Can be tough.

BHBM Give ’em JK Luke and your destinies should win duels.  I Feel The Conflict makes ’em pay for losing.

Court/MKOS/CCT Use Artoo/A Gift to stuff their drains.  Go free Han.  Patrol crafts will wreak havoc. (they can react using DB Transit) 

AOBS Die Xixor   Heh heh

TIEsITTL will hold them down slightly.  Keep to one system or the other and try to out-drain them.

I can’t think of any other matchups, so have fun '