---
author: Alex "george3785" George
title: Bring Her Before Me: The Virgin Penetration
side: Dark
date: 2001-03-24
description: It all started when the wrinkly ba$tard told Mara he loved her.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

DA BEGINNING (8)
BHBM/Your father is a weak Ba$tard
DS2: Emperors Ruckuss Room
Your Destiny
Insignificant Rebellion
Prepared Defenses
IAO
Mob. Points
OE/TINT

LOCATIONS (4)
Tat Docking bay
Endor Docking Bay
Carida
DS2 Docking Bay

PIMPZ And BIATCHES (18)
Emperor &#8220;Craven Morehead&#8221; Palpatine
EPP Vader x2
DVDLOTS
Darth Vader &#8220;Jap Foil&#8221;
EPP Fettster
Guri
Malcolm X &#8220;Prince&#8221;
Mighty Jabba
Jesus Greejatus "GOD"
Jizz Aloo
DR.DRE and Walrus Boy
Mara Jade: Tittties Hard On x2
Biker Scout Trooper x2
Corporal Avarik
Dengar with Blaster

TOYS (2)
Mara’s Member
Vaders Vibrator

BLUE SHIZNIT (11)
Bossk in Da Magic School Bus
Zuckuss in Piss Hunter
Iggy In Shiitter
Chimaera
Executor
Speeder Bike x3
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 6

EFFECTS (8)
Emperor’s Power
No Escape
Secret plans
First Strike
Search and Destroy
Therell Be Hell To Pay x2
Reactor Terminal

INTERRUPTS (9)
Twilek Advisor x2
Circle Da Obi Exterminator
Evader/Monnok
Masterful Move
High Speed Tactics x2
Trample x2



Strategy: 

********PLEASE READ STRATEGY BEFORE REVIEWING********
(Review=Help make it better)

   The Love Saga Begins in the days of yesteryear. In a time when a white hot sex kitten could love an old man without dispute. This Black affair has led to the most powerful partnership in this galaxy. This was the sex fling of Mara Jade and her wrinkly mentor, Emperor Palpatine...
   ...Now we must pray that a Sith love child does not come from this evil alliance...
(HELL ANYTHING CAN HAPPEN... Its SPRING BREAK BABY!!!!!!)

I decided that I like BHBM an awful lot so I just switched some of the tech in my ROPS deck to this deck so that i could have some powerful counters to WYS. This deck is a perfect counter to WYS, because of bikes and walkers, with a trooper on tatooine to cancel harvest. This BHBM deck is very powerful and can run through most deck types out there right now.  It is a great deck with many of your average BHBM cards, but also some new powerful boosts that make this deck very strong. It has many strong points to it that make it better than your average BHBM deck and can also provide more wins. I think that BHBM is one of the better decks when facing WYS the current bane of all dark side decks.  BHBM has many counters to it, mainly taking away their power character, Luke, and the ability to get extra destinies, so that you can win more battles over the smugglers.  When facing a WYS deck you can win battles but their retrieval is never ending so they usually outlast you in the end.  Also the ability of Guri to limit them to one destiny you can also stop their never ending destinies. Zuckuss in mist hunter also can be very helpful because of its ability to reduce battle destinies. If they have the outrider with Dash and the Falcon with Han they still will not be able to get a destiny, so the extra destinies have no effect on you. If you play smart you should be able to beat most deck types including WYS. Enough of all this F*CKED up HORSESH*T!!! Lets GO!!!!

On to the start: ** I HAD SEX LAST NIGHT!!!

This deck sets up like a normal BHBM starting Mob Points, IAO, and usually OE/TINT. First strike can be very helpful when using emperors power because you will not lose an extra card because you are retrieving a card, so start that if you want. On the first turn you want to get your normal stuff, DS2 docking bay, Palpy there, Emperors Power, and Carida. This will help provide nice force activation during your game. Second turn you want to get out more characters and just try to hold docking bays. When they first come down you want to battle fast, so that they are not able to build up their forces over a few turns. You should also not deploy Vader until they deploy so that you get at least one battle with him before the Rebel Scout takes him away to the Throne Room where the Emperor is waiting. You should try to win battles and track high destinies so that you can win duels and make opponent lose 3 force. I also pack S+D for added damage and other cards to help you win the game. During a game where opponent is retrieving like mad, dont worry because turning Luke depletes his whole deck and gives you the win.

Reasons for some cards:  ** WITH A GIRL!!!

Emperors Power- This is a great card and adding a destiny can really help when you are in a bind. Do not worry about the force loss, because too much thought about it will make you not want to lose it.

First Strike- DUH!!!! Just retrieve the force lost from Emperors power. This can help a lot and will make you more readily lose that force for the extra destiny.

High Speed Tactics- This card is great for countering WYS. You can take out all of the patrol crafts and Destroy his palace raiders. It can also be used to add a destiny with your biker scouts.

Therell be hell to pay- This is a great card which can be used to grab all important interrupts. It can be very helpful if you want to win the game by taking OTE, Harvest, or Fallen Portal.

Evador/Monnok- Nowadays people are getting sloppy and getting more than 12 cards so it is being more usefull. There are also may decks that usual multiple doubles which can be lost when you use monnok. 

Corporal Avarik- He is a good biker scout that adds 1 to destiny on your bike

Biker Scout Trooper x2- These are very good characters which can be used to pull the bikes.

Trample- This can be very helpful when decks run characters on the ground. I have 3 walkers in here, so this card can be quite effective to take out characters.

Walkers- I chose the beasts because they are great at holding exterior sites. The two ATATS have ability 2 pilots and are great cards. Tempest scout 6 is great because it can moove and deploy as a react and has ability 2. USEFUL WITH TRAMPLE.

Carida- Great system that can be pulled with Mob. Points. You can also use it to retrieve lost biker scouts.

Matchups: BRITNEY SPEARS HAS GREAT BOOBIES!!!!!

WYS- This is the new favorite Lightside deck. It is also your toughest matchup. You should wait and deploy a beatdown on a little squad. Capturing Luke will also give you an edge when you duel and cause force loss. Overwhelmed can also help save you in space for a few turns, as well as Zuckuss. You should try for beatdowns to get rid of opponents characters and run him low on power. If you get all of his characters gone then he will not be able to use On the edge anyway. It is necessary to hold tatooine, and only enter the cantina if you have a sense or if his cantina brawls are lost. Make sure you do not make stupid mistakes and lose many characters to cantina brawl. Guri will also be helpful in this deck to limit his monster destinies. Make sure you do not leave characters lying around tempting the opponent to beat you down. Monnok will help to get rid of the doubles. YOU SHOULD GRAB PORTAL AND HARVEST OR ON THE EDGE. Send a biker there so harvest can not be played and to take out crafts with high speed tactics.

EBO- You should get out executor with mob. Points instead of Rendili. You should also deploy starships fast, because in the late game you will lose if they are not already on table. You should also try to invade their base to take out some forces, because going in can hamper their plans greatly. Monnok will be helpful against swarm, and make sure to kill those pesky baragwins as fast as possible. Win battles at all costs.

EBO Ketwol- I think this needed its own strategy because it plays quite different than most EBOs. You should try to invade Hoth and trap ketwol. This way you may be able to get rid of him in order to stop the docking bay retrieval madness. Something special planned for them will also help stop infinitely retrieved OTEs. This is a tough matchup but this deck can win.

MWYHL- Start Secret plans. Deploy fast and heavy. Get some drains going and get out S+D. If he gives you luke duel quickly in order to cause major force loss. Try to get out something special planned for them to stop infinite on the edging. MONNOK will help while they hold multiple mains and OTE before testing is done. Make sure you dont play stupid and set yourself up for a beatdown. You have to get rid of their force as fast as you can because once they flip you are in trouble. 

Throne Room Mains- I have not played many throne room mains decks, but the ones I have played I beat them. Just capture Luke and get your sites out quickly. Try to surprise him when he deploys some small characters and win a battle. If they have space you will most likely have more, so go up there and battle then drain after they lose their space. If you play smart you should be able to win. 

For those that made it to the end I want to say thank you for reading. Well that is all I am going to get into right now. This deck has been modified many times and is very good. I hope you like it. Please give help on how I could make it better and not just say it is stupid or bad. Tell me what I should do to make it NOT SO STUPID, BAD, OR AVERAGE!!!!!! PLEASE GIVE HELP AND ADVICE!!!! One more thing Celebrity Jeopardy Kicks A$$!!!!!

Thanks,
AG

Team Turpin Fo Eva Biatch

Advice for the day:
If you slip between her thighs, Dont forget to condomize

WOO HOO I LOVE BOOBIES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
