---
layout: post
author: Kyle "Psyokid" Ishimaru
title: 'Hunt Down Hardcore battle style'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-12
description: 'This deck battles and kills you when you battle me.. dueling rules!!@!@!'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting(9)
Hunt Down/Their Fire
Meditation
Holotheatre
Visage
Epic
Prepared Defense
Crush
Imperial Arrest
Mob Points

Locations(4)
Exe. Dbay
CC. Dbay
D*. Dbay
Rendilli

Characters(14)
Darth Vader, choke out x4
Lord Vader 
Mara x2
Emperor Pal x2
Janus
Sim
Jabba
4-Lom 
Iggy with cappa

Weapons(4)
Vaders saber x3
Mara saber

Ships(3)
Boba Fett in Slave
Suckass in Mist
Bossk in Modified Corellian Freighter

Effects(7)
Visage x3
Battle Order
Presence
First Strike
Reactor Terminal

Sped Red(19)
You Overestimate Their Chance x2(mega)
Put all sections on alert x2
Alter x2
Projective Telepathy
I have you now x3
Nevar Yalnal
Snipa/Dark Strike
Mastaful Move
Twilik
Emperor’s Zappa(force lightning)
Circle x2
Obsession
Focused


Strategy: 

Well heres my new Hunt Down that has been doing well for me..  It does huge damage when they try to kill vader or anyone at the D* dbay and it can still duel with all the high destiny in the deck.

Its fast enough to get Vader out second turn almost automatic and you should have him and his saber preferably at the D* dbay early game then you can move him elsewhere when your forces and hand is set up enough.

I want to put in some holonet transmission since everyone and their mom plays TT/Outa a Comission, plus it pulls a Imperial Out of used pile which is always cool.  

Card Explanation:

1 Obsession: Jedi Luke is gonna subtract 3 from my stupid duel total so I only play 1 to kill him if im tracked enough.

You overestimate their chances:  GREATEST CARD EVER!!!!  Hack their guy when the battle play this play i have you now draw 2 destiny and win make them lose losta force... Win game card.

Vs. Mode

vs WYS:
Get Vader to D* dbay and flip make them lose force and drain at the dbay.  Get your hand set up and move Vader too the Tatooine Dbay and try to get another guy into the canitna.  Try and work the Overestimate their chances going to end the game or battle and duel either way..

vs Mind what learned:

Set up Vader as soon as possilbe and drain and hit him for visage and drains.  If he comes to battle you beat him down with Estimate their chances or duel obi.

vs hidden base fakeout:

Keep your guys together flip and duel if you can duel obi or someone.  Make sure you dont lose the duel.  Get Emperor or someone to D* dbay and play Put all sections on alert to hit them up for some damage.  If they cancel send iggy or jabba to kill the spy.. you can use mara and neval yarnal them too.  

vs EBO:

Set up your guys again maybe go to space and try to kill some long ship or something.  Drain and visage all game should win duel obi or luke.. Send mara to hoth and invade Echo sites.

I really cant think of anything else but the set up at a BG site is good and hit them for as much visage and drains and if they want to battle play Overestitmate their chances on them.

Thanks any suggestions or comments d-mail me or post a review.. 
