---
author: Zach "spirajira" Cute
title: 'Squeaky clean'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-05-01
description: 'so many scrubs in one deck!  very fun, very easy, very cheap(cept the foil lords), very competative.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

starting(8)
BHBM
throne room
your dest
insignifigant rebellion
mob points
IAO
oppresive enforcement(unless your playing a retrieving deck then start secret plans)

characters(4)
Lord vader x3
emperor palpatine

scrubs(15)
(these r the ones i used, doesnt matter much cept dest, power, deploy, and forfeit)
corp. drazin
major mianda
Lt. hebsly
ds-181-4
major marquand
captain sarkli
colonel davod jon
officer evax
Lt. arnet
Lt. watts
Cpt. godherdt
corp. oberk
Lt. cabbel
ds-61-3
commander merrejk

locations(4)
carida
death star 2 Db
endor Db
coruscant Db

blue(9)
dreadnaught cruisier x5
dengar in P1
zuckuss in Mh
blizzard 2
tempest 1

green(1)
vaders saber

red(19)
emperors power
imperial barrier
alter x3
sense x5
you overestimate their chances x2
stunning leader x4
there will be hell to pay x2
secret plans 

Strategy: 

response to reviews:
i dont know alex(lol)
to sw______whatever, stop trying to be like alex, ryan
i can sack there fallen portal sthmaster1
and garion, this deck is for fun, who cares bout strat section, this isnt a brian hunter deck or N E thing
and to rabidwookie-yes

*also*  just a side note, i just bought a pair of soaps(shoes) called squeaky clean and i just made the conncetion now lol.  time to freestyle walk lol.

Strat
this deck was made for fun and for side games at tournaments and to play with friends, butdont automaticly rule it out as bad.  the element of suprise with stunning leader and you overestimate...... is good plues they get 2 force from u.  i only play 1 battleground because i intend to fight on their turf.  i usually dont deploy vader until luke is out just cause i dont want to get him beat up.  also if they put luke out first and isnt much defended i can beat him for an early card on IR.  keep in mind 3 of my scrubs r leader so they are out of the battle with stunning leader.  and for u who say sack is gone cause of WYS ur wrong cause u go swarm their tat sites and can prob keep them out of space with 2 dest(1 with emps power).  they over all dest of this deck isnt too bad cause theres tons of 4(drednaughts r 4 with opressive enforcement) and lots of 2/3’s.  make sure that your at an interior site with stunning leader.  and my question is can u do it at interrior/exterrior docking bays, like the ones that r both.  im almost posative u can i just dont want to be missing some big glaring rule.  this deck is pretty self explanatory so i dont think it needs a matchups.  i dont take this to tournys, i take isb scum, but this is still a cgood competative deck that is extremely fun to play.  hope u like it, ciao.     