---
layout: post
author: Michael "The Rattler" Schiemer
title: 'Hidden Mains OMDH style'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-16
description: ! 'Hidden mains deck with matching ships and pilots, plenty of mains, and very few weaknesses to anything out there right now. Retrieves a @#$% load with OMDH.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'1 hidden base obj
1 indicator(tatoine)
1 rendevous point
1 hftmf
1 insurrection
1 squass
1 staging area (vs everything else)
1 yisyw(vs Hunt down and maybe Walkers)
1 do/wise(vs Maul decks or BHBM)

tatoine
dagobah
Hut
Echo db(anti walker tech)
H1 db
Spaceport db
Alderaan

2x qui gon
ben
obi w/saber
3x jedi luke
2x captain
genreal calrissian (back up pilot)
leia w/blaster
melas
orri
corran
twass
harc
padme
dash
elyk
wedge RSL

red 7
red squadron 1
GS1 (better vs. tie cannons or rolls)
outrider

ani saber
luke saber

2x I&#8217;ll take the leader

battle plan
menace fades
GOTM
SATM
2x signal
3x OMDH
tank
I hope she&#8217;s all right (more anti ties)
Honor(destroys walker decks and HD)
Portal
Insurtion planning
Ounee tah
barrier
'

Strategy: '

     You basically play this deck like you would a normal hidden mains deck. Get out your locations,get your ships set up at the system (tatoine in this case), and control a site or two with your mains. You are then ready to set up battle plan and menace fades, making your opponents drains small and making them want to come to you. Once you have this situation set up you can do whatever you want including engaging your opponent in battle at their locations. Mid and late game you should retrieve a lot of force with OMDH because you should have out many ability 3 or greater characters.Now lets look at the cards in the deck by type.

LOCATIONS You have a battle ground site (spaceport db) and a battleground system(tatoine) so menace fades and battle plan are easy to pull off. All the locations are pullable with insurrection and the objective so there will be none floating around the deck. This deck gives you 13  force every turn once your locations are pulled and that doesn’t count staging areas.This gives you more than enough force to pay for secret plans and to deploy your mains.

CHARACTERS You have luke, obi,and quigon as your main force on the ground with corran, leia, orri, twass, harc seff, and even melas or calrissian to back you up. Your pilots with ships are a force by themselve in space but can use the help of leia, corran, and melas as back up pilots. I have 2 captain hans in here which you may not like, if not then switch in a han with blaster for one of them. I like Cappy because he comes in handy against tie cannons and ISB space.

STARSHIPS 2 ships immune to tallon roll (outrider and GS1) and RS1 is very hard to tallon roll unless they want to waste a lateral damage on it. Elyk rue in red 7 comes in handy and is often used to make OMDH runs. 

WEAPONS 1 anakins saber, 1 lukes saber because luke is the biggest character in the deck and the mix of sabers because they are less likely to get monnoked and leia can use anakins saber if necassary.

ADMIRALS ORDERS 2x I’ll take the leaders to hurt ties and bounty hunter ships with no pilots, add to drains at your docking bay, and to save a lost ship to your docking bay.

EFFECTS 3 OMDHs so you can get them easy and for their high destiny. bacta tank works well, especially with your low deploy pilots. Staging areas , which you usually start, will speed up your activation.YISYW is anti-#s and can pull effects. Menace fades and battle plan make draining harder for your opponent. I hope she’s all right works well against a numbers deck or ties. honor of the jedi makes your opponents drains and damage lower. Ounee tah is necassary defense against ROPS.

INTERRUPTS 2 signals to pull effects. Gift of the mentor to add 2 battle destiny or to search for a saber. fallen portal to kill off a character who battles you at a docking by. Rebel barrier is just a staple to a mains deck.Insurtion planning is high destiny and works well with your 3 lukes and orrimarko.

DESTINY OF THE DECK You pull out all your locations so you have no zeros. You have 9  destiny 6 cards which help throughout the game. The majority of your cards are destiny 3 or greater but there are plenty of destiny 1 cards in here as well. 

           SPECIAL MATCHUPS

WALKERS convert their hoth docking bay and get out honor of the jedi as quickly as possible. Make sure they don’t occupy 3 battlegrounds and try to take control of their defensive perimeter. Set up at tatoine or their hoth system and make sure menace fades and battle plan are played.Just be ready for an ice storm or a trample.

SPEED DARK DEAL I haven’t played against this deck yet so im not sure which deck would win. Start menace fades or battle plan as one of your starting effects. Do your best getting out your space but concentrate on getting your mains to their CC sites and beating down their characters if the opportunity comes around. If they get off dark deal than do your best to cancel it. Probably the decks toughest matchup.

TIES Your space is made to take on this @#$% no matter what form. Get out your ships, set up battle plan and menace fades, and get out I hop she’s all right with your db and the D* db. drain at their D* war room if its deployed. block some force drains with your ships. They can’t drain at alderaan so its not a liability. Use OMDH late in the game but don’t leave yourself too weak in any one system. Bacta tank and your AOs are key in this matchup as well.

All the other matchups you just use normal strategy mentioned in the beginning. Thanks for reading and rate high.

-Michael Schiemer '