---
author: Mason "Palleon" Johnson
title: 'Hidden Mains=Dead Imperials'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-15
description: 'This deck can do anything battle, track, retrieve, and win'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

Starting (6)

Hidden Base
Strike Planning
Draw their Fire
Ultimatum
Rendevous Point
Heading for jthe Med. Frigate

Characters (16)

General Solo
Chewbacca, Protector
Princess Organa
Boushh
Lando With Vibro-ax x2
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Obi-wan with Lightsaber x2
Luke With Lighsaber
Luke Skywalker, JK
Luke Skywalker, RS
Tawss Khaa
Orrimaarko
Lieutenant Blount
Uncle and Aunt Lars

Starships (2)

Home One
Liberty

Interrupts (16)

Sense & Recoil In Fear x2
Sense x2
Control & Tunnel Vision
Tunnel Vision
Alter & Friendly Fire
Alter
On the Edge x3
Fallen Portal
Clash of Sabers
Life Debt
Gift of the Mentor
Skywalkers
I Know

Effects (4)

Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice
Traffic Control
Order To Engage
Goo Nee Tay

Droids (2)

Asp x2

Devices (5)

Ewok Catapult x3
Portable Scanner
Bionic Hand

Locations (8)

Home One: War Room
Dagobah: Yoda’s Hut
Yavin 4: War Room
Endor: Chirpa’s Hut
Yavin 4: Throne Room
Hoth: War Room
Endor
Chandrila



Strategy: 

This Deck I very vesitile and capable of competing with the best of them. This is my firts decktech submission so here it goes.

TURN BY TURN:

You start with Hidden Base and Heading for the medical frigate. If your playing against a scum or Endor Ops deck or something where you don’t expect any SAC start Strike Planning, Draw Their Fire, and Ultimatum. These are three very solid effects against most decks. If you are playing BHBM, Hunt Down, or something where you expect SAC start Do, or Do Not & Wise Advice, trike Planning, and Draw Their Fire. And of course your starting location is Rendevous Point.

First turn: Pull General Solo with Strike Planning. Activate your force and then search your reserve deck for Endor. Deploy it and any other locations you have to get more force. Deploy your Effects and interrupts according to the situation. If an oppotunity knocks for you to battle hit them with all you’ve got, But a beatdown will almost never open up on the first turn. If your short on power i your hand drw a couple force and prepare.

Second Turn: Activate your force and Pull Chandrila from your reserve deck. Deploy it and any other locations you have. Then try to lay a beatdown if one’s not open then establish a foothold at an opponents location. Set up a force drain and prepare to kill. Deploy your Effects and interrupts according to the situation. If your low on power draw a couple.

Third Turn: Activate and Force Drain then lay a beatdown if yu can. If you have the right cards you can begin your retrival strategy. Depoly one of your Asp Drooids to one of your sites and prepare to stack a device on it next turn. Deploy your Effects and interrupts according to the situation. Drain and battle like a champ and the game wont last long.

Fourth: Actiate and then stack your device if you have an On the Edge use it. Track the 7 and call a 6 and retrieve. If there’s anything left of your opponet drain and battle. Don’t let them regain a foothold in their territory. Deploy your Effects and interrupts according to the situation. Rervieve,  Battle and Just decimate the opponent.

Fifth: Activate and Retieve and kill whats let of them.

Sixth: Their Proabably Dead. If their not then kill them and Retieve.

SPECIFICATIONS:

Battling: Use Lando with Ax, Clash of Sabers, Destiny Adders, and Mains to reduce the imperials to dust. Sense their Imp. Barriers and alter the effects you can. You will be doing so much damage to your opponent they will be losing up to 20 cards a t a time. Don’t forget to track.

Retrival: You dont need it to win but use it to it’s fullest advantage with Draw their Fire and On the Edge. You will find yourself winning by numbers in the 30’s.

Winning: Just Do It.

MATCHUPS:

VS. Court, MKOS, or AOTBS
These decks you can beat in your sleep.
Plan out your mains deplyment and wipe out all his sites and drain, but it you can’t seem to get in to the palace because of None Shall Pass and Barriers. Go else where on Tatooine and drain and move into the palace. Once you get to Jabba’s Palace use your fallen portal. Retieve when you can but watch for large groups of hunters with Xizor and Guri. Sense all their tricks when you can. And Battle, Drain, Retieve, and you’ll win by 20-40 cards.

VS. Endor Ops, Tie Swarm, or any other space decks. You can run into a few problems but you can make it through pretty easily. Stack pilots on the Home One, track some destiny’s and use Order to engage. Sense their tricks and go for their weak points. Use liberty in the same way. Retieve and take over their docking bay. Beatdown any characters you can. Don’t be intmidated by three ties. Just win.

VS. Hunt Down
Not many problems with this but, be carefull. Play smart and use your fallen portal. Watch for numbers, but don’t worry about Visage because of your great retival. Kill Vader and make them lose large amounts of force. Overpower them, but watch for duels. Use sense if you can and search for the cards you need with tunnel vision. Simple as skinning a wampa. Easy Win.

VS. BHBM
This can get a little rough. I have had a few problems with these decks. Use luke early before you hand him over. get Ben and Lando for beatdown use fallen portal. Your SAC is very important use it at the most important times and cancel their tricks. Make them use up all their SAC on your stuff then hit em’ hard. This game usually depends on luck of the draw and how goos your opponent is.

VS. ANYTHING else.
Retieve, battle, and win like a champ you should have no problem with gimmick decks. Dont play around take them out before they relize your true power.

Some Cards That Could Make this Deck Evern Better:

Weapon Levitation: Vader say Bye Bye to your saber can win you battles and save your characters. Adds to your average destiny.

More SAC: I love SAC it is the key to winning games another sense and contol would be great if I could find some room.

Falcon: I need to add the super falcon to battle those damn ties.

We’ll thanks for reading and hope you liked it. It has helped me win many tounaments in my area.

Mason (J)
