---
layout: post
author: ! Dennis "PCGSAlucard" Jeffris
title: ! "Watch Your Step MY Way"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-04
description: ! 'Here’s a Watch Your Step (yes, I know, boring, everyone does it, gross, etc) deck.  It’s my first one.  There are a few surprises in here for the opponent.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)

Watch Your Step/This Place Can Be A Little Rought
Tatooine
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Your Insight Serves You Well
Squadron Assignments
Staging Areas

Locations (3)

Kessel
Ralltir
Corellia

Starships (6)

Millenium Falcon
Red 10
Red Squadron 1
Pulsar Skate
Outrider
Artoo in Red 5

Characters (15)

Ralltir Freighter Captain x3
Melas
Lando with Blaster Pistol
Tallon Karrde
Theron Nett
Captain Han Solo
Dash Rendar
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Luke with Lightsaber
Mirax Terrick
Wedge Antilles
Leebo
Chewbacca, Protector

Weapons (1)

Luke’s Lightsaber

Admiral’s Orders (2)

I’ll Take The Leader x2

Interrupts (16)

Punch It
Run, Luke, Run
Effective Repairs
Fallen Portal x2
The Bith Shuffle + Desperate Reach
Rebel Barrier x2
Out Of Commission + Transmitted Terminated
It Could Be Worse x3
Houjix + Out Of Nowhere
We Don’t Need Their Scum
The Signal x2

Effects (9)

Kessel Run x2
Menace Fades
Battle Plan
What Is They Bidding, My Master?
Bacta Tank
Docking And Repair Facilities
Honor Of The Jedi
Hiding In The Garbage '

Strategy: '

This is a WYS deck that’s half original, half proven and worthy.  I start with Staging Areas (even though I only have 1 docking bay) since it’s just like another location when you control it, and the +2 is excellent.  I don’t start with Insurrection because, sadly, I don’t have one (I wasn’t into Endor... anyone wanna trade me one? Please?).

The goal here is to control Tatooine and Kessel, with Corellia there to make Kessel Runs (or Ralltir, with Mirax, so you can recirculate Kessel Runs instead of placing them out of play... and don’t have Outrider on table.  This is usually only the case when you have Ralltir in your opening hand).  Controlling Tatooine Docking Bay is key, as it generates +2 and, with I’ll Take The Leader on the table, it’s drains are +1.  Cantina is also a nice place to camp and drain, if your opponent is low on characters, or you’re fortunate enough to get lots of characters early.  So, the point here is to drain at Tatooine and it’s docking bay and Kessel, while making Kessel Runs.  You have enough characters to fend off almost all attacks, if you group them together well.  Fallen Portal at Tatooine Docking Bay works wonders if you can take out 1 key character.  And now some card explanations...

What Is Thy Bidding, My Master?  What deck DOESNT use Vader?  (other than scum, of course).  There are so decks that use him, and there’s always a system out in this deck, so why not play it?  He’s alone, thinking he’s all bad-arse, then you stop him down with 2 pitiful Ralltir Freighter Captains.

Battle Plan  You always should occupy both space and ground, so this is a no-brainer.  It messes up drain decks.

Bacta Tank/Docking and Repair  I don’t like losing key ships and characters, and this helps considerably.

Hiding In The Garbage  Still one of my favorite cards.  Look through your cards, get Captain Han/Falcon, smash them.  It’s all good.

Leebo  Add 2 to hyperspeed of Outrider, complete those Kessel Runs quicker.

I’ll Take The Leader  The best Admiral’s Order out there.  No Questions Asked DOES allow you to move to Cantina and drain, but you can’t move back, and you need to stay at the docking bay.  Therefore, I choose 2 I’ll Take The Leader cards.

Punch It  Help out poor Outrider when he’s making a Kessel Run, or any battle in space.  It doesn’t help to have Guri at the same location, so watch out for that.

Run, Luke, Run  Hunt Down hurts.  Bad.  So just not let him use it.  Also, it can be played twice a turn.

Effective Repairs  If Mirax completes a run, or you just lose a Kessel Run, get it back.  Can be played twice, too.

The Bith Shuffle combo  Cancel that damn Imperial Barrier.

It Could Be Worse  My favorite card of all time.  Just lose 10 force from a massive battle?  Use it instead.

We Don’t Need Their Scum  There are tons of scum decks out there now.  Why not use that against them?  Also, it’s an interrupt that can be played twice.

Out Of Commission combo  Helps against Hunt Down and Monnocks trying to knock off your Kessel Runs/Ralltir Captains.

Houjix combo  If you’re caught by surprise in space, make THEM feel surprised by taking out their Chimera w/ Thrawn on it with 3 battle destiny (w/ the objective and this interrupt), or 4-5 destiny (Punch It).  Or if they like to reduce your forfeit.

Now some matchups

BHBM - Use YISYW to look for Battle Plan it wrecks them if they want to drain (most don’t have mighty space fleets).  Hand him Luke if you want.  Or you can kill him off w/ What Is They Bidding, My Master?  and your battle destiny-adding smugglers.

Hunt Down - should be easy.  Use YISYW and get Honor out, or use OOC/TT combo card.  Run Luke Run helps too.  Or, again, smash Vader with WITBMM? and your destiny adding smugglers.  WITBMM? still takes effect when he dies, so if they deploy another one, that’s too bad for them.

Any kind of scum - your destiny adding should do them in so they can’t capture.  Also, use your We Don’t Need Their Scum to lessen the damage done.  Rebel Barrier helps too.

SYCFA - potentially disasterous for you.  You DO choke their activation, but TIE swarms will hurt you since they’re low deploy.  Try to group your ships at Kessel and drain, drain, drain  Also spread to the Cantina on the ground.  If they like the TIE swarm, your Admiral’s Order will hurt them big time.  If they’re heavy on interceptors, be weary with your X-Wings (it makes them all power +1).  If you play this right, you should be able to beat them away.  Your hardest match.

Endor Ops - I think this should be easy, but I’ve actually never played one or played against one, so please give me some advice on how to defend it.

TDIGWATT - should be easy.  Get Menace Fades out.  It will stop the bonuses.  If they wanna set up tons of troopers, let them.  It shouldn’t hurt you.  DONT GO TO CLOUD CITY.

Black Sun - hold Luke down at Tatooine Docking Bay or the Cantina (if you control that too).  Black Sun sucks if it’s not flipped.  You also choke their activation, which is very good.

Ralltir Ops - Already have Ralltir out, so go there so they can’t flip.  Make some Kessel Runs from here with Mirax.  Don’t go down there, unless they are draining you severely somehow.  Battle Plan helps here a lot, too.

ISB Agents - No idea, never played.  Who has an extra they wanna trade me? '