---
layout: post
author: Will "Bejarid" Wright
title: 'Ouch Time In The Court Of Binks'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-09-29
description: ! 'Surprising deck. Its taken on at least three Senate decks and creamed them all.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)

Agents In The Court/No Love For The Empire
Tatooine Hutt Trade Route
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace
Podrace Prep
Brisky Morning Munchen
Boonta Eve Podrace
Tatooine Podrace Arena
Anakin’s Podracer

Characters (14)

Arleil Schous
Ben Kenobi
Captain Panaka
Chewbacca, Protector
Corporal Beezer
Corporal Janse
Daughter Of Skywalker
Gungan Warrior x2
Jar Jar Binks
Lando With Vibro-Ax
Mirax Terrik
Padme Naberrie
Yarua

Devices (3)

Mercenary Armor
Obi-Wan’s Journal
Portable Scanner

Effects (10)

A Tragedy Has Occurred
Bacta Tank
Lightsaber Proficiency
Meditation
Projection Of A Skywalker x2
The Camp
Thrown Back
Yoda’s Gimer Stick
Your Insight Serves You Well & Staging Areas

Epic Event (1)

I Did It

Interrupts (15)

A Step Backward x2
Alter
Away Put Your Weapon
Blaster Deflection
Changing The Odds
Control & Tunnel Vision x2
Inconsequential Barriers
Losing Track
Neck And Neck
Sorry About The Mess & Blaster Proficiency
Too Close For Comfort x2
Transmission Terminated

Locations (2)

Tatooine
Tatooine Marketplace

Starship (1)

Home One

Vehicle (1)

Eopie

Weapons (5)

A280 Sharpshooter Rifle
Chewbacca’s Bowcaster
Leia’s Blaster Rifle
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber
Panaka’s Blaster '

Strategy: '

Yes, I did say this beat the Senate. How, I don’t know; it wasn’t my intention. Credit goes to Martin Warlicki for giving me the idea.

The deck runs on what I call the "Klutz’s Dance Of Death" principle. In other words, it’s all about Binks. First turn, get Jar Jar out and whoever else you can, probably as backup. I suggest deploying Jar Jar where opponent’s got a character wit hlow ability. Deploying starts the dance. Second step, battle that weak character and get rid of him. This works real well against Droidekas and has the bonus of annoyance. Let Jar Jar eat a bit whie you battle elsewhere if you feel like it, then use three to grab him into hand. Drop him onto the flipped Objective during opponent’s turn to cancel a drain or battle destiny then redeploy him next turn.

Suggested backup for our Gungan friend
Ben-your own, mobile bacta tank, forfeit and return for free, and get a swing in the process;
Daughter-one of the best Leia’s out there, give her her rifle and Merc Armor, she’s power seven and forces an instant loss of any character she hits;
Panaka-able to arm himself, add to total power and direct damage.

Other suggestions
Janse, A280, sniping-the only things in here specifically for Senate killing, get Janse to the docking bay and snipe away;
Eopie-extra battle destiyn and high race destiny;
Transmission Terminated-cancel those annoying holograms;
Projection Of A Skywalker-don’t even worry about the Senate drain, modify it;
Meditation-on Leia, killer(her rifle is now a +4 weapon and she adds an extra battle destiny).  '