---
layout: post
author: ! Jim "Stimmed Jim" Li
title: ! "Stimmed Jim’s Hardcore"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-20
description: ! "filled with tech, no weaknesses"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Court/blah i fuc.king captured all your guys
great pit of carkoon
Audience chamber
Dungeon
Prepared defenses
TINT/Opressive combo
Mob points
Power of the Hutt

Carida
Spaceport DB
sail barge passenger deck
Imp. Holotable

Jabba da hutt
Mighty Jabba
4-lom w/ gun x2
Iggy w/ gun x2
Mara Jade x2
Merc. Pilot
Dengar w/ gun
ORS
Xizor
Guri x2
Ephant Mon
Gailid
Dr. E & ponda baba combo
Boelo

Scum x2
First Strike
Projective
Battle Order
Main Course
grabbler x2
Monnok
No Bargain
Masterful Move x2
None shall pass x2
Barrier x2
Sniper Dark strike combo
Twilek
Ghhhk + TRWEU
Ghhhk
Search and Destroy
Hutt Influence

Jabba’s sail barge
Zuckuss in MH
Dengar in ship
Bossk in ship
Stinger
Virago
Jabba’s crusier

Mara’s Glowstick/dildo
'

Strategy: '

Gundark, you’re actually right, i should have a EPP Fett in here, I couldn’t find my Fett while making this deck so i didn’t put him in here and i forgot to add him when typing this up, he’d go in for the ORS.

Garion, you must be smoking tons and tons of crack, there are 6 ships in this deck, thats more than most normal DS decks, plus you can pull any of them from reserve, plus they all keep getting retrived, how in hell can you not dominate space?

so what is the on big weakness of Scum decks??? they can’t handle the LS if they have Battle Order, Menace Fades, and some kind of celebration going.  well this deck solves that problem, it has 6 ships that you can pull from reserve that all pack a punch, and should be able to beat on any LS fleet.  2 guri’s mean you’ll get her where you need her most, WYS will be beaten by taking control of the Tatooine system and solidly holding 1 or 2 tatooine sites.  first turn out comes cardia and jabba the hutt, second turn out comes the spaceport db, sail barge and site, and some guy at the spaceport db, the activation possibilities are even better than in a MKOS deck, this deck has a ton of cards against space decks, plus the bounty hunters are inherently good vs. LS ground means you cover both ground and space.  The two MMs are huge for recycling purposes, and Main course is huge vs. Han.  this deck can’t lose if you play it right.   just so you know i know what i’m talking about i played court decks to 7-0 at continentals and 3-1 at worlds. some may question the holotable, but since the trans.term and ooc combo doesn’t make you lose any force, the holotable does you no harm, its a 2-1 you can pull from reserve until the other guy draws a trans term, but it hardly matters since the whole point is to recycle your MMs. man i wonder if i’ll ever submit a deck that includes a vader, i mean i suck at making regular decks i basically just copy some fuc.king good player but when it comes to scum decks i know these decks inside and out. '