---
layout: post
author: Chris "Piett" Anger
title: 'Dueling with Hate'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-12-09
description: ! 'A Hunt Down deck with Deep Hatred. Reacts well to many deck types.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective
HDADTJ (starting)

Epic Events (2)
Epic Duel (starting)
Deep Hatred

Characters (15)
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith 5x
Emperor Palpitine 2x
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand 2x
Darth Maul, Young Apprentice
Lord Maul
Aura Sing
Grand Moff Tarkin
Boba Fett, Bounty Hunter
U-3P0

Locations (8)
Executor Holotheatre (starting)
Executor Meditation Chamber (starting)
Endor Back Door
Endor Dark Forest
Endor Forest Clearing
Naboo Theed Palace Generator
Naboo Theed Palace Generator Core
Rendili

Starships (5)
Chimeara
Thunderflare
Dominator
Bossk In Hunds Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Weapons (4)
Vader’s Lightsaber 2x
Darth Maul’s Double Bladed Lightsaber
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

Interupts (15)
Prepared Defences (starting)
Dark Rage 2x
The Circle Is Now Complete 2x
Vader’s Obsession 2x
It Could be worse
Ommni Box & It’s Worse
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
I Have You Now
Elis Helrot 2x
Evader
Focused Attack

Effects (9)
Fear Is My Ally (starting)
Visage Of The Emperor 2x (starting)
You Cannot Hide Forever & Mobilization Points (starting)
Crush The Rebellion (starting)
Colo Claw Fish (starting)
Imperial decree (starting if opponent is playing EBO and replaces YCHF&MP)
The Phantom Menace
Security Percautions
Reactor Terminal

Defensive Shields (10)
A Usless Gesture
Allegations Of Corruption
Battle Order
Do They Have A Code Clearence?
Fanefare
No Escape
Secret Plans
Resistance
Weapon Of A Sith
You’ve Never Won A Race? '

Strategy: '

Okay, first is first. Once you play your starting stuff immediately grab Rendili with YCHF&MP if you start with it. Then draw your hand. If you opponent is playing Hidden Base sac YCHF&MP if they and get Security Percautions. If you get Dark Rage get Deep Hatred or if you have Deep Hatred already then deploy it. Otherwise you will got one of them by drawing over time. Then you get your locations out and get Vader out on the table ASAP. If Deep Hatred is out place combat cards on Vader for dueling or any of your Jedi if your opponent is playing Lightsaber Combat. Then get you guys on the ground with their lightsabers and drain. If your opponent has played revolution cancel it with Evader and play I have you now to add battle destinies aginst rebels of ability >2 ADD 2 IF LUKE with Crush The Rebellion. Crush also alows you to lose a force to cancel Clash Of Sabers. Use Elis Helrot to jump to your opponents sites and duel them with Vader and be sure to use Deep Hatred. Use It Could Be Worse &Ommni Box to screw up tracking. Place a 7 on colo and that is a great battle destiny Control space with your starships and place extra characters not in use on them for forfit. If you opponent is playing space you have got to suprise them. Use U-3P0 to eliminate a force drain at a site.

THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME '