---
layout: post
author: ! Dennis "Denethor" Jeffris
title: ! "Crix Madine, Jedi Knight"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-05-03
description: ! 'Here’s something ORIGINAL (like all my decks - check them out) instead of the cookie-cutter decks of today.  Try this, it’s surprisingly good.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (6)
Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can
Dagobah
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Strike Planning
Insurrection
Wise Advice

Locations (8)
Dagobah Bog Clearing
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Dagobah Jungle
Dagobah Swamp
Dagobah Training Area
Endor Back Door
Endor Landing Platform
Endor Rebel Landing Site

Jedi Tests (1)
Great Warrior

Devices (2)
Electrobinoculars
Mercenary Armor

Weapons (2)
Blastech E-11B Blaster Rifle
Luke’s Lightsaber

Interrupts (10)
It Could Be Worse x6
Out Of Commission & Transmission Terminated
Sorry About The Mess/Blaster Proficiency
Control & Tunnel Vision x2

Effects (3)
Honor Of The Jedi
What’re You Trying To Push On Us? x2

Starships (4)
Tantive IV
Spiral
Liberty
Home One

Characters (24)
Yoda
General Crix Madine
General Solo
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Luke With Lightsaber
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber x2
Colonel Cracken
Lieutenant Blount
Wuta
Major Panno
Sergeant Bruckman
Corporal Delevar
Corporal Kensaric
Corporal Beezer
Corporal Janse
Corporal Midge
Lieutenant Page
Orrimaarko
Corran Horn
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader '

Strategy: '

Here’s a deck you don’t see everyday.  Train Crix in the ways of The Force  Okay, maybe just 1 Jedi test, but here’s the strategy

In all scout decks, you want to keep Crix protected at all costs.  So why not throw him on Dagobah?  Since Great Warrior’s text says "Also, target or deploy (REGARDLESS OF LOCATION DEPLOYMENT RETRICTIONS) an apprentice."  So, deploy Crix  He has ability of 3, which is large enough to easily finish test 1, which is all I want from him.  Use him to pull out all your scouts, but DONT deploy them.  Save them for a beatdown if he’s playing ground, or use Insurrection to pull out Endor Landing Platform and deploy a squad there w/ Wuta, and use him to pull out your other sites.  Force drain away, until he deploys to stop you.  Then smack him down.  You slow down his drains considerably with test 1.  If he spreads out in space, lay the smack down.  You will have plenty of activation with the Endor sites out.

Here’s the just of my mumbled garbage  Use test 1 to slow drains, beat him with scout swarms at vulnerable spots, and beat him in space when he’s a little vulnerable.  Wedge, Corran, Solo, and COK are excellent in space, so that shouldn’t be too much of a problem.  It Could Be Worse reduces all kinds of damage easily.  Just save activated force for a beatdown and It Could Be Worses  Besides, almost no one uses It’s Worse nowadays, so you should be relatively safe.  If not, use another It Could Be Worse to help out.  Use Beezer to get out Merc Armor and use Blastech with it (try to get Midge or Janse to use it) to blow away every character at the site.  Combined with Sorry About The Mess during your control phase, you can knock off all characters but 1 and just beat the hell out of him  Massive beatdown powers in space and ground.  Slow down all kinds of damage with It Could Be worses.

Some kinds of troublesome cards are It’s Worse, There’ll Be Hell To Pay, and massive Star Destoyer decks.  Other than that, it’s an original deck and it will win if you play it right. '