---
layout: post
author: Ian "Chocobo93" Hunter
title: 'There Is Good In Scouts'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-23
description: ! 'TIGIH that uses the obj. as a Endor (or anywhere) Scout base.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (10)
TIGIH
Chief Chirpa’s Hut
Jedi Luke
Luke’s Saber
Landing Platform
I Feel the Conflict
HFTMF
Strike Planning
DODN/WA
Insurrection

Locations (6)
Endor Back Door
Endor Rebel Landing Site
Endor Dense Forest
Endor Hidden Forest Trail
Spaceport Docking Bay

Characters (19)
Gen. Madine
Gen. Solo
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk
Daughter of Skywalker
Obi w/ Saber
Wedge, RSL
Mirax Terrik
Dash Rendar
Corran Horn
Orrimaarko
Colonel Cracken
Major Panno
Captain Yutani
Lt. Blount
Sergeant Junkin
Corporal Midge
Corporal Beezer
Corporal Delevar
Wuta

Starships (5)
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Pulsar Skate
Outrider
Red Squadron 1

Effects (7)
Goo Nee Tay
Squadron Assignments
Bacta Tank
Honor of the Jedi
Traffic Control
Battle Plan
Scramble

Interrupts (6)
The Signal x2
Insertion Planning x3
Take the Inititive

Weapons/Devices (7)
Mercenary Armor
Portable Scanner
Blastech E-11B Blaster Rifle x2
X-Wing Laser Cannon
Anakin’s Lightsaber
Chewie’s Bowcaster


'

Strategy: '

*Update- Add in a Luke, Rebel Scout in place of one of the other scouts*

Alucard- The Blastech rifles arent meant for a beatdown card...read the strategy. It’s to clear a site, not cause battle damage. Right, I dont have any systems, but then wouldnt that also make the STARSHIPS useless too? Battle Plan is only a precaution. With the starships, you should be able to hold 1 system, even against a strong space deck. Read the SYCFA/TIE strategy. Scramble usually works for more than 1 turn, especially if they dont want to move all of their pilot characters off of ground sites for a turn. Wouldn’t that somewhat hurt their game? Also, DLOTS isnt the only Vader used in decks. Lord Vader or Vader w/ Saber would be much more likely, making the Solo/Chewie beat work. Thanks for the Strike Planning bit though, I’ll correct that in the strategy.

Note If I had a Lt. Page or Ounee Ta they’d be in here.

This deck basically forces your opponent to battle you, and then you swarm them with scouts and stacking on I Feel... like mad. 

Start by pulling Crix AND Solo from the reserve before activating. Deploy Crix to the Hut, and move Luke over to the Landing Platform (Don’t fear Always Thinking With Your Stomach, as you have plenty of scouts and can form a search party easily). Use Crix to pull Corporal Midge, and deploy him to the Hut as well (Midge gives you the +1 drain where you have scout w/ ability greater than 2).You should be activating 6 force + whatever the opponent has given you.

Your Luke should be safe at the Platform alone, since it would only be your 2nd turn, and w/o Imperials, it would be rather hard to beat him down.

Next turn, force drain 3 at the Platform, unless they’ve captured Luke and decided to eat the force loss (Unless it’s Vader, in which this case, with the force you’ve given them, allows you to beat him down easily).

From here on, you just have to play reactively. Pull Chewbacca, to make them fear the beat more. If they’re playing evasively, deploy Solo, Chewbacca, and pull Wuta to get your sites out. If they’re trying to occupy Endor, get scouts and beat them down w/ Inititive and Insertion Planning. If they’re playing space, you should be able to clear at minimum 1 system, so just keep stacking on I Feel and draining from Endor.

If you ever get enough cards on I Feel, either send Luke to Vader or start drawing. Good luck

Card Choices/Combos

Scramble- One of the best effects for this deck. If they’re playing heavy ground, set this baby down and watch their jaws drop. Although it’s vulnerable to Alter, they’ll still have to eat the loss from DODN and it goes to your used pile.

Beezer- If you have Beezer, Midge and a Blastech rifle in hand, you can take out an entire site full of characters. Deploy Beezer and Midge. Deploy Merc. Armor from reserve deck on Midge. Deploy Blastech (for free) on Midge. Initiate battle. Fire for free and repeatedly for free with the blaster (Merc. Armor rules all), adding 2 each time (Midge’s game text). Just keep going until you hit all of them, or your reserve deck’s gone. You can forfeit them both for a combined total of 10, and Beezer prevents reacts.

Anakin’s Saber- To deploy on Daughter of Skywalker, of course.

Starships/Pilots/Squadron Assignments- The ’In’ cards are there for pure beatdown power, and because they take only 1 spot. The others can be important enough that you’d want to use Squadron Assignments to get them out. They’re extremely powerful, especially when used in conjunction with each other.

Portable Scanner- Take X-Wing Laser Cannons/Blastechs/Chewie’s Bowcaster into hand from reserve. Can be deployed by Beezer. High destiny. Enough said.

Delevar- Major tech. Keeps your forfeit high at same location. Can’t beat that.

Blount/Craken- Pull and then use to beatdown lone characters activating at 1/0 docking bays w/ Mob. Points.

Spaceport Docking Bay- Gives you an entrance to any planet they have out that doesn’t have a docking bay.

*Matchups*

Endor Ops- Easily beaten. You can get set up more quickly since your activation is greater than theirs and can stack enough on I Feel to win the game, if not just from drains and battles alone.

ISB Ops- Their AT-ATs can be beaten w/ your Blastech rifles and Midge. Their ISB agents are no match for your scouts. A tough match, but you should pull out with a win.

Hunt Down- Vader captures Luke, you kill Vader with scouts. Use your spy scouts to cancel Visage, and to control the Executor. Once you get your scouts up and running, you can drain on the Executor and on Endor for massive damage. Also, be sure to be careful with your Obi w/ Saber...he can get dueled easily.

BHBM- Let Vader capture Luke early, then let them hurt on their own objective. Play defensively, and make sure not to lose many battles. Let your scouts work their magic and stack those cards on I Feel. This will probably be your toughest matchup, next to TIEs.

SYCFA/TIEs- Drain at Endor as much as possible. Watch for a beatdown squad from Vader. Many chars will be pilots, so wait and drop Scramble on them. Get your starships to 1 system and control it with an iron fist. Get Battle Plan out and start draining. Stack on I Feel when possible. If you can get Battle Plan going, you should be able to win.

ROps- If you’ve got Ounee Ta, put it in in place of Sq. Assignments. With Ounee Ta, beatdowns are easy and you can keep their objective from being flipped. Use the Spaceport Docking Bay to get your ships to the Ralltiir system. Without Ounee Ta, this will be a difficult matchup but you should come out on top.

*Update- Forgot Court and MKOS*

COTVG- Stay away from Tatooine. Tatooine = evil and death. Stock up on your docking bay, but leave Luke at Chirpa’s Hut, as they wont be playing with many Imperials. Use HOTJ to stop their Objective loss (Unless No Escape is out). You’re going to have to rely on the Endor drains and possibly 1 huge beatdown to win this matchup. If any of your characters get captured, send Obi w/ Saber as a 1 man hit squad to release them...and pray he doesnt get captured, either. Luke works well as a suicide man, since if he’s captured, they’re eating the force loss, and it’d be hard to have the Sarlacc or Rancor eat HIM. Try not to lose him, though. If they deploy a system, rule it with an iron fist and use Battle Plan to your advantage. This will be one of your most difficult matchups.

MKOS- Easier than COTVG, but still hard. Stay away from their aliens, and rely on the drains to carry you. Keep Luke protected at the Chief’s hut. Stay on Endor, if at all possible. *End Update*

Thats about it. If your drains dont stop them, your Objective will. Good luck

'