---
layout: post
author: ! Al "MoTU" Schaefer
title: ! "Senator Maul has the floor "
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-10-14
description: ! "senate, maul, mega"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7)

My Lord, Is That Legal?/I Will Make It Legal
Coruscant Galactic Senate
Tatooine Desert Landing Site
Prepared Defenses
The Phantom Menace
Imperial Arrest Order/Secret Plans
TINT/Oppressive Enforcement

Locations (3)

Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Tatooine Podrace Arena
Death Star II Docking Bay

Characters (20)

Darth Maul, Young Apprentice x2
Darth Maul x2
Darth Vader, With Lightsaber x2
Lott Dodd x2
Yeb Yeb Adem&þ x2
Aks Moe
Arica
Orn Free Taa
Tikkes
Rune Haako
Edcel Bar Gane
Sim Aloo
IG-88, With Riot Gun
P-59
U-3P0

Interrupts (13)

Squabbling Delagates x2
Podracer Collision x2
Limited Resources x2
Defensive Fire/Hutt Smooch x2
Omni Box/It’s Worse
Masterful Move/Endor Occupation
On The Payroll Of The Trade Federation
Vote Now
The Point Is Conceded

Effects (11)

No Escape
Do They Have A Code Clearance?
Drop
Allegations Of Corruption
Motion Supported
CHYBC
There’ll Be Hell To Pay
Enter The Bureaucrat
Watto’s Box
Prescence Of The Force
This Is Outrageous

Weapons/Starships/Misc (6)

Maul’s Lightsaber x2
Maul’s Sith Infiltrator x2
Boonta Eve Podrace
Sebulba’s Podracer


'

Strategy: '

UPDATE
obviously this deck doesn’t activate much force from my own icons.  i’ve been runnig this deck for weeks and it hasn’t really been a big issue for me.  if you really wanted to, you could sub in a few interrupts and the droid control ship bridge so you can pull it out of your deck early.  profit and hb give you a bunch of icons, and you really dont need to deploy a lot of stuff to do well.  this deck just happened to be doin okay for me lately prolly cuz of the local meta and not cuz its a really great deck.

---steve ramsie---  this is some rescue sounds like a pretty good idea.  nobody really abuses ooc in my area so it hasn’t been a problem.  that’s why i opted for the easier to recycle interrupts like omni box combo, masterful move combo, vote now, and the point is conceded.  plus, the last two let me activate force, which is good.


END UPDATE





The starting cards listed are just generic picks.  You should ALWAYS pick at leas ONE of your starting effects based on what your opponent is playing.  Basically what I try to do with this deck is get a first turn flip, which is not very difficult.  Then use Lott Dodd to pull out a piece of the podrace every turn.  While you’re doing that, use Maul and supporting characters to go give the LS some trouble.  Even if you lose a few battles or crap like that, it dont matter.  When you throw down the mid-game podrace, your opponent will @#$% a brick.  After the podrace has started, use the manipulative abilities of your objective and cards like Defensive Fire, Limited Resources, Yeb Yeb, and Sim Aloo to mess up your opponent some more.  If the podrace doesnt finish him off, it should get you close enough to win.  This deck doesn’t win by a whole lot, but it wins pretty consistently and it’s generally interactive.


 - vs - WYS

start Allegations Of Corruption instead of TINT combo.  get tatooine maul to the cantina asap and use the political effect to boost your drains there.  GRAB CONTROL/TUNNEL VISION, think about it, if the ls is running 3 of these, cancelling a drain of 2, 2 times, each card is worth 4 of their life force, that’s 12 life force from 3 cards.  That’s like Bad.  heh, you might not want to start The Phantom Menace in this game, mostly cuz you wont really need it, and I heard it’s good to have a destiny 7 card in your deck.  try Do They Have A Code Clearance?  instead.  pick your battles in this game and play smart.  wys is still by far the most powerful deck until R3.

 - vs - HB

This time you might want to keep the generic start.  But try to get Do They Have A Code Clearance out soon.  you’re also going to have to put your manipulator to use early.  If they flip, you die.  maul in space can help, but he’s not enough to win you this game.   get your other monkeys down to the ground fast and drain for as much as you can before he flips.  once he flips, you gotta get maul out and probing fast.  the early game is crucial vs a flip deck.  if hb flip is big in your area, you might even consider adding Start Your Engines to the deck so you could have an alternate racing start.  if you can finish the race before they flip, more than likely they wont be able to win the game.  if you’re playin a hb mains deck, keep the generic start and just go nuts.  battle as much as you can, put maul in front of jedi and kick some ass.  this deck has a decent amount of weapons and that makes battling fun.

 - vs - profit

start arica in the ac and go about business as usual.  you should be able to out battle your opponent in most cases.  if they are racing, dont start watto’s box.  sebulba and podracer collision x2 arent enough to beat a hard core racing deck.  it really kinda sux when you lose force to your own cards.  if you lose the race, I Did It will have dire effects on the rest of the game.  just play smart and hope sebulba doesn’t @#$% out on you.  


i hope that covers the three main ls decks that are out and about lately.  thanks in advance for reviewing the deck.  

btw, if you havent seen it yet Iron Monkey is a cool f.uckin movie   '