---
layout: post
author: Julien "Dark Padawan" Riviere
title: 'Decipher week-end Brugge DS winner'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-07
description: ! 'This deck went undefeated during the Decipher week-end in Brugge (BELGIUM)and give me the victory. He won his 5 games and beat 3 Ounee Ta so please read the strategy...'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Ralltiir Operations/In The Hands Of The Empire (st)

Locations (8)
Carida 
Death Star II Docking Bay 
Desert 
Executor Docking Bay 
Forest 
Jungle 
Ralltiir (st)
Spaceport Docking Bay 

Characters (18)
Admiral Ozzel 
Arica 
AT-ST Pilot  x3
Biker Scout Trooper 
Darth Vader With Lightsaber 
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith 
DS-181-3 
Emperor Palatine 
Grand Admiral Thrawn 
IG-88 With Riot Gun 
Janus Greejatus 
Lieutenant Arnet 
Officer Evax 
Sergeant Barich 
Sergeant Elsek 
Sim Aloo 

Vehicles (6)
Blizzard Scout 1 
Speeder Bike  x2
Tempest Scout 1 
Tempest Scout 2 
Tempest Scout 5 

Starships (5)
Boba Fett In Slave I 
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth 
Chimaera 
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser 
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 

Interrupts (12)
Evader & Monnok 
High-speed Tactics  x2
Imperial Command 
Masterful Move 
Monnok 
Omni Box & It’s Worse 
Prepared Defenses (st)
Projective Telepathy  x2
Trample  x2

Effects (10)
First Strike 
Imperial Arrest Order (st)
Imperial Decree 
Mobilization Points (st)
There Is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement (st)
Search And Destroy 
Secret Plans 
There’ll Be Hell To Pay  x2
You Cannot Hide Forever  '

Strategy: '

Why I have made this deck
Nowadays a dark deck must deal with WYS. WYS is usually played with Palace Raiders and Patrol Crafts. So High Speed Tactic is the key to win  And playing Biker Scout Troopers prevents from Harvest. So I have to choose between Endor Ops or Ralltiir Ops but I prefer Ralltiir Ops... I made it with Jimmy Faelens and we both played it.

Why this Ralltiir deck is original
For example, Steven Lewis says in the strategy section of his WYS
"VS. ROPS/Bikers 
This is by far the most difficult matchup. Since High Speed Tactics absolutely owns your Raiders, you can&#8217;t use your Crafts. And since all the bikers are Stormtroopers, Harvest is useless. And as long as ROPS is flipped, you have no drains. Basically, you should do your best to keep your opponent on the 0 side (move a ship to Ralltir early, drop swarms of aliens at his sites, etc.) or you lose."
OK, he will keep his smugglers outside... But against my Ralltiir, if he goes outside the Crafts, I Trample and if he goes inside, I High Speed Tactic.
So playing both At-St/Trample and Speeder Bike/HST is the originality and the power of my deck.

How do I deal with Ounee Ta ?
If my opponent plays Ounee Ta, I set up activation on my non-battleground Docking Bay by deploying just the Jungle on Ralltiir. He can’t come on the Jungle because he wouldn’t drain and he would lose his beatdown potential (due to Ounee Ta). At that point I wait a Monnok (I am playing like 3 2 and a Masterful Move). Remember the game where Clint Hays lost 9 cards to Monnok with his WYS against T.J. Holman. Now I can flip safely by transiting from my DB.
If you want further explanations you can read the reports (Day 1 and Day 2) of the Decipher week-end Brugge (BELGIUM) on my own page. I handled 3 times Ounee Ta...

Strategy
Start always the same cards (st) unless he plays EBO. In this case start Imperial Decree instead of There is No Try & OE.
Don’t forget to get Carida before activating with Mob. Point.
Your first occupation must be to flip. First turn deploy a non battleground DB with a cheap guy here for activation and the Jungle. The key to flip in perfect situation is to play Monnok lost (you can avoid Beatdown) before and to have at least one react. In the worse case don’t forget you can pull off the Biker with your objective and then take a Speeder Bike with him.
Never go to space before flipping unless he holds Ralltiir system. In this case, prepare your 3 sites with Imperials and then deploy a ship to flip. You can either battle with your total destiny adder or flee on Carida if Battle Plan is out. The turn after you flip, reinforce your position on Ralltiir untill it is impossible for your opponent to come. Then you can go battle with First Strike. Your several drains on Ralltiir will hurt the opponent. Trample the undercover spies by tracking Masterful Move or Omni Box. You won’t see any Projection of Skywalker due to the threat of Hutt Influence for the Lightside. Use your Grabbers to stack the good interrupt. Projective Telepathy is here for AFA, Order To Engage and it may cancel a battle.


For the matchups

VS. WYS
He can’t both flip and go to Ralltiir system (it’s a non-battleground of course). Don’t use the non-battleground DB for activation because he would flip. Use instead the Spaceport DB by putting a lots of vehicles and pilots quickly (use your objective for that). Don’t forget that his pilots deploy +1 on this site. When you are ready (in the best case when you have Monnok) spread on Jungle and Desert (his destinies are lower on these sites). Then make your job with Trample and High Speed Tactic while Arica prevents him from draining in Cantina... It’s the lone deck where Ounee Ta is a real threat but you have all the keys to win this matchup.

VS. Space deck or Dagobah deck
Flip quickly and reinforce your sites. Kill his spies and put Search&Destroy. Thraw+Chimaera+IC are good to handle a battlegroung system. Imperial Decree owns EBO.

VS Profit
Start with Arica undercover in Audience Chamber. Always keep a force to move Arica. You can flip quickly while he releases Han. Then just drain him more than you lose forces with his objective. He can’t drain due to your objective and Imperial Decree for the sabers (with Ralltiir and Carida). Try to kill Han or even better use IG-88 to capture him. Use wisely First Strike to retrieve a few and make him lose more forces. You can battle then flee since he doesn’t drain. He either follows you to prevent you from draining or leave you draining.

You can win all the games with this deck and don’t fear Ounee Ta ,just be careful  The best startegy is to read the reports to see how I played this deck and win all my game...

Julien RIVIERE alias Dark Padawan '