---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "choker" Sorrell
title: ! "I Can’t Spell"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-25
description: ! "I had to resubmit this deck after I found out that I spelled the damn title wrong  Sorry"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting... 
WYS/TPCGALR 
Heading for the Medical Frigate 
Menace Fades 
Squadron Assignments 
You Cannot Hide Forever (LS Equivalent) 
Cantina 
Tatooine DB 
Tatooine 

Characters... 
Melas x2 (anti-Maul) 
Capt. Han 
Scout Luke (anti-BHBM) 
Jedi Luke x2 
Mirax 
Wedge 
Theron Nett 
Beru & Owen x2 
Raltir Freighter Captain x4 
Talon Karde 
ECC Lando 
Dash Rendar 
Chewbacca, Protector 

Ships... 
Falcon 
Pulsar Skate 
Red 7 
Red Squadron 1 
Outrider 

Locations... 
Kashyyyk (awesome tech) 
Rendevous Point 
Lar&#8217;s Farm x2 
Kessel 

Admiral&#8217;s Orders... 
I&#8217;ll Take the Leader x2 

Interrupts... 
Harvest x3 
Rebel Barrier x3 
Hyper Escape 
Out of Commision/Trans. Terminated x2 
Tunnel Vision 
Tunnel Vision/Control x3 
Punch It 
Lost in the Wilderness 
It Could Be Worse 
It&#8217;s a Hit 

Weapons... 
X-Wing Laser Cannon 

Effects... 
Battle Plan 
Legendary Starfighter 
Grabber 



'

Strategy: '

UPDATE
Thanks for all the helpful reviews, but I must say some just don’t make sense.  Firstly, to Voice of Law, you said I need some transmission terminated to counter visage...well if you look at my deck list you might notice two transmissions in the form of the combo card.  Secondly, I’m not attempting to control Kessel, Tatooine, and Kashyyyk in this deck.  I only try to control Kessel, and only after this do I try to expand my drains, which I only will do once I feel confident that the dark side has either run out of ships or plays very few.  I also do not strive to control the moisture farm because all I need to do is deploy Lars & Beur there, play a harvest, and then move to safer ground at an adjacent site.  Yes, if I have the cards to hold the site (and the harvests to play) I will back them up, but for the most part I just try to grab hold of Cantina.  If I can’t control the Cantina then oh well...I can’t move away from the opponent on my turn to activate menace fades during their control face (I’m happy with that).  Lastly, don’t say this deck can’t beat ISB, huntdown racing, etc. if you’ve never played it or seen me play it.  Just in the last tourney I played in I beat an ISB deck simply through space dominance (w/ the X-WIng laser cannon) and activating menace fades at one site (Lar’s Moisture Farm.  I can control one site if I so chose against ISB cause their characters truly aren’t THAT strong.  So, I don’t force drain at the Farm because my drains are minus 1, but I do retrieve about 8 cards every  other turn from Harvest (I can live with that).  Legendary does the rest of the damage coupled with drains from Kessel.  It just gets me angry when someone says, ”this deck get wrecked....”  This deck can lose, of course this is true, but it won’t get crushed by any deck out there (not if you play it right).  Thanks
END UPDATE

I can’t spell.  I apologize to all that saw the typo in my first title submission.  O well  I’m a much better player than I am a speller.

I won’t go into all the boring detail you’ve probably all heard about how to play Watch Your Step. Frankly, playing watch your step requires only two things controlling kessel and occupying the cantina. Instead, I’ll give some basic info into playing this particular Harvesting version, which has not lost a game in sactioned tournament play (even against those menacing dedicated dark side podracing decks). 

Since the retrieval engine, which is quite potent, is based not on Tatooine Celebration, which will be cancelled after the combo card in Coruscant is released, some pointers are necessary for success. 

Here’s a list of priorities for playing this deck... 
1)flip your objective by controlling kessel and the cantina early (do this by cheap deployment to Kashyyyk and Rendevous Point and use barriers and hyper escape to avoid any conflict during that early stage where you’re most vulnerable. 
2)Focus on getting the cards for running your Harvesting engine operating (i.e. Owen & Beru, The Moisture Farm, and Harvest) 
3)Support your drains at Kessel and the Farm with all those charcters that pop into your hand from drawing. Be sure to drop luke with Owen & Beru because Harvest will allow you to add two destiny when they are battling together (this should then knock any threat off the Farm for future Harvesting for retreival purposes). With the help of I’ll Take the Leader and the X-Wing Laser Cannon, keeping control of Kessel (and the other systems) should not be that much of a problem. 
4)Set up the Legendary Starfighter card by keeping the Falcon either in your hand or at Kessel. When the opponent comes to a site, barrier him then pound him on your turn. I’ve won so many games with Legendary on the Falcon that it’s just not fair for the DS. This card makes the difference in those tight games 

As for some card choices... 
Why 4 tunnel visions?
I like having the 3 combos with the 1 true tunnel vision from dagobah (so I don’t have so many badd destinies floating around my deck). The tunneling is imperative to set up the Harvest engine. Having som many tunnels allows me to play only two copies of Owen & Beru and the Farm, cutting down on wasted card space. 

Why Scout Luke?
This is a meta choice. In my region BHBM is by far the most popular deck for the dark side, so I opt for one of the Scout Lukes. yeah, he ain’t a six destiny, but if I’m playing BHBM that doesn’t matter much when I can pull him from reserve. 
Why only 3 Harvests?
That’s all you need when you can play them from the lost pile. IMPORTANT I will admit that retreiving almost defeats the purpose of the WYS objective, which allows you to play interrupts from your lost pile, so when I retreive I choose first high destiny interrupts that won’t see much play from my lost pile (like Trans. Terminated combo when I’m playing a non-huntdown deck, etc.). Then I choose characters like RFCs that have descent destiny and could helm me in the game when deployed. I don’t like playing my harvests from my lost pile until I’m positive that the game will not last long enough for me to recycle them into my deck and then play them from my hand again. 

Why It’s a Hit?
Too many people are trying to play It’s Worse on me when I use It Could Be Worse to minimize my losses against podracing. It’s a Hit also cancel Elis and a lot of other pesky dark side cards (it also allows me to cancel force drains on Tat. when I control the system). 

Why no Run Luke Run?
Simple, dueling Hunt Down ain’t popular in my area 
Why not use podracing for retrieval?
First off I would like to say that Podracing is GAY Secondly, WYS podracing, despite its ability to play cards from lost pile, might come across trouble when playing a really dedicated dark side podracing deck. The Harvests allow me to retreive the cards that I want, and the retrieval comes in little dabs. Four here four there. Plus, one harvest=8 cards worth of retrieval if I so choose The Harvesting retrieval also allows me to start three solid effects instead of just one, and the retrieval is revolving...it keeps going and goin (if i want it to). 

This deck is just solid. It can hold its own in both space and on the ground, and it does not depend on harvesting to win games. I beat a 2038 player just the other day without ever harvesting once because he monnoked both me Owens & Berus when I only had three cards in my hand (that was unlucky for me but it didn’t have a lasting impact on the game). 

Have fun and enjoy the power of Harvest. I just realized that I wrote this whole section, and I misspelled ”retrieve” thirty or so times. Oh well Sorry. 

Michael ”the spider monkey” Sorrell 


'