---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "Rieekan" Sanders
title: ! "Welcome To The Light Side Vader vs  2 0"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-24
description: ! 'A TIGIH with huge power and drains.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(10)
There Is Good In Him/
I Can Save Him
Endor Landing Platform
Endor Chief Chirpa’s Hut
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Luke’s Lightsaber
I Feel The Conflict
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Staging Areas
Strike Planning
Insurrection

Locations(5)
Endor Rebel Landing Site
Endor Hidden Forest Trail
Endor Dense Forest
Endor Ancient Forest
Endor Back Door

Characters(19)
Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout
General Solo x2
Chewbacca, of Kashyyyk
Daughter of Skywalker x2
General Crix Madine
Corporal Beezer
Corporal Kensaric
Corporla Midge
Colonel Cracken
Lieutenant Blount
Sergeant Brooks Carlson
Dash Rendar
Wedge Antilles, RSL
Derek ’Hobbie’ Klivian
Admiral Ackbar
ASP-707 x2
Wuta

Weapons/Devices(5)
Anakin’s Lightsaber
Chewie’s Bowcaster
Portable Scanner x3

Starships(5)
Outrider
Red Squadron 1
Red Squadron 4
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Home One

Interrupts(12)
Take The Initiative x2
Insertion Planning x2
Rebel Leadership x3
Weapon Levitation
On The Edge x2
The Signal x2

Effects(4)
Bacta Tank
Order To Engage
Lightsaber Proficiency
Squadron Assignments

Admiral’s Orders(1)
I’ll Take The Leader
'

Strategy: '

To start your game, use HFTMF to pull Staging Areas, Strike Planning, and Insurrection. On your first turn, you shouldn’t do much. Drain for 1 at Chirpa’s Hut, pull your Generals, and move Luke over to generate 5 next turn at the landing platform. On turn two, you’ll have enough Force to deploy Solo, Madine, Chewie, Wuta, and an Endor site from Reserve. As the game progresses, you can also use Madine and Wuta to pull all your other scouts and sites. Once you’re all set at the landing platform, go and transit over to the opponent. 

There are alot of cards to help you out during battles. Take The Initiative will add 6 to your battle destiny, Insertion Planning will cut the Dark Side’s battle destiny by 3, Wep Lev can get rid of anything annoying like a Vibro-Ax, or saber, On The Edge is your means of retrieval, and Rebel Leadership is a key card in this deck. On the ground, you can use it with Gen. Solo to force the opponent to draw only one battle destiny, which you can cancel with Solo and CoK. It works in the air too. Use it with Ackbar to cause the one time draw and then cancel with Wedge, RSL. Bacta Tank keeps your men alive, OTE hurts large, Proficiency can get Leia to a power of 7, and SA helps get your ships out easier. The ASP droids can also wreak havoc in this deck. Use Beezer to pull Portable Scanners, then pull your weapons, and then use your ASP droids to stack the Scanners on top of your deck and draw them for a nasty 6 destiny (in combination with Take The Initiative, that’s a total of 12 battle destiny). After you use the Scanners, pull them with Beezer again and keep using them the same way.

The scouts all have their special abilities. Beezer kills reacts getting rid of AT-ST problems, Kensaric slows down Imp deployment, Midge adds to drains, Cracken makes it harder to deploy spies, Blount screws up ISB, and Brooks makes it a lot easier to move all those scouts for free with a landspeed of 2. Now onto the matchups

BHBM Start off RS instead of JK and build up your ground on Endor. Once that happens, go transit over to the DSIIdb and get ready for a fight with Palpatine. Chances are by the time you’ve got all your sites out and scouts down, Palpy will have quite a few reinforcements, but it shouldn’t be too much of a problem. With no battle destinies, and weapons that draw two destinies the Emperor won’t last long. Once you hit him, that’ll be game. Keep Vader at the Throne Room with RS and beatdown his remaining forces. It might be a good idea to stay indoors at the Throne Room so you can avoid walkers. 

MKOS Build up your ground on Endor and transit over to the opponent. Invade the Audience Chamber and start battling. This should be a little easier, since you can use Luke. With no battle destiny and 12 attrition, his aliens should die like flies. They have very low forfeit so the opponent will be losing quit a few the first battle. Once you take over the AC, cancel Scum and Villainy and keep on draining him there. He might try to take it back, but you should have enough to hold off another offensive. Be sure to take out Jabba first with a weapon though so the opponent doesn’t get the battle destiny bonus (won’t make too much of a difference the first fight since he won’t be able to draw any).

Hunt Down Give Luke to Vader and start beating him down. With no way to duel captives or Obi-Wan, this should be easy. The first scout you’ll want to pull is Blount, then use him to deploy to the Holotheatre and cancel Visage. Don’t be afraid to kill off Vader, these decks will pack atleast four of him so if he ever leaves the table expect to see him again. Once you’ve stacked up enough on I Feel, cross him over and that’ll be game.

ISB Operations Build up at Endor, transit over to Coruscant, and use Blount to keep their objective flipped on the 0 side. Since ALL ISB agents are spies, Cracken will make their deployment insane, and Kensaric will add to that. Beat them down on their own planet, take over Coruscant, and drain him out there. If he deploys Vader, it’s a blessing. Give him Luke and switch Vader over. By the time you’ve battled away at all his ISB agents, you should have enough for a decent cross over.

TIEs Get your ships out ASAP and spread out on the ground and drain. You can pull all of your sites with Wuta, and with Midge, Ani’s and Luke’s saber with Proficiency you’ll be draining for atleast 2 or 3 at each site. Keep him occupied in space and keep draining. Attack at his least fortified system and hit him hard. If he tries to pull off more than one battle destiny play Rebel Leadership and cancel with Wedge, RSL. TIE Cannons will be your biggest threat, but chances are you’ll win the battle cause of your power, and TTI wrecks TIE decks. The only ship of yours that’ll be power -2 is GiG1, but with Outrider and that AO down the opponent’s total power will be over -6, giving you a nice edge in battle.

Well that’s it for the strategy. Thanks for all the reviews. '