---
layout: post
author: ! Wayne "Rebel Scum" Cullen
title: ! 'One More RST Deck'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-20
description: ! 'just another RST deck without blowing away the bunker'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting7 
RST 
endor 
E rebel landing site 
HFTMF 
squad assignments 
strike planning 
your insight serves you well 

characters22 
LSJK X2 
DOS 
COK 
general solo 
general calrissian 
general crix madine 
corporal kensaric 
sergeant brooks carlson 
corporal midge 
corporal beezer 
orrimaarko 
major panno 
wedge RSL 
tycho celchu 
colonal cracken 
lt blount 
dash rendar 
wuta 
ithorian X3 

locations4 
E back door 
E hidden forest trail 
E landing platform 
E chief chirpas hut 

starships6 
gold squadron 1 
red squadron 1 
green squadron 3 
outrider 
tala 1 
tala 2 

interrupts11 
insertion planning X2 
take the initiative 
rebel barrier X2 
the signal X2 
it could be worse 
i know 
OOC&TT 
out of nowhere 

effects7 
close air support 
insurrection 
honor of the jedi 
menace fades 
DODN&WS 
bacta tank 
battle plan 

weapons2 
Anis saber 
lukes saber 

admirals orders1 
ill take the leader 
'

Strategy: '

STRATEGY 
pretty simple really. just control endor and related sites and drain. this deck works with out blowing away the bunker. all my characters except the pilots,crix, and ithorians are scouts (13 scouts to be exact) so flipping the objective is pretty easy then with close air support out controlling is easier.never spread out right away b/c that could be your undoing. while your getting out your sites with the crix/cok/wuta system get your scouts with crix (i usually prefer to get out kenseric then chewie then brooks but it depends on whats in your hand) and when you have 3 sites out move your scouts around (use brooks to use the 2 landspeed to get to the 3rd site then use other scouts to get to the secend. once midge is out i usually move crix and wuta to the chirpas hut to let midge and my interrupts do there thing then i kick ***. with strike planning first turn i pull crix right away before i activate. then depending on what my opponent is playing i grab the other general if i have 1 in my hand then i grab the other 2. see pretty simple. 

MATCH UPS 

BHBM this can be a problem especially if they get a 1st turn emperor to the rebel landing site. if this happens you have to hope empy dosent have an escort with him b/c your gonna have to take him out. or if he/she has an escort save your force for 1 turn then just deploy your crew to the landing platform 2nd turn (using YISYW to get insurrection to pull the DB first turn) then just do your best to keep control of endor once close air support is out you will have a big edge 

TIES this is diffacult. ill take the leader is in here just for the accastion (and the +1 drain at landing platform) that will boost my ships up a bit and hurt those ties. my ships can hold endor so i dont suggest spreading out. then just try to outdrain on the ground 

HD do not duel vader stay away from him unless you know you can win the duel cracken blount and TT can cancel visage so that will help you there. and thats about it for this 

Court try to get honor out ASAP to reduce the force loss since you dont want to go to tatooine. but if you have to, you have to. if they arent playing no escape it shouldnt be to hard 

thanx for the review 
'