---
author: Quirin "el-diablo" Fuergut
title: 'SYCFA-Ties aka the Baron will kick ya @#$%'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-02
description: 'First of all this is a strong Tie-Deck which has killed every X-Wing Swarm Deck it has played, and also a few others.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective(1):
SYCFA/TUPITU

Starting(7):
Death Star
Death Star: DB
Alderaan
Prepared Defenses
Combat Response
Mobilization Points
Battle Order

Characters(9):
Vader w Stick x2
Emperor x2
Commander Merrejk x2
Baron Soontir Fel x2
U-3PO

Ships(16):
Saber 1 x2
Tie Interceptor x8
The Emperors Sword
The Emperors Shield
Dreadnaught x3
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Admiral Orders(2):
Fighter Cover x2

Weapons(3):
SFS L-s9.3 Laser Cannons

Effects(7):
Presence of the Force x2
Lateral Damage
Sienar Fleet Systems x2
Well Guarded
Dreaded Imperial Starfleet

Interrupts(10):
Imperial Barrier x2
All Power to Weapons x3
Dark Maneuvers x2
Short Range Fighters
Twilek Advisor x2

Systems(5):
Wakeelmui
Kiffex
Kashyyyk
Sullust
Endor 

Strategy: 

The Main Idea is to play Emperor and Merrejk to the DB for activation and to pull systems.Also you play the Battle Order to win against Profit and Agents easier.
Also you can pull Wakeelmui with Mob. Points so Fleet Systems will work fast.Get your systems out with Presences on it and drain em to Hell.You can retrieve the hole Game with the Fleet Systems and also the Interceptors go to your Used Pile, which is very good.In the End-Game play Short-Range Fighters to retrieve like 5-8 Force, so I had a lot games with no cards in Lost pile.
One last thing: Clear Wakeelmui, opponent shouldnt get control of it!!!!
--------------------------------------------------

Card Choices:
Baron - well I think no Tie-Deck without him.Hes just a beating.Put him at a site with one Interceptor so you have 9 Power and 2 Destinies!!!
Also he is in to kick Falcons ass.I hate people saying that Falcon and OTE kills a Tie-Deck on its own.Baron + high tracked Destinies + gun = dead Falcon.If you dont know what I mean just D-Mail me and I will answer any questions.

Emperors Sword/Shield - These are 2 of the fun cards.Well deploy them as a react to protect from beatdown and also retrieve 3 Force which is very cool.Lets see, you have a lone Merrejk at the D*DB so opponent attacks you.You react, retrieve 3 Force and forfeit for 6!!!Next turn deploy a Tie and the card is in your Deck again.

Fighter Cover - First of all I put these in to protect from nasty Light Side AOs which make my Ties Power -2.They are also 6s and help shooting opponents ships, also making your ship Power +3.So the Baron can get a lot of Power with APTW and Fighter Cover.

Well Guarded - Also a 6 and protects from monnok which is very mean against you.

Zuckuss - mainly to make a beatdown or hold a system on its own with Barrier in your Hand.Probably the best BH-Ship.

Vader - To make a few surprise Beatdowns and help Empy at the bay.

Combat Response - Only in their to get the Baron in Ship as fast as possible.This is a must!!!!

Twilek - well get Lateral Damage, Well Guarded, Fleet Systems and Dreadeed Imperial Starfleet with him.

Dreadnaughts - to move your Interceptors.

U-3PO - Undercover Spy and nothing else

Why no Sac protections? - in my are there are nearly no Light Decks with SAC, so if you fear SAC put in Opressive Enforcement, There Is No Try and 2 Grabbers.
--------------------------------------------------

Matchups:

EBO - Just overpower him in space, and shoot as much ships as possible to win battles more easily.If he keeps force for a beatdown hold force for shooting 2 ships(with Interceptors), one Barrier and if possible Emperors Sword/Shield.
Shouldnt be to difficult.

Hidden Base/Swarm - same as EBO.

Hidden Mains - Drain him out, take care of Falcon and cancel his drains with U-3PO and you Effect.

Profit - As I said before hold the Docking Bay and drain him for free while he has to pay.

MWYHL - Drain in space and win.His 1st test only will stop the 2 at Kashyyyk so with Presences your Drtain Potential is 9 and that for free.

Agents - Once again Battle Order will help a lot so this will be a Drain race, probably toughest matchup.
--------------------------------------------------

Well thats all I think.Have fun by trying the Deck and improving it.So please tell me what to improve and rate it damn.I need Feedback!!!!!!!! 