---
layout: post
author: ! chris "Putz" burnett
title: ! "massive solid deck v2"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-22
description: ! "this deck has good drains and massive battle power and is deep in space"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective 
Endor Operations 

Locations (7) 
Endor (S) 
Endor Bunker (S) 
Endor Landing Platform (docking bay) (S) 
Endor Back Door 
Endor Dark Forest 
Endor Forest Clearing 
D2 Docking Bay 

Characters (17) 
Darth Vader x2 
Darth Vader Dark Lord of the sith 
Grand Moff Tarkin 
Admiral Ozzel 
Captain Sarkli 
4-Lom w/Gun 
Captain Galad Pellaeon 
Grand Admiral Thrawn 
Commander Igar 
Guri 
Prince Xizor 
Emperor Palpatine 
Sim Aloo 
Janus Greejatus 
Mara Jade, The Emperor&#8217;s Hand 
U-3PO 

BIG BLUE (11) 
Tempest 1 
Tempest Scout 5 
Tempest Scout 6 
Blizzard 2 
Blizzard Scout 1 
Executor 
Chimaera 
Boba Fett in ship 
Bossk in Ship 
Dengar in Ship 
Zuckuss in Ship 

Effects (8) 
Imperial Arrest Order (S) 
Mobilization Points (S) 
Oppressive Enforcement (S) 
Something Special planned for them 
Secret Plans 
Reactor Terminal 
I Had No Choice 
You cannot hide forever 

Weapon 
Vaders Lightsaber 
Mara Jades Lightsaber 

Interrupt (13) 
Look Sir Droids 
Prepared Defenses 
Trample x4 
Imperial Barrier 
Masterful Move x3 
Force Lighting 
The Circle Is Not Complete 
There Will Be Hell To Pay 

AO 
Battle Deployment  '

Strategy: '

before activating pull use mobilization points to pull the executor. first turn deploy the d*2 docking bay from reserve deck if not in hand deploy some scumbag there to get extra force activation on second turn unless you expect some spies then make sure you can draw destiny before you do. deploy 1 site if you have it in your hand if not then draw. Second turn deploy something to the endor docking bay if you are able to draw destiny. deploy any sites deploy 1 of them if you have more then 1 if not just deploy one. deploy some characters to the sites and some at-at&#8217;s going to the opponents sites if you need to.and use masterful move to track a six and you can also use janus and trafic control to track you high destiny. Drop Emperor, Sim, and Janus at the endor docking bay to active 2 extra force. To trample my opponents characters i have to track my destiny because of my low destiny and as someone told me i have to track like a pro and i can track like a pro. i also get sixs whenever i know that i need them because my luck they are sitting on top of my deck then i track them and use them again and again. 

Against WYS 
deploy the D*2 docking bay but do not deploy there. go to space where they have a lone starship and battle them since most my ships can draw a destany. if you get zuckuss in misthunter 4-lom w/gun and bossk in bus deploy them to where the falcon and/or outrider is if they have it out if they do not have >6 ability so there destiny =0 and pick and chose your battles wisely so you will not lose much force. 

Against RST 
stay on endor and trample there characters, battle them and try to keep them from blowing up bunker. when you go to space watch out for there ships if they have any. and try to drain when you have the opertunity. 

Against QMC 
take over bespin and keep there objective fliped circle Obi and beatdown luke and the rest wile draining on endor with your at-ats and at-sts. also use emperor sim and janus at the docking bay to drain for 2 there wile you activate 4 there. 

Against Profit 
let them free free han and if they move him out side the audience chamber trample han. kill there mains when they spread out kill there mains one by one with beatdown squads  '