---
layout: post
author: Alexandre "Lord Kenobi" Dufresne
title: 'Massassi Base Operations again?'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-09
description: 'This deck is a monster and will be even better once the new "Tatooine" expasion comes out.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

 
Starting cards (7)

Massassi Base Operations 
Yavin 4: system
Yavin 4: Docking Bay
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Squadron Assignments 
Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice 
Strike Planning

Locations (13) 

Yavin 4: Massasi War Room
Yavin 4:Massasi Throne Room
Yavin 4: Jungle
Yavin 4:Briefing Room
Yavin 4: Docking Bay 
Yavin 4 
Endor
Kessel
Ord Mantel 
Death Star: Trench
Kiffex
Coruscant 
Death Star

Characters (15)

Luke Skywalker 
Luke with Lightsaber * 
General Crix Madine  
Rebel Tech x2
Colonel Salm
Elyhek Rue
Kin Kian
Kier Santage
Chewbacca Protector 
Colonel Cracken 
Lieutenant Blount 
EPP Leia 
EPP Han 

Interrupts (15)

You’re All Clear Kid
It Could be Worse
Quite a Mercenary x2
Rebel Barrier x2
Hyper Escape x3
It Can Wait
Full Throttle
Darklighter Spin
Heading for The Medical Frigate 
Noble Sacrifice
Houjix & Out of Nowhere

Effects (8)

Projection of a Skywalker x2
Squadron Assignments
Do Or Do Not & Wise Advice 
Honor of the Jedi
Traffic Control
Strike Planning 
That new Effect in the &#8220;Tatooine&#8221; Expansion * 

Starships (9)

Red Squadron 7
Gray Squadron 1
Red 7
B-Wing Bomber
Home One 
Tala 1 
Tala 2 
Tantive IV
Artoo-Detoo in Red 5

Weapons (1)

Proton Torpedoes

Epic Event (1)

Attack Run

Objectives (1)

Massassi Base Operations/ One in a Million 


Strategy: 

* Luke with Saber, Is only in here until the Tatooine set comes out at which time, I will remove him from the deck and add the New effect in that helps out this deck. The deck list has 61 cards listed on it, but only 60 are used in the deck. The Luke with saber, was just in their until the new effect comes out at which Time the deck will be reduced to exactly 60 cards. 

The 2 main systems you need to control are Coruscant & Kessel, with your objective flipped and both of those systems in your control, The opponent will lose 10 a turn, unless he has converted those sites, then it would only be 8 or 9 a turn.

  Why General Crix Madine? 

I use him because he helps get out Tala Squadron early in the game, so you can start draining your opponent. Vs. Decks that use the DSII, Moff Jerjerrod and the other stuff like That Things Operational, you can get your ships out and put them on Endor, move them to the DSII and then start draining him for 5 a turn at the DSII until he gets some ships there or gets That Things Operational on table. That always hurts your opponent early on as he is forced to get his ships and DSII stuff out faster than normal. With Strike Planning, you can also cancel his drains at Endor unless he is using the Endor Operations objective. That way he only gets 3 force on his first turn and not 5. Also with Tala Squadron Out early, you can move into the DSII and destroy it the turn after he deploys it. Them about 3 turns later BANG. Bye Bye DSII. 

While doing that, Have your other ships knock out the Death Star 1, flip your objective and star the huge draining. With Tala Squadron going after the DSII, your opponent will be preoccupied trying to save the DSII and won&#8217;t be able to stop your drains unless he spreads his forced real thin.  

Vs. other decks, just deploy your stuff, flip your objective and then destroy the Death Star and drain him to death. The drains should kill him pretty fast, say 2-4 turns. With the massive Kessel/ Coruscant drain for 10 a turn he will lose fast. I doubt your opponent can retrieve 10 plus force every turn! That 10 force is just from the big drains at Kessel/ Corsucant, not to mention the drains of 3-4 at your other systems. You will usually be able to out drain him and win the space battles.  

Why EPP Leia, EPP Han and Chewie?

They are just in there to defend Yavin 4 from attack as your opponent can deploy to the docking bay and if he plays a Rebel Base Occupation deck he can deploy those Generic sites to the Yavin 4 system 9. (The generic sites are the ones from the Special Edition starter decks)

The rest of the deck should be self explanatory.

This deck is currently 12-0   

I have also considered taking out Tantive 4 or Home One for Lando in Falcon.  
