---
author: Quirin "el-diablo" Fuergut
title: 'My Profit Version 2.0'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-14
description: 'Well this is an updated Deck, including the suggestions from the reviews.And NO I dont fear Carbonite Chamber Testing, cause there are at least 4 or 5 better Dark Decks out there, so I dont think anyone in my area will play it.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective(1):
You Can Either Profit By This/Or Be Destroyed

Starting(7):
Tat.: Jabbas Palace
JP.: Audience Chamber
Frozen Han
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Do Or Do Not/Wise Advice
Staging Areas
Insurrection

Characters(17):
Master Luke x2
Jedi Luke
Ben Kenobi x3
Lando w/axe x2
Leia w/gun x2
Han /w gun x2
Corran Horn
Orrimaarko
KalFalnl Cndros
Chewie, Protector
Tawws Khaa

Ships(5):
Home One
Spiral
Tantive IV
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Red Leader in Red 1

Green(5):
Landing Claw x2
Obis Saber x2
Lukes Saber

Interrupts(15):
Someone Who Loves You
Narrow Escape x2
I Know
Clash of Sabers x2
Sorry About The Mess
Imperial Barrier x2
Fallen Portal x2
Out o. C./Transmission Terminated x2
A Few Maneuvers
Glancing Blow
Courage Of A Skywalker

Effects(5):
Lightsaber Profiency
Order To Engage
Traffic Control
Beggar
Advantage

Location(5):
Mos Eisley
Cantina
Tat.: DB
Home1.: DB
Rendez Vous Point


Strategy: 

!!!!Attention!!!!:The Imperial Barriers are meant to be Rebel Barriers.Also I think I have written down 16 but 15 Interruptr, so take one clash out.Also take out one Obi and his Saber and add Go Nee Tay cause i have one more interrupt 16 instead of 15.thanx

Well I made a couple of changes from the last Version.I added 2 OOC/TT and Glancing Blow against HD,Someone Who Loves you to free Han faster,2 Master Lukes (for free at Jabbas Palace), Landing Claw for Space and a few other stuff.
The strategy is the same: Free Han and give opponent a huge direct damage with Drains and Objective.If he gets some scrub to Audience Chamber get Leia there and play Someone Who Loves You to free Han.After that clear sites through battles and make him lose force.
Use Advantage instead of Legendary Starfighter to make him force each turn.
--------------------------------------------------
Now for the Card Choices:

Advantage - as mentioned before I use this card instead of Legendary Starfighter.Mainly a direct damage source.

Fallen Portal - kill his guys at Docking Bays always useful at Jabbas Palace.Wonderful against MKOS and other nasty Alien Decks.

Narrow Escape - avoids beatdown and is good with Order to Engage as it is Rebel Barrier.

Glancing Blow + Courage of a Skywalker - against Dueling stuff and mainly against Decks like HD and BHBM.

Clash of Sabers - This card is just so good.You can exclude a guy from battle (once again good with Order to Engage), cancel Presence of The Force or search for Uncontrolable Fury (If you play one.Why 2 you think??? Well it is just my personal choice you might change to your meta like for Aim High.

OOC/TT - Trackable 5, against Visage, and versus Retrival.Thats all I think.

Ben Kenobi - well I prefer him over EPP Obi cause he saves my other EPPs together with Kal@#$%.Also with his Saber good in Duels.Since it is Tatooine
Mains hes just better.

Most other stuff is to avoid battles or win them.
--------------------------------------------------

Matchups:

HD - Tough one.Therefore I have a lot of stuff to win battles and cancel Visage.Get to DB or JPs to kill Tarkin with Portal so he cant cancel your destiny Draws.A good new card against Hunt Down is also Obis Journal, but I dont think it is necessary.

BHBM - Give him Jedi Luke and try to win Battles with Portal cause he mainly plays with DBs.If he plays TCINC then hold your anti Duel stuff to win it.Play Glancing Blow so you have won.Once you got that you have one.I dont expect that much BHBM Decks after the release ot Scout-Luke.I think it is easier than Hunt Down.

MKOS - This should be toughest Matchup together with Court.Once again use SOWLY to free Han and hide at DBs always holding Fallen Portal in hand.
Narrow Escape,Rebel Barrier and Sorry about the Mess will also help.

Court - same as MKOS.

Ralltir - I think pretty dead now.Just make your game and you should win.

Carbonite Chamber Testing - So you think I should stop playing Profit because of this???Actually the 4 Decks mentioned before are much stronger (including Court) so I dont think anyone in my are would play this @#$% right now.

Ties - Use Landing Claws to get on Dreadnaughts.Use Direct Damage to hurt him.If he comes with EPP Vader try to get Advantage on one of your guys.If you are afraid of Ties add I Hope Shes all Right (LS S&D).But I think this should not be too hard to win.

Big Blue - same as ties but i think he will play Godherdt so outdrain him.Keep control of Endor if he plays Endor Ops.

ISB - Easy win.If he plays with DBs just Fallen Portal him to death.I dont know if this is still played right now.Only be aware of stuff like Twiggs Revenge.I didnt played against one so I have no advice for you.
--------------------------------------------------

Hmm I think 9 matchups are enough just have fun with Deck and give me some feedback.I wont make a third version but will need some advice to play it.Thanx to all for reviewing.   