---
layout: post
author: ! Chris "vader69" Seymour
title: ! 'Who wants to kiss the wookie-aka speed deal'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-09-29
description: ! 'a version of speed deal that drains away and has direct damage.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7)
This deal is getting worse/yes it is
Cloud City wesy gallery
secret plans
prepared defenses
imperial arrest order
i`m sorry
ychf/mobilization points

Characters (12)
Darth Vader Dark Lord of the sith x2
Guri
IG-88 With riot gun
snoova
Sergeant elsek
Sergeant wallen
Trooper jerrol blendin
Trooper davin felth
Corporal avarik
Corporal oberk
Sergeant irol

Locations (5)
Bespin
Bespin cloud city
Cloud city carbonite chamber
cloud city lower corridor
cloud city east platform-docking bay

Starships(7)
bossk in hounds tooth
zuckuss in mist hunter
dengar in punishing one
fett in slave 1
obsidian 7
obsidian 8
executor


effects (6)
dark deal x2
cloud city occupation
no escape
seach and destroy
drop

interrupts (23)
trooper assault x3
stunning leader x3
i`d just as soon kiss a wookie x4
tactical support x3
sense/uncertain is the future x3
control/set for stun x2
imperial supply x2
limited resources
twi` lek advisor x2

weapons (1)
vibro ax '

Strategy: '

PLEASE READ BEFORE REVIEWING

first of all- many props to john hawkins for the original creator  of speed deal.
You usually set up second turn. quite a bit of force generation.
set up the troopers and drain.

on the ground it`s power +4 for dark deal+ power plus how many starships you`ve got at bespin cloud city and trooper assault +2.

why not the imperial arrest order combo?
because sometimes it does make a difference the forfeit plus 2 and with search and detsroy some troopers are forfeit 6.

stunning leader is very good card because if they come down with all their mains it`s better to exclude them, cause they might have chewie or someone else left and that means one thing-BATTLE DAMAGE.

occupation combined search and detsroy is excellent. some direct damge. you`ve got twi`leks for no escape and drop. control set for stun for less ability characters or the high force drain.
tactical support to speed things up.

most obvious card i`d just as soon kiss a wookie to delay things as much as possible. limited resources just for end game if it`s too close.
snoova and his vibro ax-stunning leader doesn`t count and he can capture someone.

agains stuff like wys or there is good in him or echo base, you start as quickly as possible. if you fear a beatdown get interrupts into hand and try to kick them off. against ebo drain as fast as possible before they drain you.control the vergeance if theyhave one.

against hb flip start as soon as possible got 4 sites plus bespin and cloud city to drain at.
direct damage-search and destroy and occupation will be too much.

against pod profit secret plans slows them completely. obviously they don`t won`t you to drain so they come after you. use interrupts to delay and exclude. occupation is excellent and battle and drain. '