---
author: Pyry "Blizzard" Nystrom
title: Tyrant in Cloud City
side: Dark
date: 2001-02-17
description: Heavily packed TDIGWATT/PIDAIAF. Has means to deal almost anything.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting(7)
The deal is getting worse all the time/Pray i dont alter it any further
CC:Upper walkway
Secret plans
Preb.defences
Mob.points
Imp.Arr.Order
Battle order

Locations(7)
Bespin
Bespin:Cloud city
CC:Docking bay
CC:Downtown plaza
CC:Portdown district
CC:Casino
DSII:Docking bay

Characters(20)
2xVader with saber
Darth Vader of Sith
Grand moff Tarkin
Prince Xizor
Guri
Grand admiral Thrawn
Boba Fett with gun
2xMara Jade TEH
Dr Evazan & Ponda Baba
Lando Calrissian
2xThe Emperor
Captain Bewil
IG-88 with gun
Mighty Jabba
4-LOM with gun
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus

Starships(9)
Executor
Chimaera
Bossk in HD
Zuckuss in MH
Dengar in PO
OS-72-1 in Obsidian1
OS-72-2 in Obsidian2
Virago
Stinger

Vehicles(5)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1
2xCombat Cloudcar
Tempest Scout 6

Effects(5)
Resistance
Therell be hell to pay
Dark deal
Cloud City occupation
Crush the rebelion

Interrupts(5)
Evader & Monnock
Ghhhk & Those rebels wont escape us
You are beaten
Shocking revelation
Shut him up or shut him down


Weapons/Devices(1)
Maras saber

Admirals orders(1)
Battle deployment 

Strategy: 

Here is the basic idea whitch is very simple indeed. Use your big pile of mains and ships
to rule over Bespin and Cloud City. All the sites are exterior so your combat vehicles are
usefull. You get two sites from reserve(starting+docking bay) so youll have to draw for
only one to get Dark deal in to action.
Activation is no problem with locations from reserve and mobilization points.

You should be able to crush all the resistance with the awesome potential of your warmachine.
Battle deployment really will make Cloud City yours, because of their destiny limit and vehicles form reserve. Remember to put Lando in to vehicle or ship! Character base is powerfull and gets multiple battle destinies easily.

Keeping space is vital for ultimate victory(You CAN and will win without it). But you really should be able to take it agains most decks. Take "the eight kilometer long menace"with mobilization points.
If Falcon is your nightmare, play GURI to space(Executor will really do the job).
If X-wings are coming, keep your boats in Bespin. Together they can combo and should be able
to hold against their swarm. If guns are possible, keep your guys in capitals. 
Battle deployment with Thrawn is iron here(-2 to power of each X-wing!).

Draining and direct damage potential is almost unmacthed! So you dont have to go to opponents
locations(Heavily damaging strikes are good of course).
You have probably noticed that there is no anti-SAC. No problem, there is only three(non-vital)
interrupts not immune to sense. All of the effects are immune to alter.

Here come the matchups:

MWYHL: JT1 will hurt! Use CC-occupation to deal damage.Drain heavily and battle. 

EBO: Fight in space, rule the ground and drain. Walkers can storm Hoth if necessary. Resistance will help.

WYS: Take space, use Guri there if necessary. Grap their key interrupt. Conguer ground, stay in your city.
drain them to pieces!	

RTP: Rule space, fight in ground. Try cancel bacta tank and kill the princess(many times).
"Shut him up or shut him down" will be their death.

QMC: Take Bespin=win, so A LOT OF FORCE THERE!

Mains: Battle and drain. Oola is no problem with "Shocking revelation"
watch out for heavy beatdown attempts after you spread to play Dark deal.

Agents in court: Aliens and droids can strike them. Walkers can attack to sandstormed sites. Drain race them to grave!

HP: Havent played ever so ??? Your fleet is enough to create a threat or crush them.

Thaks for revievs! Tell me what went wrong(if any) 