---
layout: post
author: ! Third "Third Angel" Angel
title: ! "Trooper Gangsters  No R3"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-10-22
description: ! "To deal with Reflections Three cards, the following must be dealt with.New powerful Mains (upkeep)Defensive Shields (most normal effects, in defensive shield format)New helper Effects (bringing some older decktypes back, Like endor)New Jedi Object"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
Court Of The Vile Gangster
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine Great Pit of  Carkoon
Jabba’s Palace Dungeon
Prepared Defences
Mobilization Points
Secret Plans
There is No Try & Opressive Enforcement

Draw Deck (52)

Locations (3)
Blockade Flagship Bridge
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Tatooine Mos Espa Docking Bay

Characters (17)
Darth Maul x2
Emporer Palpatine
Lord Vader
Grand Moff Tarkin
Sebulba
Salacious Crumb
Corporal Avarik
Corporal Delosyn
Sergeant Barich
Sergeant Elsek x3
Sergeant Irol
Sergeant Wallen
2X-7KPR x2

Starships (3)
Maul’s Sith Infiltrator
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Boba Fett In Slave One

Weapons (2)
Maul’s Lightsaber
Vader’s Lightsaber

Effects (6)
Ni Chuba Na??
No Escape
Imperial Justice
Sunsdown & Too Cold For Speeders
First Strike
Ability, Abilty, Ability

Interrupts (21)
The Empires Back x2
Maul Strikes x2
Tactical Support x2
Trooper Assault x2
Trooper Charge x2
Stunning Leader x2
Ghhhk & Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us x2
Unexpected Interruption x2
We Must Accellerate Our Plans x2
Lone Pilot
Elis Helrot x2 '

Strategy: '

With Most people playing the Senate for DS these Days, I decided it would be a good idea to avoid senate, and play something people won’t be as planned for.

I decided if they race, I’ll take the damage, and with all the low cost characters it doesn’t really matter cause I can just take whatever damage and then deal a ton of battle damage.

Since most people have decided not to play houjix or Ghhhk anymore, dropping down a huge force and dealing a ton of battle damage is the way to go.

And I’ve always loved Troopers, for their easy deploy and huge ability to raise their power...

So I deploy the Docking bays, and get Vader and Tarkin to a site to drain with the saber (have ’the empires back’ to pull them to hand)

I save up the troopers in my hand, pulling them with ’tactical support’ whenever... 
And I draw up to get what I need (or use the unexpected interruption for the last card)

Drop the beatdown squad and Attack
Corporal Avarik (deploy for 2, Power 2)
Corporal Delosyn (deploy for 2, Power 1, Power +1 at interior site, + 1 destiny with Irol)
Sergeant Barich (deploy for 2, Power 2, when in battle with another biker draw destiny subtract from opponents Attrition and total power)
Sergeant Elsek (deploy for 1, Power 1, when in battle with avarik adds two to total battle destiny, [here is the kicker] when forfeited at same site as your other biker scout, also satisfies all remaining attrition and battle damage against you)
Sergeant Irol (deploy for 2, Power 2)
Sergeant Wallen (deploy for free when I initiate battle, Power 2)

So I’ve got a deploy of 9 and 1 to initate battle. (not too much force, shouldn’t be hard to get by turn 3-4)
Gives me a Power of 10 + 1 (at interior site) + 2 (trooper charge with Elsek, cause he get’s forfeted anyways) +12 (trooper Assault), 2 destiny (+2 to total destiny), and subtract one destiny from their Power and attrition. (total power of 25)

now you may not think this much, but if it was at certain sites, I’ve got a nice hit on them...
add in a few cards I use
Stunning Leader (no leaders or characters of ability >2)
Sunsdown + 2X-7KPR (plus 12 more power for a total of 37 power)
First Strike (innitate battle for free, They lose a force I retrieve one)

Elis Helrot (move characters on the table to join the battle if they were already deployed)
Elis is not essential, just an added bonus, as the case may be.

After The hit, I then just play reactive, initiating battles using Elis (unless they play Insurrection)

Using No Escape To Pull a Needed Card into hand from top of RD.
and Court can pull two of the three ships to help against space. (plus lone pilot to help there as well)

Very Simple Deck to play, and no worry against R3 because of the following

Upkeep mains will be a pain, as they will be to everyone with their high detiny and power and just a small mantenance cost. But Imperial  Justice Should keep their Force Activation in Check.. And they have to save a few force at the end, so they won’t have as much to use anyways. (should slow down their game play some)

Defensive shields will have their effect, so I don’t race, or deal with any of the aspects they hamper (like the trippler) Plus Already I’d have to be ready to go against the Effects that would be played (like aim high) and their defensive shields are just a slight variation of the other card. (this will mean the opponent will have more cards to use rather then having to use a slot for Aim high, or battle plan and cards of that nature, so I’d just have to use my cards more efficiently)

New Helper Effect. Because of these I’d have to watch out for new strategys... some thing I might not be prepared for. As long as they don’t have a houjix or  we’re leaving in their hand or in play. I’ll be able to get the damage on them.

New Jedi Objectives. the whole reason I’ve got Maul and Vader and Empy in. Plus with a one time hit on a Lone Qui or Lone Obi... with my men and he won’t be around to fight back. Also Why I put in Stunning Leader. So as to take out all the upper ability characters and just end up fighting the scrubs they might have included in their deck. (plus ability abilty abilty will hurt if they play mutiple copies of only a few mains)


This is perfectly viable against any R3 deck... Though some will be harder then others.

any comments would be apprectiated.

thanks for the help all.

(review me and I’ll try to review your no R3 deck as well, thanks =) )

third '