---
author: Dan "Static-X" Grover
title: 'Bled For Days (WYS Madness)'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-21
description: 'A deck using the new objective that does good damage and retrieves. Named for a great song by Static-X.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

OBJECTIVE (1)
Watch Your Step/etc.

LOCATIONS (5)
Tatooine {S}
Tatooine: Dorking Bay {S}
Tatooine: Cantina {S}
Jabba’s Palace: Entrance Cavern
Kessel

PEOPLE (20)
2x Jedi Luke
2x Captain Han
2x Dash "Badass" Rendar
Chewbacca, Protector
Lando with Gun
Mirax Terrik
Talon Karrde
Wedge Antilles
Melas
8x Ralltiir Freighter Captain

SHIPS (7)
2x Millenium Falcon
Outrider
Red Squadron 1
Pulsar Skate
2x YT-1300 Transport

ORDERS (2)
2x I’ll Take The Leader

EFFECTS (11)
Staging Areas {S}
Squassin {S}
Menace Fades {S vs. Dark Deal, etc.}
Aim High {S vs. Scum}
Your Insight Serves You Well {S vs. Numbers}
2x Tatooine Celebration
Order To Engage
Bacta Tank
Battle Plan
Grabber

INTERRUPTS (14)
HFTMF {S}
2x The Signal
2x Fallen Portal
3x Control/Tunnel Vision
2x Out Of Commission/Transmission Terminated
Houjix/Out Of Nowhere
Shocking Info/Grimtaash
Choke
Rebel Barrier 

Strategy: 

"Into the hate, I channel all the negative, I bled for days now I take the hold..."
Static-X, ’Bled For Days’

I’m sure you’ve all seen the different variations on WYS. Well, here’s my take on it. Not exactly original, but then again, few decks are these days. I ask, though, don’t rate it on originality, rate it on quality. And if you feel you must rate it poorly (you fool!), please say why. I need constructive criticism here. Anyhoo, here we go.

We have here a basic example of WYS, somewhat tweaked. This deck is quick to flip, usually second or third turn. It uses Menace Fades and Battle Order to slow down your opponent, Aim High to slow down retrieval, and multiple destinies to beat your opponent down. Captain Han and a RFC on the Falcon draws 3 destinies, and two smugglers anywhere draw 2. This is, obviously, pretty huge. It also uses Celebration for constant retrieval. Not exactly big at first, but 2 or 3 force per turn can add up. The ability to play interrupts from the lost pile is huge too.

MATCHUPS-
vs. BHBM- I don’t see these much any more. Deploy Luke once Vader is deployed elsewhere, then beat down Vader once he comes for him. Don’t lose battles! Retrieve, and try to outlast.

vs. Hunt Down- Don’t deploy Luke! He’ll probably get dueled. Just flip, drain, and retrieve. Cancel Visage with TT.

vs. Scum- This’ll be tough. Make sure you fortify your sites and systems. Retrieve, pick your battles carefully, and make good use of Fallen Portal!

vs. TIES- Another tough one. Grimtaash him when you can, and fortify Tatooine. Also make good use of I’ll Take The Leader. Use Aim High to make them pay to retrieve.

vs. Anything else- Stick to your guns. Make your opponent come to you if possible.

Well, there you have it. This deck is tough to take down, if played right. Let me know what you think. 