---
layout: post
author: Douglas "Douglas" Harvilla
title: 'Roadhouse Blues'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-18
description: ! '  Now and then this place gets a little rowdy.  Good news is, youre more than prepared for a fight.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Watch Your Step/This Place Can Be A Little Rough

Locations(7)
Tatooine
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Corellia
Kessel
Kashyyyk
Ralltir

Characters(15)
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x3
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol x2
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Wedge Antilles
Dash Rendar
Talon Karrde
Mirax Terrik
Leebo
Melas
’Bantha’ Droid
Theron Nett

Starships/Vehicles(8)
Millennium Falcon
Outrider
Pulsar Skate
Artoo In Red 5
Red 6
Red 10
Rogue 1
Rogue 3

Weapons(10)
X-Wing Laser Cannon

Effects(11)
Squadron Assignments
Menace Fades
Draw Their Fire
Kessel Run x4
Rycar Ryjerd
Smuggler’s Blues
Beggar
Echo Base Garrison

Interrupts(12)
Heading For The Medical Frigate
The Signal
Control & Tunnel Vision x2
Out Of Commission & Transmission T x2
Insertion Planning x2
The Force Is Strong With This One
Rug Hug
Run Luke Run
Cantina Brawl

'

Strategy: '

  The bloody Ralltir Freighter Captains are missing from the decklist.  There are five of them.  Oh well, a revised version will go up based on review comments, anyway.

  Most of the cards in here should be familiar now that Decktech has been choked up with Watch Your Step decks.  So I’ll stick to the ones which might have readers scratching their heads.

  Rogue 1 and 3 are unpiloted, so they deploy at normal cost, and are great places to stuff characters with low defense value in battle.  Get extra flips from inside, safe from lightsabers and most other weapons.  Echo Base Garrison gives them immunity to attrition <4, <6 when Luke or Wedge is piloting his own speeder.  It also gets your maintenance droids, the ’Bantha’ Droid, a Lateral Damage canceler, and Leebo.

  Cantina Brawl is a fun and powerful card to use against any mains who take over the Cantina.	Each player draws a destiny, if either matches the ability of any characters in the Cantina, they’re lost.  You don’t need to track it to make it useful, especially if you play it twice back to back, once from hand and once from the Lost Pile.  But it helps if you think your opponent has a 6 set up, or if you’ve tracked a 6.  Play the Brawl, start a fight in the Cantina, and take out Vader.  Then beat Tarkin senseless.

  Rycar Ryjerd trains a character as a smuggler or adds 1 to the power of a smuggler.  This is used as a set up for Smuggler’s Blues, which allows a smuggler trained by Rycar to retrieve force from Kessel Run straight to your hand.  That’s like the Drazin/Special Delivery trick, you’re reloading on characters, ships, and other cards, including Kessel Runs if they haven’t been placed out of play.

  Beggar locks down an opponent’s force for a Draw Their Fire beatdown, uses up a saved force to stop an Imperial Barrier, or takes enough force from your opponent to pay for your retrieval when Secret Plans is out and you’re low on life force.  Rug Hug is a great card, a Luke/Chewie battle destiny adder which can also add 4 wherever you have a Rebel and alien in battle together.  Very flexible.

  Insertion Planning is a good 6 destiny Used Interrupt to take 3 off the opponent’s destiny where you have a scout on the ground.  Between Jedi Luke and all the Ralltir Freighter Captains, you’ll have a scout to use it with.

  There you have it, barroom brawls, beatdowns, and mass retrieval.  Enough said.

'