---
layout: post
author: Jonathan "Carny" brown
title: 'This Deck Dont Lose. TIES.'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-11-25
description: ! 'this is simply an undefeated, cheasy as heck TIE Interceptor deck.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting

Fear Is My Ally
( defensive shields )
Wakeelmui
Prepared Defenses
Opressive Enforcement(non combo)
Crossfire
YCHF/ Mobby Points

Locations

Kuat
Sullust
Kashyyyk
Endor

Starships

TIE Interceptor x 12
Dreadnaught x 4
Flagship Executor x 2
The Emperor’s Sword
The Emperor’s Shield

Characters

U-3PO
Keder the Black

Effects

Sienar Fleet Systems
Dreaded Imperial Starsfleet
Lateral Damage
Mind Tricks Won’t Work on Me x 2

Interrupts

Projective Telepathy x 3
We Must Accelrate Our Plans x 3
All Power to Weapons x 4
I can’t Shake Him x 3
Neimoidian Advisor x 2
Short Range Fighters x 2

Weapons

SFS L-s 9.3 Laser Cannon x 3

Admiral’s Orders
Fighter Cover x 2

thats it '

Strategy: '

alright fellows, this is a TIE deck that I have been tooling around with that I have never lost with. I have played it against all deck styles in this area including LS Combat, MWYHL, Pile, EBO, Throne Room, WYS, TIGIH and all kinds of others. 

Card choices

All Power - duh. I use it lost more than I do used though, the used side is just icing

Crossfire- this card is rediculous. all you need is 1 Interceptor w/ a cannon to have a possible 14 power. thats insane.

Mind Tricks - I like this over Ghhk cause it can’t be stopped. against non intereactive or non space decks, you can leave a TIE alone at each system without fear of a beatdown.

Flagship Executor - with Opressive Enforcement, its a 5 destiny huge ship. its really a surprise to opponents when you drop this down. non really intergral, though. 

Projective Telepathy - this is a given in all my decks.

No Blockade Bridge? - I find that a desperate opponent will send a Jedi in there just to drain me for more. I don’t need the Activation that badly, so I figure what the hey. I still use the rare Twi’lek, cause they can be recycled easily.

Neimoidian Advisor - gets my systems. simple as that

System selection - they are all travelable by my Dreadnaughts and one of the squadrons is cheaper at one. 

The best thing about this deck is that it is very customizable. the core cards are as follows

12 TIEs
2 Squadrons 
at least 3 Dreadnaughts
the starting stuff and Kuat
The Effects and Interrupts
the Admirals Orders

this deck could be changed into a mains TIE deck with some Imperial Commands and Thrawn, Chiraneau, etc. Could work with bombers as well. Could add in 3 grabbers.

Here is how a standard game usually plays out

first turn, before activation, pull kuat. activate, play kuat and any systems. Twi lek for Sienar Fleet, them Dreaded, them Mind Tricks. 

If they are playing space, wait for them to deploy, then beat the piss out of them. if they are ground based, then deploys Ties only when nessessary(sp?). leave one per system, and hold all the ones in hand for late game retrieval. 

Cancel any drains you can, by don’t sweat it. with this deck, they hafta come to you, and when they do, they will be sorry. the only objective that can be interesting is Duel of the Fates, since you usually can’t cancel their drains. you can drain for just as much, and you have WAY more retrival possibilities. 

some deck matchups that are worth mentioning

WYS shoot their ships. projective telepathy is GOLD. 

WHT/DOTF as I said above, your retrival outweighs their uncancelable drains. 

HB this is fun. if it;s mains, use their systems to your advantage, if it’s swarm, then have fun and be SMART. Against a good HB player, this can be rough, and if you have one, Security Precautions is great.

Throne Room they usually have little space, and their Revo drains will do nothing with the CHYBC defensive shield out.

EBO ha. all they can do is run. just don’t overdeploy only to be hyper escaped.

pile same as Throne Room.

thats about all I have to say. if you have any questions, D-mail me or e-mail me at handsofcarny@yahoo.com

Jonathan. '