---
layout: post
author: ! Dennis "PCGSAlucard" Jeffris
title: ! "CCT with a little TDIGWATT (what??)"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-16
description: ! 'Here’s a CCT deck which flips, smacks down with Dark Deal, and kills all.  Please read strategy before reviewing.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (9)

Carbon Chamber Testing/My Favorite Decoration
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City Security Tower
Carbonite Chamber Console
Jabba’s Prize
Prepared Defenses
Crush the Rebellion
Mobilization Points
There Is No Try/Oppressive Enforcement

Locations (4)

Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Cloud City East Platform
Bespin Cloud City

Characters (25)

Cloud City Trooper x8
Arica
U-3PO
Bane Malar
Lando Calrissian
Lobot
Darth Vader with Lightsaber
Xizor
M’iiyoom Onith
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba
Guri
Mosep
Snoova
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle
Jodo Kast
Dengar with Blaster Carbine
IG-88 with Riot Gun
Boelo

Starships (5)

Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Boba Fett in Slave One
Dengar in Punishing One
Stinger

Effects (7)

Search and Destroy
Blast Door Controls
Dark Deal
Secret Plans
Scum and Villany x2
Well Guarded

Weapons (2)

Vibro-Ax
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

Interrupts (8)

Trooper Assault x3
Twi’lek Advisor x2
Ommni Box & It’s Worse
Imperial Barrier
Abyssin Ornament '

Strategy: '

Well, this deck doesn’t have 2 objectives, but it uses the biggest part of TDIGWATT, Dark Deal.  I’ll take this strategy by turn, because I think it will be explained better

Turn 1  Deploy Cloud City East Platform from reserve deck.  If you don’t see Dark Deal or Bespin Cloud City in the reserve deck, then draw up your force pile.  If you do see them, then save the force, or deploy a few characters to the East Platform to get more activation next turn.  End turn.

Turn 2  Drain if you can.  Deploy Audience Chamber (if you don’t think you can support characters at the Docking Bay 94), or Docking Bay 94 if you can support it for more activation.  Again, if you don’t see Bespin Cloud City or Dark Deal, then draw them up.  If not, then turn, deploy Lando from the reserve deck, along with a CC Trooper or 2, or a stronger character.  Move frozen Han to the docking bay.

Turn 3  Remember to force drain.  Deploy the other Tatooine site.  Keep Han moving with more backup characters so he does not get rescued.

Turn 4  Use a card to look through your deck and see if Dark Deal or Bespin is in there.  If they aren’t, only move the ice cube into the Audience Chamber.  If they’re there, then deploy away and move him.

Turn 5  Now you can have some fun.  Now that the objective is flipped, you can deploy Dark Deal  Deploy Cloud City, 1 starship there, and Dark Deal.  Land the starfighter if you fear beatdowns.  Back up the sites with characters.  Smile at your opponent.  Get Scum and Villany out.

Turn 6  Drain up  You can even drain 2 at Security Tower.  Retrieve your force.  Battle him at weak spots.  Retrieve more.  Remember your aliens are immune to attrition <4.



There you have it.  All 3 sites are out quickly, control them, and Cloud City, and you’re set.  Use Vader w/ Saber for a quick beatdown where he has 2 characters (whack one, lose the other to attrition).  If the opponent has Menace Fades out, then make sure he can’t control a system.  This is why I have a Boba Fett in space instead of ground.  If s/he’s holding 1 planet, then deploy all ships you have to there.  Make sure they don’t control it  Other than this card (and Great Warrior), you shouldn’t have much of a problem.  You have plenty of beatdown power.  Use trooper assault as much as possible (I LOVE THAT CARD), and destroy the Super Falcon with Dengar in Punishing One and Guri in the Stinger.  It’s really good.  Anyways, play this deck and have fun.  By the way, don’t worry if they rescue Han.  The objective isn’t very necessary after it’s flipped.  Dark Deal does the rest.  '