---
author: Travis "Com Igar" Rumans
title: Rumors Reborn
side: Dark
date: 2001-03-01
description: With all the Scum, HD, and BHBM flying around, who expects a DS big space drain strat?
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting Stuff (8)
Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost
Endor Bunker
Endor DB
Endor System
Prepared Defense
You Cannot Hide Forever
Power of the Hutt 
3rd Varies

Effects (5, not counting one I’ll start)
Ominous Rumors (duh)
Perimeter Patrol
Ship Bacta Tank
Imperial Decree
Battle Order
Something Special Planned for them

Locations (4)
Endor: Forest Clearing
Kessel
Sullust
Kashyyyk

Device
Homing Beacon

Characters (12)
Emporer Palpatine
Commander Merrejk
Prince Xizor
Vader w/stickx2
Admiral Piett
Admiral Chireaneau
Grand Admiral thrawn
Guri
U-3P0
Arica
Ephant Mon, Dark Lord of the Bunker

Ships (11)
Iggy in Iggy’s Ship
Chimaera
Dengar in Dengar’s Ship
Vengeance
Virago
Avenger
Boba in Boba’s Ship
Devestator
Zuckuss in Z’s Ship
Stinger
Bossk in the School Bus of Doom

Vehicles (5)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 3

Interrupts (6)
Twi’lekx2
Imperial Commandx2
The Circle is Now Complete
Endor Occupation

Admiral’s Orders (8)
Black Sun Fleetx3
Battle Deploymentx2
We’re In Attack Positionx2
Fighters Coming In 

Strategy: 

Endor Ops grabs Rumors, Imperial Command grabs Piett who grabs Merrejk who grabs systems, Power of the Hutt grabs Ephant Mon, and YCHF grabs Perimeter patrol. No deck should get drains this big this fast. Getting Admiral Chiraneau out makes the the drains even bigger. You can stop the Menace Fades by denying control of BG systems. Use spies to block their drains on the ground, and then when they spread out, use your moderate ground force to make them pay. Cycle the (un-grabbable) Admiral’s orders for tracking.
	A few card choices explained:
	Perimeter Patrol-Some Turbo rumors decks don’t use it, but I like it because I can commit minimal forces to Endor sites to drain without beatdown fears.
	Endor: Forest Clearing-Good for activation, an extra drain of 2 against a deck that’s not going to attack Endor, and gets some mileage out of the patrol. it also lets you add another +2 with Rumors at another system, should the need arise. it gives them the chance to cancel Rumors, I know, but if you think there’s a chance of them doing that, DON’T DEPLOY IT.
	Multiple AOs: Endor Ops generally has bad destiny, this is part of my attempt to combat that. Black Sun fleet lets your indie starships move during control phase, which can be huge to grab that extra drain or get into position. You don’t have Scum, Rumors/Scum has never been done, you don’t need to worry about the down side. Attack Position Now pumps the other half of your fleet, the SDs. Battle Deployment is anti-WYS, and because many of the BH ships are fighters you can often ignore the power penalty AND you can get your combat vehicles from reserve. Fighters Coming In is for those swarm games; most times it’ll probably hurt you, but there are times when it’ll hurt your opponent more. (I lose 4 power at a system, EBX man loses 8)
	Xizor, Guri, and there ships: I know I won’t have an easy time getting them together, but the ships are forfeit fodder without matching pilots and Guri and Xizor are tough on the ground. Of course, they rock in their ships if I’m lucky enough to get that going (robo-biznatch in her ship deploys for 2 (!), adds a destiny, limits them to 1 destiny, and is power 5..all you need is someone to let you initiate battle, like Iggy =)).
	EPP Vaders: Suicide strikes. Circle can help you out because no one expects to duel a Rumors deck.
	Combat Vehicles: Because they come from reserve with Battle Deployment and protect against Ice Storm and Sandwhirl. Useful even against other space as forfeit fodder. Also in here because with Corran Horn running around space decks can no longer rely on just spies to hold ground. Besides, if they get @#$%y and spread to thin you can make them pay.
	Return To Base: Expensive with a Star Destroyer, yes, but cheap with many good BH ships (Dengar, Iggy, Zuckuss). 
	Homing Beacon: I prefer this to Godheart because its better destiny and lets my ships react around.
	Emporer Palpatine: A powerful character who is Destiny 6. 
	Matchups
WYS
	Start Something Special Planned For Them. I prefer it to Secret Plans because its side effect is useful in this deck and because most WYS decks use Harvest/On The Edge, and SSPFT hurts them a lot more than Secret Plans. 
	There’s so many ways in this deck to shut down multiple destiny: Imperial command, Battle Deployment, and Guri. If that still isn’t enough for you, yo can swap a few cards around and flip the Objective. Endor Occupation cancels Celebration. 
	WYS is much less fearsome when their retrieval cards are being placed out of play and they’re only getting one destiny. Your activation at the bunker is already 1. Replace thier Kessel to give them bad game text. Most WYS decks play with I’ll Take the Leader, but with 8 AOs in this deck it won’t stay on the table.
	Most of their guys ignore Perimeter Patrol, so hanging around at Endor sites can be dangerous. 

Mains and Toys
	Start whatever, it doesn’t really matter, but probably SSPFT because they’ll use On the Edge Most Likely.
	They can use Revo or Choke to get to the Bunker, but its not the end of the world. If you can occupy at least 1-2 Endor locations, you can simply outdrain them. The Falcon might show up, but you can contain it. They can stop you from controlling one system with their mainish horde, but each system you DO control can rack up the hurt. 

vs. EBO
	Start Decree.
	Invading Hoth can be pretty easy with your walkers (no Icestorm) so you may have a chance to cancel EBO. If you manage to do that, you pretty much auto-win (beware of Ketwol; if Deadbolt is big, consider replacing Endor Occupation and an AO with omni boxes); getting Decree set up is much easier in this match, and helps a lot. Blow them out of the outermost marker to keep your Menace from Fading. Expect some big space battles; getting out Return To Base is important, because being able to keep Dengar or Zuckuss alive can be huge.

vs. HB
	You don’t have the luxury of knowing if they’re playing Hidden Mains or HB space, so Battle Order is the safest start.
	If HB space is, for some reason, still big in your area put in Sec Precautions and use it to protect your drain systems. If you run into this withotu SP, stay calm and find the Hidden Base quickly (its usually Kessel). 

vs. Jedi training
	Since they almost always start Battle Plan, and most Jedi Training decks don’t rely too much on drain bonuses, SSPFT is probably the best start (test 6 decks almost always used the perma-stacked high destiny for On the Edge, and test 2 decks will probably use it to).
	Test 1 hurts, a lot, I won’t lie. Again, there’s some cards you can easily swap out for some anti-training stuff if you want, but the easiest thing to do is go from Endor to Dagobah and kill the apprentice. Sullust and Endor are still drains of 2 with test 1 done. A lot of these decks are Falcon decks, so when you spread remember to keep Guri or an Admiral at each system.

vs. Profit
	Profit’s space is notoriously weak, so you can outdrain them pretty handily. Spies can slow their drains out. Suicide Vaders can kill Han and slow him down, and you can Circle Ben, as well. You can use the combat vehicles to attack if you fear Fallen Portal. If this is big, you might want some more Landing Claw stuff and a Lat Damage to hurt Home One (Ghhk/Those Rebels and lat Damage were the 61st and 62nd cards...but I only have the lat damage as part of my BB Premiere set and I didn’t want to take it out, but often the fear of it will keep primarily ground-based decks from going to space).

vs. Numbers
	If you think you’re against Numbers, keep YCHF around. Hidden Base is the main platform for it nowadays, and you don’t need Parimeter Patrol for that right away anyway (although against Hidden mains, its indipsensible). Usually if they start Insurrection its mains and you can grab the patrol; otherwise keep it around a bit and see how things go.

vs. TIGIH
	They already have a power character on Endor, which is problematic. Your best bet is for Vader to grab him pretty early and have him hide with them at the bunker, or you can just use a spy where he’s draining (although grabbing Luke also hurts their activation) If they’re playing speeders, you can outdain them in space. If they’re playing scouts, fight it similiarly to how you would fight RST: Spy their drains and deny them ground battles that they can win while the Ominous damage amps up. Get Perimeter Patrol to hurt their realy deployment, because unlike RST they don’t get to start the Rebel Landing Site.

vs. RST
	Laugh and point out that your generation at Endor System is not canceled =).
	A tough match, if only because they are on YOUR planet =). They probably won’t try to blow up the bunker. Stall the ground battle while your space drains rack up. Kill Close Air Support by killing the Talas at Endor. Perimeter Patrol restricts their deployment outside the Rebel Landing Site. 

	Thanks for the reviews and nay constructive criticism. 