---
layout: post
author: ! Allen "The Beast" Gaible
title: ! "Elite Fighter Pilots Report In"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-10-16
description: ! 'The rebellion has called in all skilled fighter pilots to stop the empire. And they will.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(4)
Kashyyk
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Squadron Assignments
Insurrection

Locations(9)
Raithal
Yavin 4
Anoat
Naboo
Bespin
Mon Calamari
Tatooine
Sullust
Kessel

Elite Fighter Pilots(12)
General Calrissian
Colonel Salm
Kin Kian
Pops
Lieutenant Lepira
Hol Okand
Hobbie
Keir Santage
Elyhek Rue
Bren Quersey
Lieutenant Naytaan
Theron Nett

Starfighters(11)
Gold Squadron 1
Gray Squadron 1
Gold 5
Gold 4
Gold 6
Red Squadron 4
Red Squadron 7
Red 7
Red 8
Red 9
Red 10

Effects(3)
The Planet Farthest From
Strikeforce
Legendary Starfighter

Interrupts(17)
A Few Maneuvers x4
It’s A Hit x2
Mindful of the Future x3
All Wings Report and Darlighter Spin x4
Control x4

Weapons(3)
X-Wing Laser Cannons x3

Admiral’s Orders(1)
I’ll Take The Leader '

Strategy: '

This deck is a pretty simple space deck. Destory and force drain in the air while trying to minimize the damage done by opponent’s ground forces.

Starting
Get your matching pilots out and flying in their ships with Squadron Assignments as soon as possible. Put at least two at a system so they with draw battle destiny and with probable add some destiny to total power only. Outpower the Imperials if possible. Use Mindful of the Future to pull out all of your systems. Get out Planet Farthest From and I’ll Take Leader as soon as possible.

Mid-game
Control the systems with opponents ground forces on them. This allows you to play Its a Hit to cancel drains and it also gives you the option to land your ships and fight on the ground if an unlikely opportunity arises. Your characters are at least forfeit six so you might take out of there key characters on a suicide mission. But overall stay in the air.

Late-game
Now is the time to play Controls to cancel force drains. Spread out in the air and force drain. One starfighter at each system should do because the opponent’s starships should be gone by now. If necessary send your high forfeit pilots down to block their drains, but again try to force drain them to death in the air.

Random Strategy
Control - Play like you don’t have any until the end of the game and it could work in stopping big drains.
All Wings Report and Spin - Necessary for getting ships out that you want. Also play a few maneuvers and then Darlighter spin for some really high destiny. If you play two with Lando in Falcon you get destiny of ten.
X-Wing Laser Cannons - Good for busting up TIEs. Also destiny 5.
Insurrection - Always make sure you remember your high forfeit.

Versus deck types
Dark Deal - Control Bespin and Cloud City with your boys. If speed deal, then control Bespin and get Planet Farthest From.

ISB - Control Coruscant and whatever system they operate on.

AOTBS - Control lots of systems yet again. Try to give a big beatdown if they go in the air.

As you can see this deck is pretty simple. It is great fun to play with and can survive in most games. Please give me any comments or suggestions you may have. '