---
layout: post
author: ! Chris "Piett" Anger
title: ! "Hunt Down & Podracing Gang"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-22
description: ! "This Deck has strong mains that will help you, some small suprise attack starships and a heavy damage to the opponent by podracing"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi

Characters (16)
Lord Vader 2x
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith 2x
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Emperor Palpitine
Grand Moff Tarkin
Darth Maul 2x
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand 2x
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Aurra Sing
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Dr. Evazan & Bonda Boba
U-3PO

Starships (3)
Thunderflare
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Locations (9)
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Podrace Arena (starting)
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Endor Back Door
Endor Dark Forest
Endor Forest Clearing
Executor Holotheatre (starting)
Executor Meditation Chamber (starting)

Weapons (3)
Vader’s Lightsaber 2x
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

Epic Events (2)
Epic Duel (starting)
Boonta Eve Podrace (staring)

Podracer (1)
Sebulba’s Podracer (starting)

Interrupts (15)
Start Your Engines (starting)
Twi’lek Advisor
Pit Crews
Weapon Levitation
The Circle Is Now Complete 2x
Vader’s Obsession 2x
Focused Attack 2x
It’s Worse
Hit Racer
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
Elis Helrot 2x

Effects (10)
Bad Feeling Have I
Security Percautions
Imperial Decree
Visage Of The Emperor 2x (starting)
Watto’s Box (starting)
Fanfare
Secret Plans
Reactor Terminal
There’ll Be Hell To Pay
'

Strategy: '

DECK EDIT

Dr. En & POnda Boba, There’ll be hell to pay, pit crews, bad feeling have i, fanfare, and hit racer were taken out for Alter 2x, Alter & Collateral Damage 2x, and Sense & Uncertain is the future 2x.



The whole idea behind my deck is to podrace and and do a hunt down deck. For podracing this deck has a lot of good destinies to help you win the race. Also cards like ”hit racer”, ”Pit Crews” and ”Watto’s Box” Greatly improve podracing for you. While you start you podrace on your first turn you are setting up hunt down. Once you get your sites deploy them as quickly as possible. Then get vader out. Your other characters go and control other sites (being carful with total power and what you can down if a battle occurs). Once you win your podrace you just retrieved eleven force while you opponent losses eleven. If a jedi goes down at a site be ready to duel (unless it is Qui Gon). Make sure you have the duel card with focused attack before you duel. how ever many sites the jedi is away dosen’t matter, just use your good, old buddy Elis Helrot.If they have Insurrection just do it in your move phase. If he is at in interrior site don’t worry about it because you objective dosen’t get flipped back to the front side. To Kill Qui Gon Just Elis your characters and make sure that Qui Gon cant get away without a battle that will desimate him.

Here is what to do for these decks

Any space deck wait for the time until they suspect you have no starships and supprise attack them with you three starships and give them a lot of battle damage
Hidden Base deploy security percautions
Watch Your Step (space) suprise battle
EBO Put Imperial Decree down and control the hoth sites to ignore the force drains

Any retreval deck secret plans and There’ll Be Hell To Pay their interrupt

Any ground deck over power them in battles with you mains
ProfitDuel Obi and Luke and once han is released kill him and give your opponent a lot of battle damage.
Watch Your Step (ground)go to the sites where you cannot be targeted by fallen portal (stick with the cantina and other sites)

Mind What You Have Learned Grab your sites, control them, and drain.

(anything not listed is explaned in the general deck type)     '