---
author: michael "Deck" Gemme
title: 'Bring Him Up The Anus'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-16
description: 'BHBM 7s that crosses luke every time.  It does do stuff Brian Hunter'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (8)
BHBM/TYFP
Your Destiny
Insignificant Rebellion
Crush the Rebellion
Imperial Arrest Order
Mob Points
Prepared Defenses
Throne Room

Locations (4)
Carida
Spaceport Dbay
DS2 Dbay
CC Dbay

Characters (17)
Emperor Palpatine x2
DVDLOTS x4
Mara Jade x3
IG88 w/Riot Gun x2
Janus Greejatus x2
Sim aloo
Mighty Jabba
EPP Boba Fett
G.A. Thrawn

Ships (4)
Flagship Executor
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Zuckus in Mist Hunter x2

Interrupts (8)
I have you now
Force lightning
Operational As Planned x3
Twilek Advisor
Control/Set For Stun
Rise My Friend

Effects (5)
Emporers power
Blast Door Controls
Search and Destroy
Reactor Terminal
No Escape

Sevens (14)
Closed Door x2
Visage of the Emporer x2
Double Laser Cannon x2
Intruder Missile x2
Mournful Roar x2
We’re the Bait x2
Hunting Party x2



Strategy: 

I’ll write more once i see some responses ...

Blue1138: You are a homo: why dont i need more than two battleground sites and one system?? Because it’s a HIT AND RUN DECK - see below.  I go to THEM, and if i cant go to them *EBO or HB* I have Search & Destroy... Honor will kill me huh?? No escape.. you are a @#$%got

YOYOY: It beats the light side by flipping luke quickly.

Space: The object of this deck is to win two or three battles and then cross.  I’m not putting the executor out there to stay all game and try and satisfy battle plan or something.  I drop it with thrawn to get three destiny (all 7s), and if i still think i cant take a battle in space, ill drop bossk too and draw 4 destiny, you cant top that.  I have plenty of space to win one or two space battles. 

Activation: Second Turn I can get out 9 force on my own alone, usually i can get 11 on my own if i put someone down at the other docking bay.  I set up by putting emporer at a BG docking bay, and Janus at the DS2 Dbay... so that takes care of my activation, dont forget i get a force for the emporer himself.  My activation is good, not bad

First Turn, get Emporer to a battleground dbay and leave him there, drop janus at the ds2 dbay or the throne room or something becuase you want them to come after the emporer.  Janus is easily deployable first turn even against hidden base which gives you no force, just play operational as planned.  If you dont have janus, use the OAP to drop a card BEFORE deploying the emporer, that way you can draw up one card at the end of your turn.  So you pray that they deploy luke from reserve to take on the emporer first turn, so they drop, battle, you say Crush the rebellion for i have you now, destiny 7,7,7 you win the game they lose the game... just deploy another emporer from your reserve deck if you lose that one, no biggie.. and dont forget to have them stack a card

Sevens does work, it just takes balls.  Here’s why i chose cards i did: They work well with sevens.

Janus x2, Reactor terminal, Operational as Planned x3 : Recycle 7s

Fett with Gun: shoot anyone with sevens

Control Set for stun: Anywone with sevens

BHBM/TYFP: Cross easy with sevens

ECC IG88: Capture anyone with sevens

Emporers power:Draw another seven for battle destiny.

What this deck does is hit and run.  Draws multiple destiny every time.  THe destiny in this deck is intense.  If you’re duelling, you win with sevens.  To lose the duel just track with your Janus, Reactor Terminal, and Op as Planned.  This deck is easy to work, and it wins.  You can Draw sevens every time.  There isnt much strategy to this deck because you can draw up as much you want and put them back in and you win.  If you think this strategy section sucks, its because it does.  There isn’t much to describe about a hit and run deck with sevens.  Just do it and win.  It’s a great deck and it went two and one, losing only to HB Xwings which is pretty much an auto loss.  Anything else, it can beat.

Thanks for checking it out
Michael ”Deck” Gemme    

PS: Baroni Obviously made me this deck    