---
layout: post
author: ! michael "Deck" Gemme
title: ! "Ten Numb Superstar"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-26
description: ! 'This is avatars deck, with special modifications... its better now than it was then.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Quiet Mining Colony / It dont matter i’ve probably already won

Starting (6+1)
Bespin
Cloud City Leia’s Quarters
Heading for the Frigate
Menace Fades
Battle Plan
Squad Assignments

Locations (4)
Bespin Cloud City
Cloud City West Gallery
Cloud City Incinerator
Cloud City CarbonChamber

Characters (18)
Luke w/ Saber x3
Obi Wan w/ Saber x2
Leia w/ Gun x2
Captain Han x2
Lando w/ Gun
Dash Rendar
Corran Horn
Melas
Tawss Khaa
Elyk Rhue
Wedge, Rogue Squadron Leader
TEN NUMB X2

Starships (5)
Millenium Falcon
Outrider
Red 7
Red Squadron 1
Blue 5

Interrupts (16)
Power Pivot x2
Sorry about the Mess x2
Rapid Fire
Path of Least Resistance x3
Dodge x2
Narrow Escape
Out Of Commission / TransTerm x2
Rebel Barrier x2
Tunnel Vision

Effects (3)
Cloud City Celebration x2
Order To Engage

Weapons (3)
Intruder Missile x2
Xwing Laser Cannon

Admiral’s Order
I’ll Take the Leader

'

Strategy: '

Holy S. i f’d up big time and missed two run luke runs and the bith shuffle combo.. i dont know how that happened.  those are in there.

This, like i said, is avatar’s deck... but we felt it wasnt well equipped to TRULY handle space, that is.. until we centered space around THE MAN - ten numb...superstar.

First thing’s first... get your sites out (obviously) and get Ten Numb to space.  Once ten numb is in space, everything kind of comes together.  First understand the meta in Kashyyyk... everyone and their skanky mother plays Hunt Down Admirals.. those that don’t play Endor Ops Admirals... so we figure, anything that can take out the executor with guri is pretty hot.

Ability 7 is important in space usually, but if you can get an xwing with matching pilot to bespin, then you wont have to worry becuase you can either A. put the laser cannon on or B. use rapid fire, the god card of this deck (next to the man himself).  Rapid fire lets you deploy a weapon from reserve or hand when a battle begins.. so you battle or they battle, with this card you get the weapon.  Ten numb is a machine becuase he adds 4 to weapon destiny draws in his ship.  That means with 2 intruder missiles and a tracked 6, you take down the executor.  Ten Numb also takes out the chimera with a destiny of 3.. 1 if hes firing two.. he is broken.  And with power pivot, you can make it immediately lost.  If you only have one intruder missile, then play power pivot to reduce the executor’s power to zero, then fire it anyways just to recycle it (you wont be needing it anymore).  Power Pivot is a great card in this deck as well, as it can do many different things in space.  If you haven’t noticed yet, you can own any system in this deck with Elyk Rhue and Ten Numb... easy as pie... and then there is Capt han, falcon, melas, dash, outrider, wedge and his ship too... just in case you want to control another system or flip your objective.

Now for the ground.

Get one guy to each site, and start celebrating when you are beginning to lose force.  You can only drain for 1 at each site, but most of the sites are drain 1 anyways so it doesnt hardly matter.  the big thing in this deck is celebrating.  If they drop some guys against you, just path away.  If you leave one site open, you can use dodge and narrow escape with Order to engage to get them to lose some force, but that is like a thirdadary strategy...thirdadary?  

Now that you have an ability four guy at three of your four sites, and the dark side controls the other site with say.... vader and evazan.. here is how you administer the beatdown.  Path obi to the site with vader and evazan during your control phase, (dont forget to celebrate for each site obi occupied [yes this does work]).  Sorry about the mess vader *because destiny is mad high in this deck* then drop melas and lando down with ben, battle, run luke run your luke there (always strategically place your luke), call your opponents momma and then beatdown evazan.  All you really need to do is battle once in this game, you can battle more but it hardly matters, the rest is celebrating and draining.  Mainly you want to set yourself up for an afore mentioned beatdown, and celebrate everything back.  This deck is tough to beat, and only lost at MA states to hayes hunter (played by steebo baroni) and a dark side sac deck when i played it.

This deck is a machine and avatar is a genius.  Don’t rate this deck as a copy, me and steebo just wanted to post our state deck up here so people could see a great version of Alex Klammrodt’s deck, one that can handle heavy space if its big in your area.  Thanks alot

Once Tatooine comes out, two card slots will get to be opened by removing Tunnel Vision and BespinCloud city.  Melas and tawss would be replaced by qui-gon and obi wan probably, depending on how popular duelling gets and how easy they are to kill and what not.  This deck will get better after the new set is released, but i’m not sure how yet.

Deck and Steebo    '