---
layout: post
author: ! John "Aeon" Lampe
title: ! "SYCFA Has a Flipside?"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-08
description: ! 'a non-standard tie deck which wins (for me at least ;)'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
SYCFA

Locations (8)
Wakeelmui
Alderraan
Death Star
Death Star Docking Bay
Kashyyk
Sullust
Kessel
Asteroid Field

Effects (7)
Ability, Ability, Ability
First Strike
Secret Plans
Dreaded Imperial Starfleet
Battle Order
Mobilization Points
Sienar Flight Systems

Interupts (15)
Operational as Planned
Prepared Defences
Twi&#8217;lek x 2
I Have You Now
Always Thinking With Your Stomach
Imperial Barrier
Projective Telepathy
Short Range Fighters
Weapon Levitation
Evader/Monnock
Ghhk Combo
All Power to Weapons x 3

Characters (7)
Arica
U-3PO
Lord Vader
Aurra Sing
M&#8217;iiyoom
Darth Maul x 2

Ships (14)
Emperors Shield
Emperors Sword
Tie Intercepter x 8
Dreadnaught x 4

Weapons (4)
Tie Laser Cannons x 2
Vaders Saber
Mauls Saber

Admirals Orders (2)
Battle Deployment
Fighter Cover
'

Strategy: '

Right, well you&#8217;ve probably looked at this deck thinking &#8216;gee, another tie deck&#8217; well I could say its not just another Tie deck, but hmmm you might think I&#8217;ve got no idea, and your right, I don&#8217;t have any idea, this deck I created myself (as much as Tie decks can be) and has only ever lost one game, to Adam Amy, the Calamari Continental Champion.

Yes, before you are asking, this is the deck that got DQ’ed in Day 1 and managed to get to Day 2 of the Calamari Continental Championships. I had left out Weapon Lev and Projective telepathy of the decklist. Kevin, after alot of people petitioning him on my behal;f let me through as everyone felt that Kevin had rushed me in completing the deck list. Stuart Jones in Day 2 also made a mistake with his decklist (YISYW instead of YCHF, honest enough mistake) and he got himself DQ’ed. we were both in the wrong, but I feel that we both should have recieved the same treatment, me out of the running for Day 2 (though Im pleased I played in day 2, I would have still been happy knowing that I would had made it to Day 2 on ranking if I had of been DQed, but thems the breaks, I still think Stu should of kept playing because it was a minor mistake and he had a great shot at making the playoffs(even though he can be abit full of himself, but I think thats just how he plays his mind games)

I&#8217;m not here asking for you guys to rate this deck, I already know it is good. Rather, I&#8217;m here to see what you guys think of it. Although this deck is still winning, and Im not bored yet of this deck, I thought I had better change, mainly for the surprise value and that my opponents knew what to expect from me. Adam Amy in his tournament report wrote that I had played this deck for 3 months and that he knew exactly what to do. While the deck had evolved to what it is today, the idea that people would not be surprised by this deck and knew what I was playing made me decide to pack in this deck

In my area of Melbourne in Australia, the prevalent light deck is WYS, although there has been an increase of EBO decks of late. Previously before Tatooine came out, there were only 3 main ideas for a dark deck, huntdown, scum, and ties, a good Light deck could beat 2 of them, but no deck could beat all 3. It was this idea, plus the fact that Ties weren&#8217;t popular in my area that I went about creating the deck specifically to beat WYS. the raw power of this deck is very very powerful, in a 4 player game (2 light players and 2 dark players) I was playing ties, my team mate AotBS, and my 2 Light side opponents, HB and EBO, sure its not a proper game, but my tie deck managed to cream both of them

The one serious problem of this deck I discovered was that my retrieval didn&#8217;t work if the opponent did not come to space, it was at this time I thought about having Dark Jedi in the deck. Most Tie decks have no ground in them, so many of my opponents thought that they would be safe if they stayed on the ground, indeed profit killed this deck. I put in Asteroid field, Lord Vader and 2 Mauls in with there sabers as well as Aurra. I have never been one to play with Light sabers as they are destiny one and the chances of me pulling any saber and there matching character were too small, indeed, one hit and Id lose 2 cards. With Ties its not a problem, you just retrieve them. Aurra and weapon lev were very strong, stoping most beatdowns at the D* Docking bay in there tracks.

I also played Battle order to force land decks to come to space so I can beatdown on them, what I used to do in the first turn was put down a tie at the docking bay, so I could satisfy half of battle order, and if they are playing low ground I put Lord Vader and stick down to the docking bay and move the tie up to the D*, with the admirals order they need a 6 with one destiny to kick him off. Maul was placed in the deck to punish people playing WYS, I usually waited until Melas or Luke was on table before placing him at the cantina with stick for a solid drain of 3.

Asteroid Field also had people wondering as though it&#8217;s a no brainer, I caught many people unawares, placing it and a tie down to Kessel, I would make the light side pay 3 force to drain for 3, play projective telepathy to pay an extra 2, then cancel it with the asteroid field. Needless to say it only worked once per game ;) Dreaded Imperial Starfleet, U-3PO, Arica, Lost in the wilderness and Projective telepathy also were very good at stopping drains and the retrieval in the deck meant that if they were disposed of they would be coming back

The Tie Laser cannons are also great, many times I&#8217;ve come down against a fully laden Outrider and Falcon with nothing but a interceptor and a cannon, initiate battle, retrieve 2 force with first strike and draw there fire, blow away both ships and sit on the system holding a Ghhk.

The problems that are faced by the deck is pod racing and profit. Against any space deck you should win, however, &#8216;I did it&#8217; makes it a lot harder as you cannot save force, Operational as planned protects against this and the frozen assets/draw there fire combo, but the beggar combo stops it dead. What I tried to do was load up star ships at systems preventing a beat down, but then I could only drain for one and 2, this deck needs to spread and drain without fear of reprisal. You can spread and hold a ghhk, but what good is it if draw there fire and beggar prevents you from using it.

New cards in Coruscant may be useful, like the Ghhk effect, but I&#8217;m going to give up the deck because its not a surprise anymore and I hate people knowing what to expect from me (I like to be unexpected but still win ;) If any of you guys know a good deck that uses Coruscant cards, Id love to hear it, I love playing with new sets, its just so fun. Anyways, hope you like my deck, if you don&#8217;t think it will win, then I&#8217;ve probably left something out or explained it wrong because it does win. Thanks for reading my rant, I could of chatted longer about the deck but I felt I&#8217;ve wasted enough of your time as it is ;)
'