---
layout: post
author: ! Tom "Gand" Culpepper
title: ! "The Admiral’s ISB"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-26
description: ! "hmmm...  there’s a fun combo.  Imp command with ISB...  Sounds abusive to me, I guess I will try it."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(6) 
ISB Operations 
Coruscant 
Oppressive Enforcement
Something Special Planned For Them
Mobilization Points
Prepared Defences 


Locations (9)
Kuat
Kiffex
Nal Hutta
Corulag
Kashyyyk
Sullust
Endor
Fondor
Executor DB

Characters (20)
Admiral Chiranaeu 
Admiral Ozzel 
Admiral Piett 
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Mara Jade
Commander Merrejk  
Guri x2
Outer Rim Scout x 7
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith
Emperor Palpatine
Prince Xizor
Myiioom Onith
Grand Moff Tarkin


Vehicles(1) 
Blizzard 2 


Starships(8) 
Accuser
Avenger
Chimaera 
Death Squadron Star Destroyer
Devastator 
Executor
Thunderflare 
Vengance


Admirals Orders(2) 
Were In Attack Position Now x2

Effects(4) 
Kuat Drive Yards
Lateral Damage 
Reactor Terminal 
Den Of Thieves

Interrupts(10) 
Abyssin Ornament x2
Imperial Command x 4 
Overwhelmed
Projective Telepathy
Twi’lek Advisor 
Overload '

Strategy: '

well, what can I say?  Just seems like a natural  combo to me.  The power of Imperial Command with the speed of ISB.  I might even pass on playing HDADTJ for awhile due to this one.  Basi strategy is always similar, use Command to pull Piett and Piett to pull Merjjek then use him to pull systems.  You ought to get a system or two in the opening hand, so activation should not be too much of a problem to deal with.  With the mass activation and the ships immune to attrition <6...  Besides that you have Den Of Thieves to cancel drains, enough scouts to use some as fodder and retrieve them in draw phase, then there is always Abyssin Ornament to make a mass retrieval late, if it lasts that long.  There are sufficent ground forces to hold a site or two.  Besides that it is just spread and drain at the systems with Cherneau and ISB boosted drains while limiting opponent’s destinies and wreaking havoc.  

Some card choices explained

SSPFT  Deck is packed with star destroyers, might as well make moving away a pain.  As an added bonus it denies the retrieval loop provided by On/Off the Edge and Utini effects.  Celebrations should not be a problem to overrun.  

Overwhelmed  Gets rid of the Super Falcon and other annoying ships if you overpower them by enough.

Projective Telapathy Cancel a battle or force drain if they don’t leave force.  Also good to cancel your own battles sometimes... or just use up some more force.

Overlaod  I see B-wing weapon decks and Frigate weapon decks every now and then, this tosses intruder missiles au-to-ma-tic...  Plus GA thrawn hurts them by pulling a replaced AO into hand and making them find thiers again. 

Myiioom Onith Just cause I sure will have a lot of force from time to time... this card is a pain in the @ss agianst just about ANYTHING that does not start Goo Nee Tay.  Sometimes I just feel like being a bastard.

well, I hope you enjoy it.  Ask me about it if you have any questions.  Feel free to make any suggestions and I will consider/respond to them.  Thanks for reading

Gand



sU oT gnoleB erA esaB ruoY llA '