---
layout: post
author: ! Brian "ultra_cookie" Hodge
title: ! "Rebel Strike Team, STRIKES BACK"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-10-21
description: ! 'This deck is made to EASILY hold ground, by way of beating the opponent if he steps foot on Endor. If he finally learns his lesson, then you show him why NOT coming to Endor is bad for his health too'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations(6)
Endor (Starting)
Endor Bunker
Endor Back Door
Endor Rebel Landing Site (Forest) (Starting)
Endor Great Forest x3

Characters(19)
Corporal Kensaric
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Lieutenant Blount
Corran Horn
General Crix Madine
Corporal Midge
Orrimaarko
Sergeant Junkin
Lieuntenant Greeve
Geezum
Colonel Cracken
Corporal Beezer
Corporal Delevar
Daughter Of Skywalker
Major Panno
Lieutenant Page
General Solo
Sergeant Brooks Carlson

Starships(7)
Gold Leader In Gold 1
Red Leader In Red 1
Tantive IV
Spiral
Masanya
Corellian Corvette
Lando In Millenium Falcon

Devices(3)
Electrobinoculars
Portable Scanner
Mercenary Armor

Weapons(6)
Explosive Charge x3
Concussion Grenade
Luke’s Lightsaber
Anakin’s Lightsaber

Interrupts(12)
Heading For The Medical Frigate (Starting)
On The Edge x2
It’s A Trap x3
Insertion Planning x3
Take The Initiative x3

Effects(4)
Ultimatum
Strike Planning (Starting)
Insurrection (Starting)
The Shield Is Down (Starting)

Epic Event(1)
Deactivate The Shield Generator

Objective(1)
Rebel Strike Team/Garison Destroyed (Starting) '

Strategy: '

First off, start off by pulling General Crix Madine and General Solo using Strike Planning and pull out Endor Bunker using Rebel Strike Team (Note Don’t deploy the Bunker until you are ready to go there in force, so you don’t leave it open for the opponent to pile his armadda there) Then, just accumilate force the first round, that way, with this deck you get great force activation. Then, on your 2nd turn, pull Deactivate The Shield Generator using the objective, and deploy Crix Madine and use him to pull Beezer so you can give Crix Madine the Mercenary Armor, allowing him to recieve power +3, decent armor, the ability to stop the opponent from using Imperial Barrier, and spy skill so you can play Take The Initiative at his site. (Soon everyone, but him, in this deck is either spy or scout.) Be sure to give back up If you got Mecenary Armor in hand, then give it to Crix and use Beezer to pull the Portable Scanner. That way, each turn you can pull two weapons and/or devices Then next turn pull Electrobinoculars to set up an easy 5 or 6, which I’ll explain why in a minute, and pull explosive charges After that, use Crix to pull Geezum so you can pull one of the 3 Endor Great Forest sites. That way, the opponent probably can’t run if he comes there Then, you prepare your attack mode. If the opponent comes, use one of the 3 It’s A Trap interrupts in the deck to stop a battle the opponent starts and on your turn, do this Deploy all the scouts you have to the site the opponent thought he could get you at, then use Crix to pull another scout, preferably Chewbacca if you haven’t got him out yet. Then send them all there, and initiate a battle. Be sure to use Take The Initiative to add to your battle destiny and use Insertion Planning to subtract from theirs Also, us Electrobinoculars to set up that great battle destiny. This will allow you to EASILY take the battle. Other than that, back to the objective’s mission. When you get a good amount of people in hand, deploy the bunker NOW send them to the bunker by deploying a spy their first. (Which is Corran Horn, Cracken, or Blount.) Then place the charges, the epic event, use Crix to get Junkin so he can add to the draw of blowing it up and next turn, use the electrobinoculars to get a high draw to easily blow up the bunker. You will retrieve 8 and they will lose 8 Also, if they come to the bunker, just take them out using the same rules from above, except you can’t use Insertion Plannign now. Nut now, pull out the Concussion Grenade and give it to Junkin so you wont be harmed by it, and can easily hit people by using those wonderful electrobinoculars to set up a destiny that will leave the least amount of people, hopefully one week person, then you can pound him into the bunker’s walls. After you get the bunker gone, you can now use Crix to pull Midge if you haven’t got him out yet, then start force draining thanks to his game text. The scouts in this deck that allow him to add +1 to force drains are Daughter Of Skywalker, Luke Skywalker Jedi Knight, Orrimaarko, General Solo, and Lieutenant Page.) And give Daughter Of Skywalker the Anakin’s Lightsaber, and Luke Skywalker his lightsaber. Finally, if you need to retrieve force, just use those Electrobinoculars again (Got to love them) to set up a six and use On The Edge and say 5. Then you can retrieve five force. Use the second On The Edge to retrieve 5 more force, and hopefully, the first On The Edge. There you go Happy striking '