---
layout: post
author: Richard "frdeep" Munoz
title: 'WYS - Kessel  Way'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-28
description: ! 'My WYS deck.  Ive played it a lot and it works well.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (4)
Watch Your Step/This Place Can Be a Little Rough
Tatooine 
Tatooine Cantina 
Tatooine Docking Bay 94 

Characters (16)
Melas 
Mirax Terrik 
Ralltiir Freighter Captain  x2
Talon Karrde 
R2-D2 (Artoo-Detoo) 
Captain Han Solo  x2
Chewbacca, Protector  x2
Corran Horn
Daughter Of Skywalker  x2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight  x2
Wedge Antilles 

Interrupts (10)
Blaster Deflection 
Don’t Get @#$%y  x3
I Know  x3
Wookiee Roar 
WHAAAAAAAAAOOOOW  x2

Effects (18)
Bacta Tank 
Count Me In  x2
Do, Or Do Not 
I Wonder Who They Found  x2
I’m With You Too  x2
Lightsaber Proficiency 
Nightfall 
Reflection 
That’s One  x2
Traffic Control 
Advantage 
Kessel Run  x3

Weapons (2)
Chewbacca’s Bowcaster 
Luke’s Lightsaber 

Starships (4)
Millennium Falcon 
Pulsar Skate 
Red 5 
Red Squadron 1 
Tydirium

Vehicles (1)
Chewie’s AT-ST 

Locations (4)
Corellia 
Kessel 
Ralltiir 
Tatooine Obi-Wan’s Hut  '

Strategy: '

This deck basiclly requires you to do kessel runs.  Normally do them from Ralltier with the Frighter Captain because he doubles the force retrieved (note if possible have a unique smuggler on board the Pulsar Skate - hopefully Melas - so the frighter captain can double x + [ability of unique smuggler]).  If not, then go from Corellia.  Whenever you retrieve force with Kessel Run (starting with your second completed run), be sure to retrieve at least 1 kessel run because then you will be able to do a run again. <g>

Even with the high deploy cost, I prefer to have leia because if I’m in need of a ’lost’ card quick, I can use reflection.  She also adds 1 Light side icon (at extierior sites) so I get some extra force.  Her deployment cost of 13 is offset to 10 if she deploys to Tydirium.  She can also use Anakain’s Lightsaber.  I use the reflections II chewie because he’s a smuggler and has defense value of 4 (and ability 4).

I know/Don’t Get @#$%y are used interrupts when I’m With You Too/Count Me In on table so they are ideal destiny adders to finish off some DS butt.  Place Advantage and Lightsaber Proficy on Luke (at least that’s what i prefer).  The WHAAAAAAAAAOOOOH card is for DS creature decks and for it’s destiny of 7.  Use blaster deflectiion in it’s ’used’ form to stop Leia and Luke from being hit (this especially ticks off DS player when they are using a light sabre).

Remember that the core of this deck is to Kessel Run and keep retrieveing and don’t _EVER_ forget your objective bonuses (to get some more force generation, get some smugglers down on the table to flip the card).  I hope this deck wins games for you as it did for me

- Richard "frdeep" Munoz
  dmail me or email me (email = frdeep@clearsail.net) '