---
layout: post
author: ! chris "wampa hunter" benson
title: ! "Legal 62 card deck."
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-17
description: ! 'This is a Set Your Course Deck. It’s a typical Big Blue Deck.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Now your first question is how can this be a legal deck with 62 cards? More on that at the bottom. 

STARTING (8)
Set Your Course For Alderan OBJ
Death Star
DS Docking Bay
Alderan
Prepaired Defenses
A Million Voices crying out
IMO
Imperial Decree

LOCATIONS (6) 
DS War Room
DS Conference Room
Yavin 4
Fondor
Hoth
Kiffex

Characters (18)
Lord Vader
Darth Maul
Mara Jade ETH
Prince Xizor
A.Thrawn
A.Piett
A.Ozzel
A.Motti
A.Chiraneau
Capt.Godherdt
Com.Merrejk
Death Star Gunner x4
Daroe
Lathe
U-3PO

STARSHIPS (10)
Flagship Executor
Death Squd. Star Destroyer
Devastator
Chimeria
Tryant
Thunderflare
Dominator
Vengeance
Zuckass in Ship
Dengar in Ship

INTERRUPTS/EFFECTS (11)
Imperial Barrier x3
Put All Sections on Alert x3
Imperial Command x3
Lateral Damage
A Day Long Remebered

WEAPONS (5)
Superlaser x2
Mara Saber
Vader Saber
Maul Saber

EPIC EVENTS (2)
CPI x 2


'

Strategy: '

FIRST the 62 card bit,
 With the card A Million Voices Crying Out, you can take into hand a CPI from lost pile or Reserve deck. Thus you are getting 2 extra cards if you use the text to take the CPI from your lost pile. Since you are not retrieveing these cards, they don’t suffer from using/losing force or whatever the Lightside has out.

 Just to let you know, I summited a deck, like this one before. A couple people reveiwed and called it a ilegal deck because it has "62" cards in it. Even though I explained it, like I did above. These people are Illiterate Winged Butt Monkeys, and just by you reading this far proves that you’re a lot smarter than a few Decktech members Congrads

Anyway here’s how to play the deck,

 Start off by getting DS sites and DS Gunners deployed to the Death Star. Use one of the gunners to search for the superlaser, and deploy it on your next turn. While doing this, move the Death Star on your move phase to orbit Alderaan. When you have all three Gunners at a Death Star site and all three DS sites out, Look for a CPI. During your next control phase, blow away Alderaan. Flip your Obj and now the real fun begins

 The first thing you will want to do is control Hoth and Yavin 4 since this stops the Lightside’s drain Bonuses. In my area, alot of people play the Quiet Minning.. Obj, Most of the players think that the Imperial Decree doesn’t work, but it does, since it affects the drain bonuses and not the drain. Good way to pull the wool over their eyes. 

 Deploy your Star Destroyers to as many systems as you can afford and drain for +2 force. Most of the games you’ll be draining for around 9 force a turn. Use Imperial Command to get Admirals or to add a battle destiny if the Lightside decides to battle you.
 Vader,Maul,Mara and Xizor are use mainly to defend the Death Star after the flip. Use Lathe to shuffle opponent’s deck so they can’t track destiny. 


 This is a fairly good deck, I have won most of my games that I played with it and done very good in tourneys. 

Thanks for having a look 

'