---
layout: post
author: William "FredDurst100" Diniega
title: 'Black Suns Makurths'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-05-01
description: ! 'Deck I used to win last Hawaii tourney, completed less than 45 minutes before tourney.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations(7)
Coruscant (start)
CoruscantCapital City (start)
Tatooine 
TatooineJabba’s Palace x2
Jabba’s PalaceAudience Chamber
TatooineCantina

Characters(26)
Prince Xizor x3 (start)
Emperor Palpatine x2
Guri x2
Vigo x3
4-Lom with Concussion Rifle x2
Iggy with Riot Gun
Makurth x13

Starships(8)
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter x2
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth x2
Dengar in Punishing One 
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Virago
Stinger

Interrupts(13)
Twilek Advisor (start)
Main Course
Omni Box/It’s Worse x2
Abyssin Ornament x2
Elis Helrot x2
Surprise x2
Always Thinking With Your Stomach x2
Point Man 

Effects(5)
Presence of The Force (start)
Hutt Influence
No Escape
Reactor Terminal
Secret Plans

Objective(1)
Agents of The Black Sun/Vengeance of The Dark Prince '

Strategy: '

This deck works quite well for being made in half an hour and less than 45 minutes before the tourney it won. I know the first thing you’re gonna say is what about Grimtash? I built it too fast to even think about it and I was lucky not to run into any at the tournament. If you want to help out against it add a well guarded or two. Take out whatever you wanna take out. On to the strategy.

You want to get Jabba’s Palace out as fast as you can and Elis Xizor their. If you can, do it first turn and if you have enough force drop a character with him. Probably a Makurth. This deck gets off to a quick start because the objective flips once the game starts. If your opponent drops Luke you want to make him missing with Always Thinking With Your Stomach or totally out battle him with all of your characters. If you see no Elis protection do some Elis everyone battles so he is forced to lose Luke or heavy damage. If you can keep your objective flipped, just drop Vigos and tons of characters and out drain your opponent on Tatooine. You have the direct damage from the objective to help you out as well. Usually, if my opponent tries to battle, he loses too much to attrition to try battle again. In space I have enough stuff to hold Tatooine or to do some damage or probe against hidden base. 4-Lom on Zuckuss in Mist Hunter does pretty well and against Xwing swarm you have Dengar in Punishing One. Against Watch Your Step you have Guri too help you out and she can even help you out in space on her Stinger and act as an Imp Command. You have Hutt Influence if you are playing against Hidden Base and are too scared to probe. If your opponent tries to Off the edge someone, use the surprise to retarget it to Luke so he loses him. You also have Secret Plans to help you out against retreival. If your opponent tries to get Battle Plan to work against you just play everything at Tatooine. Against EBOX I’m not sure how this will work. Try to out drain your opponent and set up fast. Block some drains in space with your ships and you might want to add a Den of Thieves. If you get in a bind use Abyssin Ornament to get some cards back.
Well, that’s basically the deck. I hope you try to play it and once again, have fun with it. '