---
layout: post
author: ! nate "number 1" meeker
title: ! "Vibro-mania (It is definatly trouble)"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-14
description: ! "A HIGH powered court deck that has a ton of characters and will exclude everyone"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'starting8
power of the hut
there is no try& opp. enn.
inconsequential losses
great pit
dengeon
audience chamber
prep d
court objective

creature 1
rancor

blue 3
virago
boba fett in slave one
stinger

characters24
skrilling x5
cloud city engineer
ephant mon
jabba x2
pote snitkin x2
boelo
guri
prince xizor
mara jade teh
bane malor
snoova x2
ig-88 w/ gat x2
boba fett x2
jodo kast
bossk w/ gat
     ( if you want you can sub in dr.e/ ponda baba for one boba)

green 5
vibro axe x5

effects 7
secrity precautions
no escape
first strike
search and destroy
scum x2
all wraped up

interrupts 11
human sheild x2
def. fire/ hutt smooch x2
hidden weapons
twi’lek x2
trap door x2
jabbas through with you x2

locations 2
rancor pit
tat. doc bay '

Strategy: '

as you can allready see, in heart this is a beat down deck, very good vs mains and ground characters

*** in responce to all you asses out there who never played vs axes, AXES ARE ONE OF THE BEST WEAPONS IN THE GAME, destiny four add one to power, exclude guys from battle?? what else do you want??

steps to victory.
1. get some some your guys like jabba and pote and boleo etc. at the chamber
2. get scum down
3. if they are playing space get search and destroy out.
4. wait for them to deploy some guys than go take them out.
5. if you can, take them back and feed to rancor, he is in thre just for fun but i do use him alot.
6. repeat.....

Very simple strat. the vibro axes are great for the beat down, and snoova is a badass in this deck, use your power on the ground to take out all the mains, I have taken on lots of main deck and wo most of them.

vs. profit easy if you use right start, get the enginner and jabba out for profit. activate the force from the pit and jabbas palace then convert your site to activate two from that and you have four force left to work with, get ephant mon out with power of the hut, he goes for 3 then get out snoova who will go for 1 with ephant mon there. thats the profit start, after that just keep artoo off tat. and you will win, he he does free han, go after him in full force and feed him to the rancor, game over profit.

vs ebo this is hard, you have to get out search and destroy early, then go to hoth to cancel ebo but look out for the fake out, in that case stay on tat. and wait for him.

vs opratives ha dont make me laugh, go kill him early

vs blow up the deathstar ha east win, get out search and destroy, go drain him at his own sites

vs blow up the bunker easy win just go kick his @#$% in the bunker

vs mineing col. again easy win, beat his @#$% in the interior sites, game over

vs training  a little bit of trouble; get out search and destroy early and if he gives you another planet, deploy boba in boat go to degoba and beat his ass.

vs luke the deuling maching ingore him unless the drain is hurting than get mara to capture luke and go feed him to the rancor. that is the funniest thing you will ever see. look at his face if you do that. ha ha ha

vs hidden base this is easier than ebo becase of secrity pre cautions, get that out, then search and destroy and scum, let the direct damage do its work and just sit boba on a big drain system only look for his hidden base when the damage will kill him. if you play smart you should win this match up.

thats all, remember this is a reactive deck so dont go to them untill they deploy, and build up that chamber every game.

Thanks for reading  '