---
layout: post
author: Patrick "Gold 3567.2" Gstell
title: 'Ewoks In The Court'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-03
description: 'Mainly a fun deck, but it can win.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

  Starting
Agents In The Court
Jabba’s Palace: Audience Chamber
Tatooine: Hutt Canyon
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Insurrection
Strike Planning
Uh-Oh

  Characters
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk
Dash Rendar
Ewok Sentry x10
General Crix Madine
Graak x2
Han w/ Heavy Blaster Pistol
Ithorian x3
Kazak 
Leia w/ Blaster Rifle
Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout
Tessek x2
Wicket
Wuta x4(rep)

  Starships
Home One
Lando In Millenium Falcon
Liberty
Outrider
Spiral

  Locations
Endor: Back Door
Endor: Chief Chirpa’s Hut
Endor: Dense Forest
Endor: Hidden Forest Trail
Endor: Landing Platform
Endor: Rebel Landing Site
Home One: Docking Bay
Kessel

  Effects
Bacta Tank
Bargaining Table
Bo Shuda
Menace Fades
Traffic Control

  Interrupts
Endor Celebration
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes x2
Sound The Attack x2
The Signal x2 

Strategy: 

as for the reviews, can you people read? FUN deck, NEVER TAKE TO A TOURNY! I don’t care if your ”solid” dark deck can beat it, IT’S FOR FUN! Ands what with this Mara to H1 docking bay killing me? all i use crix for is to get me that one chewie or wuta, then he’s useless to me anyway.
------------------------------------------------------------


quick addition to the deck, add in honor of the jedi


This deck came to me because I was really bored from only using decks that everyone else uses. 

The idea first came to me with Profit, but it didn’t work right, so Agents came out and I tried it again. I highly doubt I’ll be taking it to a tourny anytime soon, but who knows.So, on to the strategy.

The main idea behind this deck is to use Tessek/Kazak/Graak to get massive drains from their reserve deck. Tessek also makes all the Ewok sentries deploy free. It also uses Agents to retrieve your ewoks. The tech w/ the flip side is that Wuta is a scout, so crix can pull him to put on the objective.
 Now, on to how you play this piece of crap, I mean deck:  First turn you pull Home One DB and put Crix there. Next turn pull Endor DB and Chewie Of Kashyyyk. Use Chewie to get Wuta, use Wuta to get your Endor sites. Chewie is there mainly to protect Wuta.

 matchups:

vs. BHBM- abuse the Luke pulling ability and give them Luke later on to pull Darth from the picture. Don’t let them win any easy battles, if they want to win battles make them work for it.

vs. ISB- don’t let them take endor. fight them to the death. use the mains to keep them of endor. don’t do anything stupid.

vs. Hunt Down- abuse HoTJ to its full power. don’t let them duel luke. try to keep DVDLOTS from choking the crap out of your ewoks.

vs. other stuff- just play smart and don’t give them an easy victory. even if they cancel your drain modifiers, you can still do decent damage.  