---
layout: post
author: Dennis "Denethor" Jeffris
title: 'A Generally Good Deck (Profit) V 2.0'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-06-03
description: 'An undefeated tournament deck that is a total blast to play.  A surprise to boot!  I made the first version a long time ago.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (8)
You Can Either Profit By This.../Or Be Destroyed
Tatooine: Jabba&#8217;s Palace 
Jabba&#8217;s Palace: Audience Chamber 
General Solo 
Heading For The Medical Frigate 
Insurrection 
Staging Areas 
Strike Planning 

Locations (4) 
Tatooine x2 
Tatooine: Docking Bay 
Spaceport Docking Bay 

Characters (29) 
General Solo (+ the starting, so that’s 2 General Solos)
General Crix Madine 
General Calrissian 
Lando With Blaster Pistol (because I don’t have Vibro-Ax version, replace as necessary)
Obi-Wan Kenobi x2
Ben Kenobi
Admiral Ackbar x2 
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk 
Chewbacca, Protector
Leia With Blaster Rifle 
Princess Organa
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight 
Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout 
Luke With Lightsaber 
Master Luke
Qui-Gon Jinn
Orrimaarko 
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader 
Corran Horn 
Lieutenant Blount 
Lieutenant Page 
Colonel Cracken 
Corporal Delevar 
Corporal Kensaric 
Corporal Beezer 
Major Panno 
Major Haash’n

Starships (4) 
Home One 
Liberty 
Spiral 
Tantive IV 

Interrupts (7) 
Out of Commission & Transmission Terminated x2 
Rebel Leadership x2 
Fallen Portal x2
The Signal

Effects (5) 
Honor of the Jedi 
Tatooine Celebration 
Launching The Assault 
Bacta Tank
The Camp

Weapons (2) 
Luke&#8217;s Lightsaber 
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber

Admiral&#8217;s Orders (1) 
Capital Support  

Strategy: 

---update:  I made this deck before I had lots of tatooine cards.  obvious choices like another qui-gon and less scouts are a sure thing, just change them to make common sense---


---If opponent is playing Fanfare, it doesn’t really slow you down too much.  You will always occupy Tatooine once you get it.  Your activation won’t slow down to much---

As the name might suggest, this deck uses generals to cause direct damage with Capital Support and drains and causes MORE direct damage with Profit! 

First off, I start with General Solo because of 3 reasons: 
1) Premiere/Jedi Pack Han Solo sucks 
2) He’s a General, which is BIG in this deck. 
3) I can usually release him before I lose more than 5 force (sometimes I lose only 1-2 force before I rescue him, INCLUDING the starting interrupt). 

Strike Planning is started because I can pull out 2 Generals, who both rock. I pull out General Crix Madine for his scout-pulling ability. I pull out General Calrissian because he’s Lando, which helps with the Profit direct damage and he’s a General, which causes direct damage with Capital Support. He can also pilot one of the ships. Insurrection is started since most of my characters are forfeit +2 and I can pull out the docking bays. Also, it prevents Elis beats. I start Staging Areas because I have 2 docking bays on the same planet which are always under my control/occupation, so I get activation that way. 

Once you release Han by kicking the crap out of them with your scout/main swarms, you then start the fun. Spread out your Generals so you have 1 at each location (remember that Obi-Wan Kenobi is a general). So, now you have General Solo, General Calrissian, General Madine, and General Kenobi at the 2 docking bays and at the Jabba’s Palace sites. Since there are 2 Tatooine systems in here, chances are you will get one early on. Deploy it, and Launching the Assault if you have it. Get out Home One, and when you have enough force, deploy it to Tatooine with Ackbar and all your pilots. You NEED to hold this system. Deploy Tatooine Celebration if you have it. Deploy Capital Support w/ Ackbar or from hand. Reinforce your Generals with lots of characters at the sites. Make sure you only have 1 main at each site, to maximize the damage. Back up with lots of characters, and you’ll be retrieving 4 force a turn, making them lose 13 force a turn maximum, with relatively small amounts of cards. 

Now some explanations of cards: 

2 Tatooines: It’s necessary to get this out, to get Capital Support and Tatooine Celebration working. 

Old School Obi-Wans: A beast in this deck. He’s a general for Capital Support, and he just plain kicks all @$$.  Ben Kenobi is here for BHBM deck beatdowns.

Major Haash’n: Lateral Damage will literally tear this deck apart.  Use Ackbar to pull this guy out, and keep him on Home One, so that threat is eliminated.

2 Ackbars: The perfect character for space. He rules on Home One, gets your admiral’s order out, and makes Home One nearly invincible. 

Princess Organa?!?!?!?: Yes. I don’t have any more good Leias.  Replace her w/ DOS or Leia w/ Blaster.

Wedge and Corran: They rule space on Home One. 

Rebel Leadership: Add a destiny with Ackbar in space, or add a destiny with all your generals on the ground. It does not work with Obi-Wan, but it still is an incredible card. 

2 OOC/TTs: Removing pivotal cards from the game is an incredible advantage. Also cancels Visage of the Emperor and the sort. 

Fallen Portal: Half your sites are docking bays, so why not? Easy kill! 

Lieutenant Page: Yes, this is not a drain/Midge deck, but he makes my Rebel scouts deploy -1, which helps w/ the inclusion of Fanfare.

Now some matchups... 

Hunt Down: Your biggest battle. Obi-Wan is very vulnerable to a dueling HD, so don’t deploy him early on. Luke is also vulnerable, so try not to deploy him unless necessary. Also, Leia cannot battle or drain at her site, so remember that! In the end, the massive damage you cause and his Visage damage will finish him off. Without his dueling, this deck is almost worthless except for Visage, which can be easily cancelled (if they have No Escape). 

ISB Ops/Big Blue: Not too hard. Deploy LOTS of ships and pilots to Tatooine. Make sure you don’t lose that system!  Once again, direct damage will win the day. 

BHBM: You have lots of power on the ground and in space, so he shouldn’t be able to win many battles. Concentrate your forces so he cannot cross Luke. Use Rebel Scout to get rid of Vader. Tatooine will be easy to hold, since most BHBM decks are light on the space part. Retrieval and direct damage rule! 

TIE Swarms: Hard, but you will come out victorious if you play smart. Make sure you have tons of power aboard your ships in space. After holding them off for a few turns, you will have caused lots of damage, so if you absolutely HAVE to give up Tatooine, you can do so. Try not to though, as it will be much more difficult to hurt him severely.

RalOPS: Ounee Ta would be nice to put in my deck, but RalOPS is basically dead here, and I think everywhere. They have a slow deck and most likely very few aliens, so you can rescue Han even easier than before. You will be much faster and have massive damage to him, and RalOPS doesn’t have good retrieval, so you can just keep up the damage to knock him off. 

Scum: May seem difficult, but it really isn’t that hard. Their BH ships won’t do much if you have Home One w/ Ackbar there. Your direct damage will hurt them, and retrieval will help a lot. Hidden Weapons might hurt, but your objective here is to drain and Profit/Cap Support damage, so you shouldn’t battle much. 

Endor OPS: They give you an activation boost to help you out, so that’s great.  Most Endor OPS decks are Ominous Rumors/Perimeter Patrol where I play, so don’t go to Endor unless needed.  Hold on Tatooine, and your drains/damage/retrieval will win the day.

Dark Deal: This is where you want to invade him. Overpower 1 site, and that will force him to concentrate his forces. His drains will hurt a bit, but you can out-drain + direct damage him. ONLY go to 1 site. Any more and Tatooine will be weak and he can stomp you there. 

Black Sun: They simply don’t have enough characters to give you a big run for your money. Luke really hurts this deck, and considering I have 4 of him in here, that’s no problem. Won’t be hard (maybe the Dark Surgeon one will be... but I haven’t played it) 

-Dennis   