---
author: Mason "Palleon" Johnson
title: Eternal Darkness
side: Dark
date: 2001-02-21
description: The Hunt Down Deck that putd the opponent in Eternal Darkness, Duels, and Wins.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting(9) 
Hunt Down And Destroy the Jedi / Their Fire Has Gone Out of the Universe. 
Executor: Holotheatre 
Executor: Meditation Chamber 
Epic Duel 
Visage Of The Emperor 
Prepared Defenses 
Mobilization Points 
Imperial Arrest Order 
You Cannot Hide Forever 

Locations(5) 
Death Star: Docking Bay 
Executor: Docking Bay 
Spaceport: Docking Bay 
Cloud City: East Platform (Docking Bay) 
Rendili 

Characters(16) 

Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x2 
Lord Vader x2 
Darth Vader With Lightsaber 
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand x2 
The Emperor x2 
Janus Greejatus x2 
Sim Aloo 
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle 
Grand Admiral Thrawn 
Dengar With Blaster Carbine 
IG-88 With Riot Gun 

Starships(4) 
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth 
Executor 
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 
Chimaera 

Vehicles(2) 
Tempest 1 
Blizzard 2 

Interrupts(14) 
Vader’s Obsession x2 
Force Lightning 
Operational As Planned x2 
The Circle Is Now Complete x2 
Focused Attack x2 
Weapon Levitation 
Twi’lek Advisor 
Omni Box & It’s Worse 
Masterful Move x2 

Effects(7) 
Visage at the Emperor x2 
Search And Destroy 
First Strike 
No Escape 
Secret Plans 
Battle Order 

Weapons(3) 
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber 
Darth Vader’s Lightsaber x2   

Strategy: 

Edit @@@@: Pull out Blizzard 2 for Boba Fett in Slave 1. For more space power. 

What is It?: This deck uses high destiny’s and tracking to decimate your opponent in duels and battles. 

Playing?: You want to get Vader down as soon as possible usally by turn to, if not then on turn three. Get him down to the Death Star: Docking Bay, with his saber to get a nice drain of 2. Once you get Tarkin deploy him with Vader, and if you don’t get Tarkin give Vader someone else to be with. Then get The Emperor, Janus, and Sim down to the exector docking bay for another nice drain of 2. Then get Mara and a friend or two such as Iggy, 4-lom, etc. Get Mara her saber for another drain of 2. When you have these + a drain of one at Rendili and 2 more with Visage and S & D. They will be losing 9 force per turn. This will proabably make them come to you when they come duel and battle. If they still dont come use <> docking Bay and Docking Bay transit to go and duel them. Use your tricks and tracking to help win duels and battles. Duels are not needed to win, but they are very highly recommeded. With these you will have a much higher diferential and without you have a much greater chance of losing, but this deck is all around power, and it wins almost every game if it is played right. 

The Cards?: 

Sim Aloo: Take a look at the top of opponents reserve deck and if it’s good then get rid of it. Great for battles and duels, and adds a drain of 1 with the emperor. Gives Janus a friend. This guy alone can win you the game. 

Janus Greejatus: He’s great, he adds a drain with the Emperor and is a tracking machine with Operatinal as planned. Reclye your high destinies and track them for dueling. If you can get at least 2 high destiny’s tracked them with a focused attack they are dead in a duel. This guy combined with Sim makes Hunt Down all this much better. 

Operational as Planned: It is really used for tracking later in the game. You can track it because it’s a destiny 5, but the best part is using it to track. Track a masterful move, Twi’lek, or Visage. With these three machines combined your are unstoppable. 

Focused Attack: This card is great with an added destiny you can win a duel without even tracking, but it’s even eisier with. It insures you win duels. Can also be used to add to Vader’s power. It can win you games if the opputuity for a duel comes up quick and you don’t have time to track. 

Weapon Lev: can grab you a weapon from your used pile. Can be tracked because a destiny four is much better then a 1 or 2. Can help even more with duels because it can grab their saber so they lose their destiny bonus. Very solid card. Only one though so don’t depend on it, but it is O.K because it is not needed at all to win battles and duels. 

The Emperor: Adds to to attrition which kills insertion planning and it is great in battles. He can use force lightning for an his own people to recycle them and he is all around great. What can I say he does rule the galaxy, he has to ge good. 

Match-ups: 

Vs. Profit: Set up your drains and then send vader down and duel ben, and make them lose nine force + ben is placed out of play. This deck is beginning to fade out, but it is still out their. If luke come down duel him and cross him and make them lose some force of just lose him and make thme lose a ton of force. Use your tricks such as You are beaten, weapon lev., tracking, etc. USe your direct damage and drains. This game sould ge good, but you can win it if you paly right. 

Vs. EBO: I don’t see this much, but I do see a few well build Invade Echo Base with Walkers and cancel Echo Base Operations. You can set up a beatdown in space and use your drains and direct damage to win. Battle Order Kills their drains.  If luke is somewhere on Table go and duel. Tough, but can be done if played right. 

Vs. Watch Your Step: You won’t be dueling obi, so focus on dueling luke and battling them on tatooine. Try to force him to go to space and destoy him their and rain on the ground. Keep the pounding going and don’t let him retrieve with Harvest. Tough, but for some reason not very popular in my area. Secret plans is great against retrival, and I might even add more WYS protection when I go to States, but for now this is just fine. If it is popular in your area just add it in. 

Vs. Mains: Dueling is a huge factor duel whenever possible, and drain. Battle them on the ground, but be careful mains can be tough, but if you track it is easy. If they go to space kill them with the executor, Chimera, Etc. Cancel their destinys and tis game can be won if you play smart. 

Vs. RST: Drain early before they can set up, then come down and battle and duel luke and Obi if possible. Track and use your tricks to win battles and make sure they dont blow up the bunker or flip. These are pretty scarse, but there around. If they try for control of Endor destoy them. Keep the damage coming and you can win. 

Thanks for Reading and Reviewing. 

Hunt Down is dying in some people’s eyes. Show them the true power of the darkside.    