---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "choker" Sorrell
title: ! 'HB Sorrell Style'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-08-07
description: ! 'One of the most solid light side decks out there right now.  Matches up great against some of the more popular dark side decks like hunt down and BHBM.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'START (8)
Hidden Base
[Indicator]
Rendevous Point
Podrace Prep
Podrace Arena
Boonta Eve Podrace
Ani’s Pod
Wise Advice/Do Or Do Not

LOCATIONS (6)
Kessel
Kashyyyk
Sullust
Kiffex
Corulag
Endor

STARSHIPS (13)
X-Wing x11
Lando in Falcon
Spiral

CHARACTERS (4)
Qui-Gon Jinn
Jedi Luke x2
Boussh

WEAPONS (3)
X-Wing Laser Cannon x2
Ani’s Saber

ADMIRALS’S ORDERS(1)
Concentrate All Fire

PURPLE (1)
I Did It

EFFECTS (4)
S-Foils
Rebel Fleet
Legendary Starfighter
Civil Disorder

INTERRUPTS (20)
Organized Attack x3
All WIngs Report In x2
A Step Backward x3
Too Close For Comfort x3
The Signal x2
Hyper Escape
Rebel Barrier x2
Out of Nowhere/Ghhhk
Transmission Terminated/OOC x2
Power Pivot
'

Strategy: '

The Hidden Base X-Wing swarm deck has always had validity in the SWCCG environment.  With the release of Coruscant the deck becomes only more powerful due to the resergence of Hunt Down decks (fueled by the Maul helpers).  This deck is an auto-win against 90% of DS mains decks like Hunt Down or BHBM or any DS land-based deck that plays a limited number of battlegrounds.  With the ability of Boussh and the objective to cancel force drains left and right combined with the retrieval of both podracing and All Wings Report In the odds are stacked for you, the light side

When played right this deck is one of the most solid decks around.  I really don’t have to say much...just play it like the x-wing swarm deck that it is.  Early game get your wings to R. Point for free then move them over to Endor or Sullust for free.  As you dig for x-wings with organized attack and All Wings the destiny becomes simply amazing  Flip only when the opponent really starts putting pressure on you with force drains or when you are completely set up on Kessel and Kiffex for big-time drains.  Activate Legendary Starfighter on the Falcon and make your opponent lost force for Civil Disorder late in the game.  The podrace arena is huge after the race is completed cause you can sit Luke there with his stick or Mr. Qui Gon Jinn, who is immune to attrition and costs only six to deploy on tatooine.

With the retrieval, direct damage potential, and beatdown damage in this deck...you shouldn’t have much problem dismissing some of the most popular dark decks.  This deck is fun to play and relatively easy to operate.  The only real problems come in the form of Maul and heavy DS podracing.  As you all by now know, Maul in space can negate presence real quick.  You have two options.  One, concede the location to Maul and spread you wings for lots of drains, which is easy to do once S-Foils is on the table.  Or two, you can pay the force to put Luke on the Spiral or the Falcon to beat the crap out of Maul’s ship.  Power Pivot is really good in this situation, making the power totals swing even more in your favor (with your ability to reduce a ship’s power to 0).  And as for DS podracing, play your podracing helpers (you’ve got 6 of them) wisely to delay the DS or cancel their podracing interrupts.  This will be a close race in any event, but I have not lost yet to a DS podracing deck primarily because the destiny in this deck is SO high after a couple of turns.  I get to pull X-Wings out of my deck with my interrupts and my systems with my objective, so thje destiny quickly slants to my favor as the game progresses.  Not to mention...the DS almost always gets unlucky with a stacked one destiny, which will almost never happen in this deck.

I Did It becomes amazing when you retrieve a force everyturn for occupying a battleground system.  Just put two and two together.  This deck has solid drain potential, great drain blocking abilities, and a good deal of retrieval.  That’s a little of everything.  Play it, and I promise you won’t be disappointed.  It might not be the best deck out there, but it’s certainly one of the strongest.

Have fun and enjoy  Appreciate any suggestions.

Michael "the Spider Monkey" Sorrell '