---
layout: post
author: ! michael "Deck" Gemme
title: ! "Why I Beat Steven Lewis       ’s Girlfriend   "
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-18
description: ! "This is the Tat Mains deck that me and steebo used at Ramapo, its good."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'START - 3
Combat Readiness
Maul’s Landing Site
Jabba’s Palace Jabba’s Palace

LOCATIONS - 5
jabba’s Entrance Cavern
Jabba’s Ho Chamber
Jabba’s Ho Dungeon
Jabba’s Ho Desposal Unit 
Jabba’s Droid workshop

CHARACTERS - 18
Maul, Darth x4
Vader, Darth DLOTS x2
Vader, Darth Lord 
Jade, Mara
Sing, Aurra x2
Evazan, Dr AKA Rooboo AKA Dr. Cornelius x2
Tarkin, Wilhulf 
Dengar w/ Blaster Carbine
IG88 w/ Riot Gun
Fett, Boba w/ blaster rifle
Xizor, Prince
Guri 

INTERRUPTS - 18
Omni Box/ It’s worse x2
Sniper/ Dark Strike
Twilek Advisor x2
Weapon Levitation x2
I have you now
Sense x5
Alter x2
Elis Helrot x2
You Are Beaten

EFFECTS - 7
You cannot Hide Forever
Disarmed x2
Bad Feeling Have I
First Strike
Blast Door Controls
Secret Plans

WEAPONS - 5
Mara’s Saber
Vader’s Saber x2
Maul’s Saber x2

SHIPS - 4
Flagship Executor
Zuckuss x2 
Bossk

'

Strategy: '

YES that is tarkin’s first name.

Okay so obviously you start Maul’s site with Jabba’s palace and Careful Planning or Combat Readiness whatever it is called.  First turn you wanna drop maul and his saber first turn and move him to JP.  some people are huge idiots when they start the outskirts and the slave quarters, and deploy the outskirts between mauls site and the palace to try and "mess you up" but maul moves free to the outskirts when using his own landspeed so pretty much it give you a drain of three completely free.

After you get maul out and back him up with either aurra or dr E.  you get vader out with tarkin and pull your 1/0 jabbas palace sites.  Save the Audience chamber for last as it will give them less force (one instead of two) and it will allow you to draw up for people like evazan and vader and tarkin and sabers and everything.  Once you get the audience chamber out you deploy mara wiht someone that you didnt use to back up maul.  Personally i like to have vader and tarkin at one of their sites with maul and evazan at the palace and mara with Iggy or something.  

From there you elis around your guys and smack theirs.  You use dr E and disarmed to get rid of quigon if you can.  then you can you are beaten luke after you steal his saber with aurra and cut up whoever is left.  Dengar with gun is obviously the WYS killa with Dr E. 

I dont use the Dr.E / Ponda Baba Combo because it doesnt operate on disarmed characters and thats what makes this deck so sweet.  It really can lay the beats which is nice, and has a little bit of character elimination to really get your opponent to lose off the top of his deck often and mercifully.

One major drawback about this deck is that you only have two drain sites.  Me and steebo made a version of this deck that dealt with this by playing the endor drain site and the hoth drain site, but there is no way to get them out and it sucks to have zeroes floating around in your deck.  there isnt a lot of space but it is enough.  Remember to use maul to drain through WYS in space until they drop melas and then you just smack them.  

The toughest mathcup to play his Hidden Base Flip becuase of the drain site crap and the fact that they can cancel two drains.  I’m not sure if i played Security precautions at ramapo, as im typing the strat up seperately from the deck (the deck is in my car which my sister stole for the night) but that is definitely a card i am going to put in, because probing is balls when you have very little ships.  remember to always probe kashyyyk first

its always kashyyyk

So thank you for checking out this deck, its not the best deck out there but i think its the best tatooine mains version.  Using Expand the Empire is useless because of A. the resurgance of SAC B. Uh Oh cancels it and a lot of people are playing Uh Oh because ETE is sucha money way to get force in one turn.  Other than that i like the deck and it beats other mains decks with ease.

ps steebo obviously made this deck. '