---
layout: post
author: ! Eric "proxy man" Fletcher
title: ! 'Pile of Tech v 1.2'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-01
description: ! 'An example of how to beat the major Dark Side decks by hitting them where they are weakest.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (7)
Main Power Generators
North Ridge
Eco War Room
Eco Docking Bay
Dagobah
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Kiffex

Effects (14)
A New Secret Base
Wise Advice
Aim High
Battle Plan
Ounee Tay
Honor Of The Jedi
Draw Their Fire
Frozen Assets
2x What Are You Trying To Push On Us?
4x Undercover

Interrupts (16)
6x Sense
2x Alter
1x Heading For The Medical Frigate
4x The Signal
1x Choke
1x Yoda Stew & You Do Have Your Moments (also known as traffic control)
1x Clash of Sabers

Starships (3)
Millenium Falcon
Home 1
Tantative IV

Devices (1)
Mercanary Armor

Characters (18)

Spies (8)
Lando w/ Vibrator x2
Lt. Blout
Craken
Jeron Webb
Momaw Naden
Corran Horn
R2-D2

EPP (8)
Obi w/ x2
Luke w/ x2
Leia w/ x2
Han w/ x2

Other (2)
Chewbacca, Protector
Twaas Khaa

'

Strategy: '

Your start and strategy will vary every game, but you have the tools to beat just about any Dark Side deck. 
The most common vulnerabilities (and solutions) are 
They only drain at 2 sites block with undercover spies 
They drain in many places Battle Order 
They use retrival Aim High/Grabber 
They rely on a particular site (docking bay, holotheater, etc.) spy drops down to that site. 
They use Ephant Mon to protect the site Choke 
They use Barriers to defend Sense 
They use Imperial Command to protect against multiple destinies Sense
They play generic sites Ounee Tay 
They like an effect too much Alter 
They are playing a bad deck Mains 
They forgot to put No Escape in their deck Honor of The Jedi


Now, to deal with the counter-strategies employed 
Bubo R2, Lando, and Talon are immune, Momaw can move over during their move phase and snare him on your turn. 
Sniper/Force Lightning/Trample Sense it. 
Anti-Sense stuff Re-flip Hunt Down, you have too many Senses for enemy SAC to stop you. 
TINT/OE Don’t Sense everything, but don’t be afraid to Sense the important stuff. (Honor can help)
Anything else? Let me ask you a question. How many anti-spy cards do you have, 2? How many spies + Senses do I have, 11? Whos gonna win? 
Barrier/None Shall Pass/YAB/Projective Telepathy Sense. Grab. Thank you. 
Gyyyk Frozen/Draw (Sense the Alter) 


Now that the tech is out of the way, heres how to play the deck. 
Start MPG + NR. Your starting effects depends on the deck. As a default, start ANSB. 
As you get out your sites, pull Kiffex last. This is your drain location, just drain there the entire game, and use
Undercover Spies/Beatdown/Surgical Strikes to disrupt your opponent. 
Sense+Grab+Weapons will ruin most decks. 
Note If you do not start Wise Advice, get it out VERY quickly. You need it. Conversely if you dont start ANSB. I really wish I could start both. 

Heres the starts against, and weak spots of, the main decks 

BHBM 
Start ANSB. 
Use Spies to beat on Empy. (Sense Force Lightning)
They will have only a couple sites, Undercover or Beatdown them. 
Suicide Luke is quite good.

Hunt Down 
Start ANSB 
Use a spy to cancel Vissage, fortify the site to prevent a reoccurrance. 
Dont be afraid of Duels, just Sense them, or draw some tracked stuff (you do have sabers) 
Also, they wont drain very widespread, so your Undercover tech should keep you alive. 

Dark Deal 
Start ANSB 
Use Undercover Spies to block his drains, beatdown on weak groups, etc. Battle Order will help.

Ties 
Start Wise Advice, Aim High, Battle Plan 
Grab stuff, Spy in ship to Wee, Alter. Drain at the North Ridge. 
Take one system, Sense All Power To Weapons when provide a power bonus. Use your characters as forfeit fodder if neccessary.


SYCFA (Prodigy or either parent, or Ties) 
Start Wise Advice, Aim High, Battle Plan
Grab his retrival interrupts, Alter Scum, play against the Ties. 
Sense will be a beating. 


Big Blue 
Start Wise Advice, Battle Plan, and Draw Their Fire
Avoid space unless you can Alter the Lat. Dam. (Dont deploy Kiffex) 
Use "superFalcon" with Sense protection. Grab Imperial Command.

Ops (including Raltirr)
Start Wise Advice, Battle Plan, Ounee Tay. 
Extend your hand for his concession. Ounee Tay is a huge beating. Battle plan stops crazy draining. (Dont deploy Kiffex) 

Endor Biker Ops 
Start ANSB 
Sense Reacts, Interrupts, grab High Speed Tactics. Tough game. If he doesnt have alot of sites, Undercover folk can do wonders. 

Court
Start ANSB 
Sense, grab, drop Ounee Tay to slow None Shall Pass (plus you have Aliens) 
Dont try to go Undercover without multiple Sense backup (Hutt smooch, Sniper, etc.) 
Slash Jabba and Alter Scum. 


MKOS
Start ANSB
Let him deploy, then "be the beatdown". Swarms can be cut down to size by choking the rep.

Vengence of the Dark Prince
Start ANSB (for fast activation, so that you can...)
Get out Draw/Frozen, and deliver the smaketh down on the Dark Prince.
Then battle him into submission(don’t deploy Kiffex)

If I missed a deck, let me know. 

One final thought. If you drop an Undercover Spy, your opponent might abandon that site as lost, and not reinforce. If so, show him the error of his ways with a resounding SMAK 

Nice trick deploy some scrub, then deploy Mercenary Armor, and drop the rest of your crew without fear of Barrior (or you can just Sense)

proxy man 
'