---
layout: post
author: ! Norman "Norman" Horn
title: ! "Cogito Ergo Supero"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-03
description: ! 'Latin for "I think therefore I win."  A MWYHL Test 2 deck with destiny-6 recyclers for Edges and winning battles.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can

Locations (7)
Dagobah
Dagobah Jungle
Dagobah Training Area
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Home One DB
Tatooine DB
Cloud City DB

Characters (16)
2x Ben Kenobi
Obi-Wan with Saber
2x Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Luke with Saber
Captain Han Solo
Han with Heavy Blaster
Daughter of Skywalker
Lando with Boo-ya Ax
Boshek
Melas
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Wedge Antilles
Yoda

Weapons (2)
Anakin’s Saber
Obi-Wan’s Saber

Starships (4)
Millenium Falcon
Home One
Liberty
Spiral

Effects (8)
Insurrection (starting)
Staging Areas (starting)
Wise Advice (starting)
Lightsaber Proficiency
Launching the Assault
Order to Engage
Bacta Tank
Traffic Control

Interrupts (20)
Heading for the Medical Frigate
2x Throw Me Another Charge
2x Fall of the Legend
2x On the Edge
2x Off the Edge
Weapon Levitation
Clash of Sabers
Gift of the Mentor
2x Rebel Barrier
2x Fallen Portal
2x Transmission Terminated
Courage of a Skywalker
Glancing Blow

Jedi Tests (2)
Great Warrior
A Jedi’s Strength '

Strategy: '

****** REVISIONS ********

Switch out Bacta Tank for The Signal

I guess I should mention that the title is a modification of the famous philosopher Descartes’ phrase ”Cogito ergo sum,” which means ”I think therefore I am.”  At the time, he wanted to find purely logical means to prove that he himself existed and was not an illusion by any means.  He reasoned that because he doubted, that meant he was thinking.  Because he was thinking, he knew he had to exist.  There’s a lot more information about this than I have time to write, so I’ll leave it at this.

************************
Review Responses -
Sir Yoda - thanks
Bounty22 - No, I don’t think the saber slots could be any better used than what they are.  Ben Kenobi is the machine man.
HuntaWarya - You are right, it does not suck.
Mikey P - Lightsaber Proficiency does help against non-Epic Circles.
The Rattler - Good suggestion for the Barrier, but Glancing Blow needs to stay in.

Well, well, well.  Norman here for your deck reading pleasure	Thank you for your time, and PLEASE read the strategy completely.  I also ask that you give concrete suggestions with actual card replacements and such.

This deck is MWYHL Test 2.  A major advantage from the last generation from Test 2 was the inclusion of Heading for the Medical Frigate.  I also have included Edge retrieval and heavy M&T coverage.

BIG NOTE-- This deck was built to take on the big decks in my area, particularly Hunt Down, BHBM, Court, MKOS, and other M&T Dark decks.

The way it works is relatively simple because it works similarly against most decks.  You always start Insurrection, Staging Areas, and Wise Advice.

Early Game On the first turn you deploy Yoda’s Hut, Yoda, and Home One DB.  Second turn, deploy Training Area, another DB, take Jedi Test 1, and Hopefully deploy an apprentice.  Complete the Jedi Tests while setting up a nice force at a docking bay, hopefully with ol’Ben and Jedi Luke.  You’ll need to determine whether their focus is space or land.  An early character at the H1DB is nice.

-- NOTE -- CHOOSING AN APPRENTICE --
You have 2 options for your apprentice Daughter or an ability 4 character.  It all depends on what is in your hand, what you see in your reservem, and what type of deck your opponent is playing.  Check your hand first.  Unless I need characters fast, I very probably would use Boshek or Melas as an apprentice.  I like saving Tawss and Orrimaarko for ground assault, but if the situation calls for it I could use them.  If you have no ability 4 guys or Tawss or Orri, check your reserve deck for Daughter.  Your choice then depend on the third question, what the opponent is playing.  If you are in dire need of completing JT1 fast (aka Court, ISB, EOps, Ops) you might just want to go for Daughter or the Tawss/Orri.	If not, you can be patient for a minute.  For me, I usually end up using Boshek, Melas, or Daughter.  Oh, if you’re playing against a heavy Space deck, you’ll definitely want to go for Daughter or maybe Tawss.

Mid-Game Set up your Edge retrival and track your 6’s.  If Grabbers make an appearance, use Traffic Control to pull it all off.	It’ll take longer, but it’s worth it.  Hopefully they will come to you first to battle so Fallen Portal and Rebel Barrier becomes key.  After the first battle, then clash Vader or somebody big and beat the the living daylights out of them.  With your high destinies Lando with his insane Boo-ya Ax becomes a monster.  Yoda helps out by subtracting from their attrition (life-saver).  Get your ships together and ready for deployment.

Late/End Game Retrieval is what will win you the game.  Deal them the damage with Order to Engage and get that extra drain out of Lightsaber Proficiency.  Tracking becomes even easier when there aren’t as many cards in your reserve.

-Card Choices-
Characters - Good assortment of M&T characters and ability 4 characters.  Wedge is in as a pilot for space and high forfeit fodder man.  BK is the best choice for this deck because of the reviving power.  I like using the combination of 2 non-Epps, 1 Epp, and 1 saber for Luke and Ben because of the card conservation and efficiency.  The 2 different Hans is good for space, and the good Captain can also deploy to CC if necessary.

Starships - I orginally had 5 starships, but I took out one in favor of a Launching the Assault.  Pulling the Home 1 is awesome and you also get the bonus drain when you get the pilot on it.	BTW, if you have to run to Dagobah to avoid dying, you can still get pilots to H1 by deploying to the H1DB and moving.	Just a quick note...

Effects - Simple starting effects.  Launching has already been explained.  Lightsaber Proficiency is awesome on Obi-Wan with saber it prevents a Circle, and it turns Ben Kenobi JK Luke into a powerhouse.  OTE is an obvious choice.	Traffic Control is for tracking.

Interrupts - Almost everything is self explanatory.  The choices were pretty much automatic.  Gift of the Mentor was a good choice because of the Saber searching and extra destinies.	Fallen Portal is just brutal.  Rebel Barriers are always good.	Clash is unexpected but a game-breaker.  2 TT’s and 2 Duelers are in, but if HD isn’t big in your area they are expendable.  Don’t forget though, that Glancing reduces Vader’s power and Courage can be used to increase Luke’s or Daughter’s power.  Courage can also be used to bump out Vader in a Circle. Weapon Levitation is killer against Mara and Lord Vader.  And then the Edges and Trackers are obvious...

And now.... the MATCHUPS

Hunt Down - Start regular, but don’t deploy too quickly.	Wait until you’re ready with a duel card and sabers and such.  Don’t be too afraid though, because your desinies tend to be high.  Work on getting them to come to you.  Cancel Visage and you’ll be set.

BHBM - Give them Luke when necessary, and get out Ben + Saber/Proficiency as soon as you can to take out the threat of Circle.	Your retrieval and battle capability, among other things, will do them in.  If you can take out the Emperor, do it.  Hard game but it’ll work.

MKOS - Sit at the docking bays and let them come to you.  They won’t be able to hold out forever with your retrieval since their drains are next to gone at JP.  Watch out for Sandwhirls, when they come to you, Clash and Boo-ya Ax them into submission.  Your game winners will be Fallen Portal, OTE, and Tests.  Watch out for heavy Scum Retrieval decks.

Court - Pretty much the same as MKOS...

ISB - Hard game, cuz they’ll be hurting your drains and retrieving a good bit.  Luckily your sabers will come in handy and JT1 will work wonders.  OTE will be big.  Conserve your characters carefully.	Hopefully your retrieval combined with OTE and drains and battling will seize the day.

Prodigy - Uhh, yeah.  They will barely drain, won’t win battles, I doubt they’ll hold out for that long.  Deploy Home One to Alderaan and go to D* for the extra drain.

TIE’s - Work with the Falcon and Home One to seize the day.  If it’s popular in your area, play Aim High or Grabbers.  However, it isn’t popular here, so oh well.

EOps - JT1 will hurt them bad.	If they’re playing no Endor sites but Landing Platform and Bunker, don’t go to them until necessary (or when you get OTE).	Let your drains and retrieval do the work.  Your activation should allow for a few transits from Endor DB.

Card Options - Signal could be changed.  If every deck in your meta uses Blast Door Controls, the Barriers could be taken out.	You might be able to use Lando in Falcon and more Clashes instead of Lando with Ax.  Then you could use only EPP Han.  Proficiency is optional, but it REALLY does help.  It looks weak, but it works wonders.	Trust me, it is killer.  I’m interested in taking out Wedge and something else for Ackbar and Haashn.  Any ideas?  Other comments are welcome, as always.

Keep in mind that when Reflections 2 comes out this deck WILL get revamped.  Corran Horn will come in, and Han won’t be as big.  Lando will probably change into Lando with Falcon, and more clashes will be added.  We might even see Leia with Blasters instead of Daughter.

Test 2 is a great deck and works like a charm against lots of decks, particularly M&T decks.  If you decide to play this deck, tailor it to your own tastes and desires and try different things.  I appreciate all insight and comments you have.

God bless,
~Norman Horn   '