---
layout: post
author: ! Justin "H2O" Desai
title: ! "H2O’s Beats in his pants"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-26
description: ! 'The beast has returned, and so has sac...beware.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Start(8)
BHBM
throne room
2x effects taht start with bhbm
iao
m piiunts
p defences
you cannot hide

Locations(5)
ds 2 docking bay
cc docking bay
carida
2x hoth war room


Characters(16)
2x emperor palpy
3x lord vader
dvdlots
janus
2x mara
xizor
thrawn
m jabba
sim aloo
dre/ponda
Guri
Kir kanos


weapons(3)
2x vader’s saber
mara’s saber

ships(6)
fett in s1
bossk in ht
zimh
chimera
xizor’s ship
flagship exe

effects(6)
search and detroy
battle plan
l damage
2x Responsibilty of command
2x Much annger in him


interupts(16)
5x sence/recoil in fear 
sense
2x alter
2x force lightening
twilek
2x cirlce is now complete
3x barrier






'

Strategy: '

Ok well here it is, the best dark side deck out there right now.
Inspired by Matt Sokal’s Beast that got him to day 3, everyone thought that this deck was dead when sac "died", however the sense combo card makes setting up the beast evr so easy.
 The plan is simple, do the usual BHBM thing early on, draw for the beast combo, when they drop a character, barrier it and throw something in front of it and set up the beast.
If you’re playing against mains, just roc/maih obi or someone on the super falcon(the combo works in space) and watch ’em lose 4 force a turn...if they try to kill their own dude by on the egdging him or pathing him, just sense it and lose the 2 force, no matter what, keep the combo on the table.
the sense combo card lets you get the beats going super fast and protects it once you’ve got it going.

The character selection is decent enough to hold 2 battle grounds considering they’ll be playing without luke(captured) and one of theitr other mains (roc’d).
The 6 ships assures you can get in front of their drain of 3 at kessel if you’re playing against dagobah or wys.

Matchups

HB mains...absolutely wrecks HB mains, they’ll put stuff down somewhat early, when they do just cpture luke and roc ben...game set and match, sense their key interupts and just lose the 2 force.
should win by 20-30 everytime.  Mad tech when playing against this
If you roc ben, and they have another dude with ben, get vader and a bunch of other high power characters in front of ben, cirlce ben,(now you can battle) and beat up on the scrub to end the game)

Dagobah...Roc/Maih the falcon, sense their edges...alter OTE(importanat)
Shouln’t be that hard to win, set up search and destroy early.

Any other kind of mains deck...Roc their ben or super falcon(whichever is more importnt to their deck), capture luke and out battle the rest of their guys.

EBO...toughest matchup, use you 6 ships to wreak havoc, your ships have the potential to be wrecking crews since if you set it up right, you can be drawing 4-5 destinies in space battles(IE xizor on his ship, m jabba as a passanger, thrwn on a SD, bossk in bus) this may sound hard to set up but it ain’t, since you got 5 recoil in fears.
Roc won’t be tthat important in this game but you may be able to give them some force loss for it.  Shoudl be able to pull this one out.

Xwing swarm....set up search and destroy, draw for your fleet, set up a big space battle where you have multiple destines, sense their organized attack and watch them lose like 5 xwings per battle.
easy win

speedrers or chandra fan swarm...hardest matchup...very hard to win.  Try to out battle them but is hard...however, you have one advantage, NO ONE PLAYS THIS

WYS
wrecks it liek a poor kitten, you get mad drains on teh ground and they can’t drain at kessel cuz you roc’d em...win by 35 every time.

Everything it else it handles with ease...any questions dmail me...this thing ROCKS '