---
layout: post
author: ! Greg "Booch" Buccini
title: ! "Leia was an exceptional student   "
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-06
description: ! "Jedi test deck, testing Daughter to 6."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(6)
Mind What You Have Learned/Shave You It Can
Dagobah
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Wise Advice
Twilight Is Upon Us
The Way Of Things
Jedi Tests(6)
All 6 of em.
Locations(6)
Dagobah Training Area
Dagobah Jungle
Dagobah Swamp
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Tatooine
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Characters(11)
Yoda
Daughter of Skywalker
Leia w/ Gun
Lando w/ Chopper
Luke w/ Stick
Master Luke
Obi w/ Stick
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Han (yeah, just old Han)
Han w/ Gun
Orrimaarko
Starships(3)
Artoo in Red 5
Millennium Falcon x2
Interrupts(13)
Lost In The Wilderness
Fallen Portal
Star Destroyer
NOOOOOOOOOOOO
Anakin Skywalker
The Force Is Strong With This One
Courage Of A Skywalker
The Signal x2
Alter x2
Sense x2
Effects(10)
Honor Of The Jedi
Aim High
Reflection
Disarmed
Traffic Control
Yoda’s Hope
What’re You Trying To Push On Us? x2
Projection Of A Skywalker x2
Devices(2)
Bionic Hand
Lukes Backpack
Weapons(3)
Obi’s Stick
Luke’s Stick
Anakin’s Stick
'

Strategy: '

First off This is attempt one at this deck, please send LOTS of constructive critisism as I need help with it.

That being said, I suppose I should look at the list and say stuff about it.

Starting is simple, if your opponent gives you no force, drop the training ground, get test 1 and get Yoda.  Next drop Yoda’s house and throw Daughter out there (getting tests 2 and 3 on opponents and your turn) also toss out Yoda’s house for activation.  You also want to get out Yoda’s Hope and Luke’s Pack at this point.  Time to start testing Leia.
Next turn you should be holding test 4 and 5 by the time you activate, test Leia (should pass test 1 handily).	Search your deck for the Swamp, if the swamp isn’t there, grab the Jungle and put it on the opposite side of the training ground from Yoda’s house.  Place test 2 on the swamp and move to it wherever it is after your opponent moves it.
Next turn you should be able to pass test 2 (I usually get a bad draw at this point... hopefully shouldn’t though).  Fetch the Jungle outta reserve (swamp if Jungle grabbed last turn, Swamp should be between Jungle and Training Ground) and drop test 3 (completed due to the way of things), Place test 4 on the Swamp and move over to it (if you have to).
I find that you should start drawing up at some point, find your Traffic Control and start stacking destiny’s, as I usually fail test 4 the first time (miserably).  Also having Reflection on Leia helps at one point or another (should be able to get it with the signal).  When Leia has finished test 4 you want to place test 5 on the training ground and move to it (then you can get Yoda back home).  Track Artoo in Red 5 for test 5 as it is just the greatest (You really needed to be told that, right?).  At any rate, hopefully this deck will engineer a turn 5-6 flip (that’s what I try for... still need some help).  I will enjoy any feedback people have, I haven’t tested this deck yet.  So I won’t list matchups or anything like that, I will just BEG FOR ADVICE.

Thanks for your time '