---
layout: post
author: ! Kimberly "Arwen Even*" Caton
title: ! "Scummy Agents"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-03
description: ! 'My current version of ISB.  Ive been playing it long enough, though, that Ive stopped surprising people, so I may as well post it.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (6)

ISB Operations
Coruscant Imperial Square
Prepared Defenses
No Bargain
Power of the Hutt
There Is No Try / Oppressive Enforce...

Locations (6)

Tatooine
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace x3
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba’s Palace Lower Passages

Characters (19)

Jabba
Ephant Mon
IG-88 W/ Riot Gun
4-LOM W/ Concussion Rifle
Boelo
Gailid
Dr. Evazan / Ponda Boba
Arica
Boba Fett W/ Blaster Rifle
Chall Beken
Outer Rim Scout x6
5D6-RA7
Prince Xixor
Guri 

Starships (4)

Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Dengar in Punishing One
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Jabba’s Space Cruiser

Weapons (1)
Dr. Evazan’s Sawed-Off Blaster

Effects (12)

Scum and Villany x2
There’ll Be Hell to Pay x2
Search and Destroy
First Strike
Resistance
Hutt Influence
Den of Thieves
Secret Plans
Tatooine Occupation
Blast Door Controls

Interrupts (12)

Ghhhk
Ghhhk / Those Rebels Won’t... x2
Abyssin Ornament x2
None Shall Pass x2
Twi’lek Advisor x2
Nevar Yalnal
Point Man
Endor Occupation 
'

Strategy: '

Ahhh, ISB... the mother of us all... or not.

Here’s how it works.  My control phase, drain 3 (the palace), drain 3 (the audience chamber), drain 3 (the lower passages)... deploy an ORS, battle, I retrieve 3, you lose 1, I Ghhhk, I retrieve my ORS, your turn.  Go.  After you activate 1, I Abyssin for the ORS I just retrieved, cancel your drain w/ Den of Thieves, and use him to battle with next turn.

Well, that’s how it works if they have too much ground power for me to wipe out completely.  Otherwise I just drain for more and kill you with Search and Destroy.  

Granted, I have to draw up for the Palace, but I have three and usually get it in the first turn or two.  Jabba, Scum, and Chall make my deploy -3 at the chamber, so I don’t need much activation.

vs. Hidden Base - my drains can’t be cancelled and I can pull JSC with Power of the Hutt.  It costs me 4 force to drop it with 2 forfeit-5 ORS, power 11.  Bring out my other ships, drop, battle, retrieve, retrieve the ships next turn, cancel the Kessel drain (which is the big one) with Den.

vs. MWYHL - slows me down and sometimes doesn’t give me anyplace to battle, but three ground drains of one and S&D will do the job.  If I can hold tatooine, that’s another drain and an Occupation.

vs. Watch Your Step and Profit - ha. hahaha. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA.  Step smugglers can get into the palace and do... what, exactly?  My ORS are forfeit 6.  You can’t drain me at the Passages if you manage to hold it (in fact, please do... it’s another place to send a kamikaze ORS), my Chamber is too pumped for you to do anything... Profit will NEVER free Han and I have Point Man for the Bo Shuda / OtE combo, and if you spread out to maximize the occupation damage I’ll be retrieving three from each site.

vs. Mains on Another Planet - -1 to all your drains and battlegrounds for me to retrieve.  Woo hoo

This deck has lost twice since I started playing it a few month ago... once because I accidentally forfeited the last agent on Tatooine instead of somethign else without realizing it (his drains got a lot bigger) and once because I forgot that Arica at a JP site nullifies No Bargain and None Shall Pass... ouch, please, no more mains...oh god, not another one...

Hmmm, someone slammed me with a rather illiterate review but I think I got the gist of it.  For anyone who was interested, I’ll explain the odd card choices I make.  Gailid is in the deck.  Tatooine is in there to satisfy an opponent’s Battle Plan when a fortified Kessel is the only eligible system on the table, so I can build up.  And it’s beaten several WYS decks, both ground- and space- themed.  I only play one exterior site (that’s all i need to make the deck work) so the barge and the walkers are pointless.  And the Hidden Weapons thing is fun, I used to play them but I took them out because I didn’t NEED them.  Thanks for the feedback, everybody
'