---
author: Heraclio "Morgoth" Sanchez
title: Niktmare
side: Dark
date: 2001-01-05
description: Funny MKOS using Niktos
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Obj.(1)
MKOS (Rep. Vizam)

Starting(7)
Tatooine: Desert Heart
Tatooine: Jabbas Palace
Well Guarded
Prep. Defenses
No Bargain
Oppresive Enforcement
Power of the Hutt

Locations(3)
Audience Chamber
Lower Passages
Tatooine: Jundland Wastes


Characters(21)
Jabba
Mighty Jabba
Boelo
Ephant Mon
Chall Bekan
Gailid
Mosep
Cloud City Engineer
Nikto x8
Bib Fortuna
Mercenary Pilot x2
Vizam
Boba with Blaster

Starships(1)
Jabbas Space Cruiser

Vehicles(3)
Skiff x2
Jabbas Sail Barge

Weapons(3)
Antipersonnel Cannon x2
Double Laser Cannon

Creatures(1)
Bubo

Effects(10)
Resistance
Scum and Villany
Expand The Empire
Ability, Ability, Ability
Therell be hell to pay x2
Hutt Influence
Den of Thieves
Search & Destroy
Security Precautions

Interrupts(10)
Control x2
None Shall Pass x2
Abyssin Ornament x2
Wounded Wookie x2
Twilek Adv. X2


Strategy: 

Strategy
Heres a tricky deck. Its not the ultime power of all tournaments but should do fine anywhere. Surprise is one of its main weapons.

It usually takes a straight forward strategy. You do your thing as fast as you can and go on draining. Then wait for your opponent and react. Gailid and Mosep are a deadly combo (specially if opponent likes drawing too many cards) and once youve got Bib on table (pretty easy) Niktos will react to battles (at very cheap prize!)

You should not go too far away Jabbas home since there resides your strengh. Anyway LS decks have got a special attraction for this place so they will come to you (great!).

Here are your enemies:
VS Profit: Deploy M. Jabba and Chall (and take the Engineer to hand). Convert Jabbas Palace and get Audience Chamber. You can take almost anything you need really fast. Look Ability, he cannot deploy every single turn. Dont forget Bib and Niktos reacting. Funny win

VS TIGIH: If he comes to fight hes dead. If  he stays and tries to drain hes dead. Easy win.

VS HB (X-Wing swarm): spread all over Tatooine and drain as much as possible. Make sure you can avoid a beatdown (reacting is nice). Your skiffs will help a ton outside Jabbas house. Sec. Once youve got Hutt Influence youre on the right way. Try and get Sec. Prec and S&D as fast as you can. If necessary get Jabba to space and probe. You win.

VS Hidden Mains: I love fighting mains. Reacting is cool  and Wounded Wookie is a must! You can take your Niktos from lost pile so you can take serious damage and take your happy aliens back. Play carefully and win.

VS EBO: One word: Resistance. Let S&D, Gailid and Mosep do their job. Win

VS MWYHL: same as above but try to grab On/Off the Edge. Take care.

VS Agents: Great fun. Inside the Palace you can beat them (thanks Bubo!) and outside your Skiffs (and weapons) will make the difference.

VS Speeders: Double Laser Cannon will break their souls. Try to Control their Sandwhirls and youll be safe.

Please let me know any disadvantages you find. And remember I would not take it to a tournament but it can win almost anyone. Thanks!
