---
layout: post
author: Kyle "Meto" Krueger
title: 'Throne Room mains, Dark Side'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-11-28
description: ! 'I posted this deck a few weeks ago, but only got 4 reviews, so I am reposting with a few changes.'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'Cards Starting(6+10 shields) 
Fear is my ally 
D2Throne Room 
Prepared Defenses 
Oppressive Enforcement 
YCHF & Mob. Points 
First Strike 

Locations(5) 
Carida 
D2DB 
Imperial Holotable
CCDB 
EndorDb 

Characters(14) 
Emperor Palpatine x3 
Darth Vader 
DV, DLotS 
Darth Maul 
Darth Maul, YA 
Mara Jade 
Nute Gunray 
Dr. E & PB 
P-59 
P-60
Janus Greejatus 
IG-88 w/gun

Weapons(2) 
Maul&#8217;s Double Stick 
Mara&#8217;s Stick 

Vehicles(5) 
Blizzard 4 
Blizzard Scout 1 
Tempest Scout 3 
Tempest Scout 4 
Tempest Scout 6 

Starships(5) 
Dreadnaught x4 
Zuckass in MH 

Interrupts(13) 
Masterful Move
Masterful Move combo
Omni Box combo x2 
Imperial Barrier x2 
Overload 
Weapon Lev. 
Force Field 
Trample x2 
Force Lightning 
Nevar Yalnal 

Effects(6) 
S & D 
Sec Prec 
Imperial Arrest Order 
Emperor&#8217;s Power 
The Phantom Menace x2 

Admiral&#8217;s Orders(3) 
Battle Deployment x2 
Fighter Cover 

Podracer(1) 
Sebulba&#8217;s  
'

Strategy: '

*Update 2*
If they start DDTA, it might affect me, but if not I don’t keep it the table long enough to be negativley effected.  Besides that, this deck has no problem occupying a battleground system.
*End Update*

*Update*
I will not take out the podracer because the shield requires it.  I do not want to add any more destiny ones unless I can pull them.  i still have to face hidden base x-wing swarm.  I don’t need guri and ship, but I will consider just adding guri. I explained why I don’t use the objective.
*End update*
Please read the strat before reviewing. 
I would prefer real reviews, not something that you copied and pasted.
I want your honest opinion of the deck, please tell me how you think it is weak, or what you think should be different. 

Overview
Get the Emperor to his Throne ASAP. 
Beatdown whatever your opponent lets you. 
Play reactively until late game. 
During late game, opponent should not have many characters left, so drain with whatever you have. 

Before you activate Take Carida into hand with 
Mob Points, take emp’s power w/Throne room, and lose YCHF for Imperial Arrest Order. 

Turn One
Activate your force. If you have a masterful move in hand, then play it to get the table. If not, use imperial arrest order to get a DB.  While looking for a DB, check to see what is in your force pile.  You want your destiny 1’s in your hand asap, and you want to get the table out. Only draw if their are cards that will be useful early on.

Matchups 
WYS Do not let them have Kessel. Set up in the cantina. Get battle deployment down to prevent beatdowns. Take over space with your impressive fleet. Track a phantom menace and trample Jedi Luke. Make sure to deploy dreadnaughts in pairs. Not a very tough game because most smugglers are easily trampled, and emperor’s power kills in space. 

HBX Auto win. Ask the Wash. State Champ. 

RST Don’t let them have the bunker (duh). Take thier system. Set up fighter cover. Your characters w/immunity are now more immune and hit stuff easier. Like WYS, trampling is usually easy most of the time. 

Profit Probably your toughest match-up. Deploy Doc E and Mara to the chamber. They usually don’t have space, so take advantage of it. Trample whatever he puts outside. , if possible. This match-up is about out-playing your opponent. 

QMC I have not played many of these, but they usually have a modest fleet.  You should be able to handle it.  Be careful on the ground because of all those stupid teleport cards. Your walkers will not have many options.

Card-choices 
No objective BHBM makes this deck suck. They either throw Luke at you over and over or you are losing a force on your turn. 

first strike This deck initiates a lot of battles. 

Nute Gunray ability 4, forfeit 6, destiny 3 all for three force. With Emperor’s power he is an excellent kamikaze. 

IG-88  A very nice kamikaze also.  He is even better, because he can’t barrier and beat me down. If you track a 7 for capturing, he is even better.

Cards that I would like to fit in
Dengar with gun I hate speeders
Maul Strikes I don’t have any, or it would be in.
Vader’s stick I don’t think that it is worth it w/out Maul Strikes.    '