---
layout: post
author: ! Philip "WorldChamp" Marschall
title: ! 'RTP done RIGHT Aka Im NOT Brian Hunter Aka Im a Survivor'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-10-02
description: ! 'This deck wins through battle damage, drains, and retrieval. RTP is a meta choice cuz pepl here are playing Hunt Down and BHBM. What Im playing at TrinoCon next weekend.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

' 
Start (11)
RTP/You Suck Han
Massassi War Room
Yavin 4 DB
DDB
D Detention Corridor
Prison 2187
Podrace Arena
Boonta Eve Race
Ani&#8217;s Racer
Staging Areas
Podrace Prep

Characters (21)
Leia w/Gun
Jedi Luke x3
Cap&#8217;n Han
Han w/Gun
Chewie Protector
Chewie w/Gun
Obi w/Stick x2
Tat. Qui-Gon x2
Lando w/Ax
Corran
Palace Raider x2
8D8 x2
Bothan Spy x2

Ships & Vehicles (6)
Falcon x2
Patrol Craft x2
Lift Tube x2

Interrupts (16)
I&#8217;m Here to Rescue You x2
Don&#8217;t Get @#$%y
Rug Hug
Life Debt
Skywalkers x2
Protector
GoTM  x2
Step x3
TCFC x2
Neck & Neck
Effects (3)
Death Star Plans x2
Cell 2187

Weapons (2)
Luke&#8217;s Stick
Qui-Gon&#8217;s Stick

Epic Events (1)
I Did It
'

Strategy: '

UPDATE NUMBER 2 THANK YOU SO MUCH whoever (i forgot name) pointed out it places everyone OOP Dood thats fricking awesome It wrecks Watto, Maul, and anything else (not that we see any of those here) 


UPDATE I only have 56 cards in this deck Anyway, Echo Base Garrison is definetely going in. Artoo is also. I’m not sure about the other two. I know I need two locations, but I’m not sure which. The Jedi Council Chamber would be good for activation, but can be infiltrated for a 3 for three. Maybe I could use Dagobah and Yoda’s Hut, but then I wouldn’t drain for more. I was thinking about Cantina and Council Chamber. Anyway, in response to reviews, I start Staging Areas because the activation is critical, and Echo Base Garrison wouldn’t help that. Anyway, thanks for your help in reviewing, and much thanks goes to Lewis for pointing out I only had 57, so I could count and find 56. 


Please don’t bust this deck down because it’s RTP. This deck should be very good for my area for a couple of reasons. First of all, a lot of the really good people are playing Hunt Down, BHBM, or other decks that require lots of one character. I know RTP only place Imps OOP, but still, that’s pretty good. Plus attrition is +2 and Leia adds a destiny in battle, and most of my mains add destiny with others, so I can get rid of most of anybody. This deck wins with its retrieval. The race, I Did It, releasing Leia, and Death Star Plans  certainly qualifies as a lot of retrieval. The main point of this deck is to get mains on the ground and battle a whole lot. If they are playing cheese, they most likely will have Palpy and Tech Mor at the Holotheatre, and with all of your spies and mains, you can do a LOT of damage against them. 
Early Game Try to win the race and save the babe as quickly as you can. Get mains out on the ground and start draining. You should be giving yourself 9 force a turn plus theirs. If they try to resist you keep battling them till their guys die. 
Mid-Game Keep getting characters out to reinforce your drains. They aren’t very much in this deck so each and every one is important. If they have made you lose lots of force already, set up a Death Star Plans for +15 force. Your battling, steady draining, and retrieving should have killed them by now. If not, proceed to the….
End-Game Here is where you should win if you haven’t already. Just keep on draining, and if necessary, set up another +15 force Death Star Plans. Do this anyway just to increase differential. Anyway, win.
Post-Game Clean up your cards and report your win of 30 to the TD.

VS. A space deck there are minor changes to the strategy. Keep Qui-Gon, the Raiders, and some other non-pilot pepl on the ground to drain. Put Cap’n Han, Chewie, and Luke in the Falcon to make it the Super Falcon. If Leia has died put her there too. Attack in one big battle with multiple destinies and clear them off of a system and hopefully do a lot of damage. Hopefully it is a big drain site, but if it is too heavily guarded go for a smaller place. Use your retrieval, small drains, and battle damage to win this game.

Sorry this has been such a short strategy section but I typed it up before and it got deleted. Basically you want to drain, battle and retrieve on the ground against most decks, but beat them up in space against some. Thanks for reading, 
The future world champ, Philip

'