---
author: Stephen "Texan" Beckham
title: 'High Destinty/Count Hunt Down Dueling'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-24
description: 'This is a serious anti WYS deck.  Why did I focus on it alone?  Well because dueling will be hard against them so you need to outplay in the other fields.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (9)
Hunt Down
Epic Duel
Visage of Emperor
Executor: Med Chamber
Executor: Holotheater
Prepared Defenses
IAO
Mob Points
Crush the Rebellion

Locations (5) 
Carida 
Executor: Docking Bay 
Death Star: DB
Cloud City: DB
Cloud City: Downtown Plaza

Characters (16)
Lord Vader x 2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x2
Darth Vader
Grand Moff Tarkin x 2
Mara Jade x 2
Sim Aloo
Dengar with Blaster Carbine
Emperor Palpatine 
IG88 w/ gun 
Lieutenant Arnet
4Lom w/gun
Guri

Starships (4) 
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter 
Chimaera
Bossk in Hounds Tooth 
Boba Fett in Slave 1

Weapons (3) 
Vader’s Lightsaber x 2
Mara&#8217;s Stick 

Interrupts (15) 
Vader&#8217;s Obcession x 3
The Circle is Now Complete
Focused Attack
Sniper/Dark Strife 
Twi&#8217;lek Advisor x 2
Masterful Move x 2
HoloNet Transmission
This is Some Rescue
Evader & Monnok
Endor Occupation
Ommni Box & It&#8217;s Worse

Effects (8) 
Secret Plans
Reactor Terminal
What&#8217;re You Trying to Push On Us
Resistance
Visage of the Emperor x2
Search & Destroy 
No Escape


Strategy: 

Update
Many people have said taht my destiny is not all that great.  At first look it isnt.  The problem with Hunt Down is that it can be so main intensive that the destiny gets driven down.  However after a few turns, all my sites are out and alot of my characters are out.  I can then begin to drop and track.  All the effects are at least destiny three which is enough for an average.  But mid-late game I am using masterful move to pull Visage and then dropping Visage in the used pile on top of the master ful.  I am also using or dropping my fives and sixes to track.


Change Secret Plans for Something SPecial Planned For THem.  This way since you have Endor Occupation, you can put out of play the big retrievers and cancel the small ones.

This is what I have come up with so that I can still duel in today’s meta.  With WYS canceling my duels a lot, I have to pack three obsessions in hopes of getting one off.  If you can get one obsession off, you will do enough damage to them or take away Luke long enough to win the game.  If you cannot turn Luke, you can easily beat him down long enough to win the game without dueling.  If they are not playing WYS, if you get each duel off you can easily win the game without any problems.

I love Visage.  This deck will give you the ability to cancel those pesky Out of Commission/Transmission Terminated cards with This is Some Rescue and HoloNet Transmission.  Got to love it since it one is a six and the other can be pulled with Masterfull Move.  I choose to do it this way so you can pull and still have some high destiny.  Twos suck.  

Your main objective is to get down Vader first turn to the Death Star Docking Bay, flip the objective and make the light side start suffering from having to look at that wrinkly old man.  If all you have is Lord Vader, I usually find I have a docking bay in hand so I can pull Executor docking bay or another to still get the first turn flip if the light side gives you the two force you need.  First turn you also want to pull the Carida for the activation and for the battleground.  First light side turn they will probably pull Honor and if they do that, next turn spread to the Death Star Docking bay, cloud city docking bay and Carida to cover your sites, or try and find No Escape.  Just do not spread too thin.  Go where they are and force drain them on their own turf.  Mara can get places others can’t which helps out a lot.  If they drop a spy to the chamber to cancel Visage they are sol.  Drop on them for lots of damage before they realize what hit them.  Or you can always-docking bay transit over to them.  Most of the time it will be Boush, who cannot force drain you while flipped.  Otherwise it is probably Corran or Lando and if it is them, they screwed up since they are throwing away two great characters.

One thing you should always do is recycle.  Keep an extra copy of Vader, dueling cards and maybe some characters to drop at the right time.  Anything with a decent destiny that you do not need, drop it.  I have tried my hardest to keep destiny high and it will stay that way.  This holds true with my space fleet too.  Very small amount, but when played right you can take out anyone that they have left stranded then run if you have to.

As for SAC protection, read the objective.  If they still get away with it, good for them, smile and move on with the game.

Why no Ephant?
Well that requires him and Power of the Hutt to be effective.  I just don’t want to use the space to prevent something that won’t ruin my game.  If they do send Corran, Boush or whoever, beat the hell outta them.

Why No Xixor?
Well, he is defiantly a great character, but I found that too many people are playing the bith shuffle combo no days.  I dropped him favor of some better interrupts that I can recycle and keep my destiny high.

Why No Put All Sections On Alert?
Well, I have to admit, this is a great card and when I do not need it I can dump it with reactor terminal.  However, I usually do not battle at the death star docking bay.  The fives are more important to me than a six that I might use less times.

Why did I drop the Rendilli/Dominator?
Well, if they control Rendilli, I am getting drained for two a turn instead of one.  That hurts in the long run so I prefer to not get drained and have to pay three force to retrieve, track, draw and do again.

Reasons for Cards
Crush the Rebellion- if you are draining them for two or three at the down town plaza they will come after you and this limits the battle destiny they get.  I prefer this card too because it pulls Evader & Monnok so I can ckeck for anti-duel cards before I make a big mistake.
Grand Moff Tarkin- This guy is pimp and he can cancel a duel destiny if you play right!
Mara Jade- I have turned even the great Jedi Luke with this fine piece of dark Jedi.  She has to be in here.
Sim Aloo- now for the big controversy in my deck.  Why Sim and not Janus?  I play reactor terminal which lets me drop more cards than I Janus could ever let me drop.  Secondly, I want to know if my opponent has a Fall of the Legend or Throw me another charge when I am about to duel or when he is about to use an Edge.
Dengar with Blaster Carbine- how can you not play with this guy.  In a high destiny deck he can easily shoot down anyone with out tracking and that includes those elusive Patrol Crafts.
IG88 w/ gun- Obcession Luke, Circle Ben, steal Han and Leia cannot drain or battle.  Game over for the light side.
Lieutenant Arnet- so tech against WYS.  Most of them drop a single Patrol Craft “knowing” they can react to the battle.  Not anymore with this little weakling.  Plus he has decent forfeit with IAO.
4Lom w/gun- Cancel Jedi Luke’s game text.  He is now mine!
Endor Occupation- Some nice Anti QMC and WYS.  This will tear them up and no one will expect it and it is a recyclable five.
Secret Plans- I have always been a bigger SSPFT fan but I think this is working better for me.
Resistance- Helps against EBO

Matchups
Watch you Step will be fun to play.  If they harvest they will have to pay which is not the greatest but it will still slow them down a little.  Try and grab the harvest.  If they celebrate, laugh as you cancel it and they go “people actually play that card”.  First turn drop Vader to the cantina then back him up.  The go at them with Guri, Arnet and Dengar and they will suffer some wrath.  Since he can shoot the crafts (and two of them at that) he will do some serious damage to the opponent.  
Space Swarm is rough.  I always want Dengar in Ship for this one but the others draw destiny alone (except Chimaera but that isn’t a problem) that really makes a world of difference.  Stack up with your ships to not get beat down so bad.  Get search and destroy and that along with Visage will suck bad for them.
Mains decks should be fairly easy. You can duel and battle them well.  Both of the space fleets will be pretty light so Zuckuss will be so sweet.  Not much else to say but your destiny is huge and will take out some good characters to attrition alone.

IF I didn’t cover anything drop me a d-mail and I will get to you on it.
