---
layout: post
author: Ryan "TheMan Ryan" Obman
title: 'Visage of Hell racing'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-10
description: ! 'This is a great Hunt Down with high destiny and plenty of characters'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'I know it is kinda late, but this is a pre-Coruscant version. I wanted to post it before it changed.

Starting Stuff
Hunt Down/ I dont care
Epic Dual
Start Your Engines
Watto’s Box or IAO (If ur playing a WYS racing, then start IAO, otherwise start Watto’s box)
Boonta Eve Podrace
Podrace Arena
Executor Holotheater
Subolba Podracer
Ececutor Meditation Chamber
Visage

Characters
Lord Vader x2
Epp Vader x2
Maul x2
Mara Jade ,THE
GMT
Dr Evazan & Ponda Boba
Ig with gun
4-lom with gun
Janus Greejatus
Prince Xizor
Emperor Palpy

Starships & Weapons
Boba Fett in ship
Dengar in Ship
Chimera
Zuckuss in ship
Mauls stick
Maras stick
Vaders stick
Intruder Missle x3 (i know it is alot, but I usually get it for race destiny, which makes it a 10)

Effects (not including starting)
Crush
Imperial Decree
Secret Plans
Search and Destroy
Visage of the Emp.

Interupts
Focused attack
Vaders Obsession x2
The Circle is now complete x2
I have you now x3
Hit Racer x2
Podracer Collision x3
Twi’lek Advisor
You Are Beaten
Ommni Box & its worse
Force Lightining

Locations
Hoth docking bay
Yavin docking bay
Executor docking bay


'

Strategy: '

I tried this deck with out ships before, but at the tournament, I got killed by a WYS and HD deck. At each system, they only had one ship, so I decided to add them. Also, I thought about playing non dualing, but I found that the extra 6’s helped and killing Luke or Obi really hurts the opponent

This deck is simple. Race on the first turn and flash Ani if they have him. Otherwise dont bother. On the second turn, get Vader to a battle ground site and flip. I decided to add No Escape In place of a Intruder missle. I got my @#$% kicked by Honor. This deck has beatin a WYS racing deck by winning the race. The opponent gave up after I won the race with destiny of a 10, 9, and an 8. I slaughtered another once they tried to use It could be worse and I said "It is 
worse". 

The main reason I dont have a Choke Vader in this deck is because I dont own one. I like him and would replace a DV with stick for him. I have 2 mauls because I like beat downs and maul is one of the best. 

I know that I have a large amount of Racing Interupts in this deck (5), but I got sick of loosing. If you loose the race, then you’ve basically lost the game. After that there is no way to retrive.

Against Mains and other Ground decks
When playing against these decks, dual Obi or Luke as fast as possible. Win the race and cause them to loose to visage. You could keep Vader in your hand and wait until you get a beat down. Dont get caught in a battle with Han, Luke, and Leia because if they play destiny adders, you will be hurt bad. Try to get Vader w/ stick and GMT against luke. Initiate a battle and during the battle Cause a dual. Use Focsed attack to draw three and cancle one of his with tarkin.

Against Ship decks
Set up fast against these decks and make sure they loose to visage every turn. Get out Search and Destroy and cause damage with that. Hold on to your ships (make sure he doesnt think you have any) and wait until he spreads out. If he is caught with a single x-wing against you Chimera, Zuckuss with ship, and Boba Fett in ship, he will get his @#$% kicked. Win the race and end the game with no problem at all.

Use these strategies and you should win most games. Dont initiate a dual if you feel the sightest concern becasue if you loose, you loose the game almost right then. Dmail me before you give me a bad rating. I dont see many problems. I understand that the Inturder missles are not that great, but they have helped so much.
Good Luck '