---
layout: post
author: ! Justin "H2O" Desai
title: ! "H2O’s mass states deck--3rd place"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-24
description: ! "This deck consistantly beats the better decks out there; Mkos, Isb and Huntdown.It’s only los came to hayes’ hunters abbysins at mass states."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start(8)
Wys
cantina
docking bay
tatooine
battl eplan
squassins
Insurrection
SI

Locations(3)
home one docking bay
 docking bay
kessel

Chracters(18)
3x jedi Luke
3x Boushh
2x lando with axe
2x captain han
2x dash
2x artoo and 3po
wedge
talon karde
mirax
chewbacca with gun

ships(6)
2x outrider
2x falcon
red sqd 1
pulsar skate

weapons(2)
ani’s saber
luke’s saber

Effects(6)
2x Nightfall
Mantillean savrip(huge card)
menace fades
legendary starfighter
OTE

Interupts(17)
A few manuevrs
run luke run
darklighter spin
3x fallen portals
noble sacrifice
2x on the edge
houjix combo
2x OOC/TT
2x The signal
2x artoo i have a bad feeling about this

Ao(1)
I’ll tape the leader '

Strategy: '

Ok it’s Wys but it plays totally difrently than other WYS decks.  Most WYS deck try to flip early by droping scrubs at docking bays early.  I tried this but it just doesn’t work, most of the time your guys get trampled and beat down.  The only way to prevent this is to run alot of patrol crafts and that makes you vulnerable to monnok.  WEll this version is totally different.  Fliping is not even that important in this deck...It plays more like old school dagobah super falcon than a regular WYS.  The basic setup is this, firts turn, if you draw something that you can put down to kessel, put it down, pull out the home dockingbay too...gradually build your hand and reinforce at kessel.  Around turn 3 or 4 you are usually able to drop luke, his saber and lando to a docking bay...set up menace fades and drain for 2 at the docking bay and 3 at the system.  If they try to fight you in space you have awesome space power and the artoo combo helps out immensely.  If they fight you on land you have lando’s axe’s luke’s hit and fallen portal to take out a mass of guys.  The destiny in this deck is pretty good, and with alot of easily trackable stuff in the deck you are able to kill mass guys with fallen portal and retrieve with on the edge.  The reason I chose this deck for states was it matched up well against huntdown and mkos.  The one deck it does not match up well with is a deck that can consistantly cancel your drain at kessel.  If you play one of these decks, just focus your gameplan more on battleing and getting legendary SF out.  This deck can win in a variety of ways.

Flipping.  When do you flip?  Well you flip when ever you can but it is by no means a necdcesity.  Alot of times in the lat egame you will flip so you can play your edges out of your lost pile to increase your diff.  

Nightfall-I really really like this card.  Most of te time it is used mid game to get lando with luke and boushhh to the cantina.  But it has other uses as well.  For example, I playtested against endor opps and drew lando, luke , boushh and night fall in my opening hand.  He deployed 3 dudes to endor and i proceeded to deploy nightfall on endor and beat him down with my 3 guys foronly 5 force.  Plus the surpirse facot is nice too.

Well tahts about it, heres the matchups.

Vs. Mkos unique aliens.  Auto win, you set up kessel drain and luke, lando at jabba’s palace...you’ll be draining for 3 and 3 all game long.  As usual portal is key and lando will be a beast.  Win by 20 evrytime.

Vs. Huntdown.  Try to flip a little faster than usual.  The drain of 3 at kessel will be huge, protect luke with your dueling protection, you’ll be able to beat them off in space, and drain for 3 all game...this will win you teh game.
If they are playing walkers, put Boushh, luke and lando in the cantina.

Vs. Big blue...Your speed will win this one for you, a drain of 3 turn two is huge. You may say what if they beat you down, but there is no way they’ll be able to beat you down alot on turn two and in your turn two you reinforce with the outrider.  You’’l be drawing lots of destinies and they won’t be drawing any thanks to artoo.  

Vs. Ties.
Hard matchup...if they are playing tallon rolls the outrider is your best ship, use it wisely.  spread out on the ground and drain for 2 and 2...fight in space wisely and try to hold tatooine.  Retrieval along with your drains on the ground will win this one for you.  If ties or Endor are big at your region throw in corran horn for chewbacca.

Mkos swarm.--By far the hardest matchup, they can cancel your drains at kessel and overwhelm you on land even with the 3 porals and lando.  Try to fight him off early and set up tatooine with the outrider and falcon.  If you beat him off space you win, if you don’t you lose.  A winnable game but a tough game...you really have to use your head.

ISB-start meance fades instaed of insurrection, hold a site, hold a system, kill their gys.,  menace fades and battle plan will be huge.  Eventualy they will lose space and that will be game...retieve and keep drainig...usually and easy win.

---well thats about it...it’s a good deck lemme know what you think. '