---
author: Bill "TacoBill" Kafer
title: 'WYS Racing SOLID (No R3)'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-10-21
description: 'This is my undefeated WYS Racingdeck. It*s currently 6-0 in tournamentplay. I submitted it the other day with&#8220;no R3&#8221; in the title, only because I didn*t realize that*s what the contest was submitted under. In this version, I*ll s'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (9):
1x Podrace Prep
1x Tatooine: Podrace Arena
1x Anikins Podracer
1x Boonta Eve Podrace
1x Squadron Assignments
1x Tatooine: Docking Bay
1x Tatooine: Cantina
1x Tatooine (Cor)
1x Watch Your Step

Characters (15):
1x Chewbacca, Protector
1x Dash Rendar
2x Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
1x Lando With Blaster Pistol
2x Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
2x Melas
1x Mirax Terrik
1x Phylo Gandish
1x Talon Karrde
1x Theron Nett
1x Threepio With His Parts Showing
1x Wedge Antillies

Starships (4):
1x Outrider
1x Pulsar Skate
1x Red 10
1x Red Squadron 1

Weapons (2):
2x Lukes Lightsaber

Effects (8):
1x A Tragedy Has Occured
1x Battle Plan & Draw Their Fire
1x Honor of the Jedi
1x Menace Fades
1x Revolution
1x Strikeforce
2x Tatooine Celebration

Interrupts (19):
1x A Few Maneuvers
1x A Jedis Resilience
2x A Step Backward
2x Dodge
1x Fallen Portal
2x Lost In The Wilderness
1x On The Edge
2x Out Of Comission & Transmission
Terminated
1x Speak With The Jedi Council
2x Too Close For Comfort
2x Tunnel Vision
2x We Wish To Board At Once

Locations (2):
1x Coruscant: Jedi Council Chamber
1x Kessel

Epic Events (1):
1x I Did It!


Strategy: 

WYS isnt dead, its merely balanced.

Some card choices: 

Edge: Main retrival aside from podrace. Only used when there are characters or effects you want back because WYS plays the interrupts. Also good for getting rid of the ROC combo. 

Podracing: This deck has never lost a podrace. The destinies are insane, and you can cycle back the high ones with Mirax and 3P0. 2 ASB, 2 Too Close, and 2 Board help you win the race with ease. Make sure to save even if Secret Plans
isnt out, because thats usually when it comes out. 

Melas x2: Tat Maul can be a pain, and hes one of 3 characters in the deck that can battle him. 

Mirax and 3P0: They are my best friends. The abilty to cycle 2 cards through the deck every turn is huge. Theyre also great for tracking for Edge or for the podrace. 

Lost In The Wilderness: This card is great also. Get rid of Vader in a Huntdown, Xizor in AOBS, Maul, Palpy, or any lone main holding a site. And with the destiny of this deck, youre garaunteed to make someone go missing. 

Celebration x2: I found that masterful Move combo is a pain, and is in most decks, so if they cancel your first, play another and retrieve the first one. 

Some cards I had in here, but they didn&#8217;t make the final cut: 
R-3P0
RFC
I*ll Take The Leader (AO)
X-Wing Laser Cannon
Rebel Artillery

Match-ups:

ISB: If they stick 5D6 at an exterior site, drain for 0, cancel it with Lost In The Wilderness, and make the droid go hungry. Once you get rid of him, you should have an easier time. ISB is not an easy match-up, espeically if its the Walkers. Then, you have to make sure to keep Menace Fades
in effect, and watch out for the Black Sun AO. Your race damage/retrival, Celebration, and Edge retrival should be enough to outlast them. 

Hunt Down: If they are racing, youll most likely win. Get out HotJedi fast so they have to lose to Visage while you laugh at them. When they get No Escape, use one of your OOC&TTs to cancel during their move phase. Lost In The Wilderness is huge. 

Senate: Your toughest match-up. Try to get BP/DTF out early and Revo their main force generation (usually Mauls Site or the Bridge). Play smart, and try to avoid beatdown situations. You will
usually win, but it can be tough.

BHBM: Use EPP Luke to suicide a few times before givng Jedi Luke to Vader about 4th or 5th turn. Lost in the Wilderness is huge again. The constant
loss of force from their objective and your drains shold be enogh to beat them. Try to avoid beatdowns again so you dont have to stack.

AOBS: Make Xizor missing, or go kill him. If hes with a big group, drop Jedi Luke in the Cantina with 2-3 smugglers for forefit. If they are racing, you*ll win the race. Should be a pretty easy matchup. 

Brangus: Drain for three at their D*. Win the race, because this deck has never lost one. Drain for a bunch more that them. Edge the ROC combo away and you should be fine.

Watto: Get HotJedi and start losing 2 each turn so their cards go back and you dont lose any. If they get around Honor, it&#8217;s usually smart to lose 2 anyway. Take one of the EPPs and kill Watto, because when I have played this deck, he is usually alone. 

LTMTFM: Against this, find a place to drop Jedi Luke. Make them come to you. That way, you can drop a few smugglers to felp beat up the Jedi, as well as chop them with Luke. Grab I Have You
Know, as that will most likely be a card played often in this deck. As for Lightsaber Combat, you shoul at least be close to their total, even if they stack cards. You shouldn&#8217;t have a difference of 5 or greater, so Honor should kick in. 

Defensive Shields:

A Useless Gesture: Just play your game as normal, not all of the interrupts are Lost. It basically only hinders late game retrival, which Celebration should be taking care of anyway. Just dont play those Interrupts like a willy-nilly
schmuck and you should be fine. Its not as bad as it seems. 

You*ve Never Won A Race?: This is a battling deck, so yor opponent should only have 1-2 battlegrounds when you finish the race. A 14 (they lose 4, you retrieve 6, and you retrieve 4 more with IDI!) force swing is still good. Also, you should have no problem holding 3 battlegrounds to keep I Dit It! intact, so this is almost wasted. 

Other Defensive Sheilds: Always be prepared for Coward or Secret Plans, but you can usually expect them. These are nothing different. The other ones dont really affect you, aside from the grabber, but that is also a possibility in normal
constructed, so its the same.  