---
layout: post
author: ! Matt "Ooryl_909" Woleske
title: ! "TRM done wrong AKA The Chop House"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-15
description: ! 'It slices it dices it even makes julian fries'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (8)
Throne Room 
CC Platform 327
Yoda’s Hut
Tat Obi’s Hut 
Tat D Bay
Homey 1 D Bay
Echo D Bay
Endor D Bay

Characters (17)
LS,JK x2
Leia w/ Blaster x2 (=) shiny)
Chewie w/ Blaster (Shiny too)
Tawass (all shiny too)
Mirax
Obi w/ Saber x2
Ben
Corran 
Owen and Beru 
Lando w/ Booyah (I love that word) ax
Orrie
Cap’n
Han w/ Pistol
Melas

Ships (3)
Super Duper Falcon
R2 in Red 5
Homey 1 

Weapons (4)
Merc Armor
(and now for the chopping part drumroll)
Obi’s Saber
Luke’s Saber 
Ani’s Saber
(Bam I’m kickin it up a notch)

Interrupts (22)
Crunchy Cheese x2
Clash x2
Weapon Lev
Throw me Another Charge x2
Off the Edge x2
On the Edge x2 
Run Luke Run
Armed and Dangerous (Am I or what?)
Control/Tunnel Vision
Heading For The Boat
OOC/TT
Alter 
Alter/Collateral
Sense/Uncertain
Sense x2
I Know (do you?)

Effects (6)
YISUwell
HotJ
Insurrection
Staging Areas
Aim High
Bacta Tank
'

Strategy: '

OOP’S I’M STUPID CRUNCHY CHEESE x2 IS FALLEN PORTAL x2

Ahhhhhh where to start? Well almost normal Throne Room Start and the effects usually are Staging Areas and Insurrection and the last effect like usual varies.  As you might have noticed for the first time in recorded history I’m trying to use capitalization and punctuation forgive me if I make a mistake its just I’m not used to trying this.  Ok since people want me to spell the deck out for them here I go 
First Turn you will activate your whopping 2 force and hopefully you will have also gotten a 2/2 2 ability scrub in your hand (can anyone say Mirax she’s the GODDESS)in the case you are cool and did you’ll pull Homey 1 D Bay and drop her there now next turn you activate 5 force pull a docking bay Rinse, Wash, and Repeat.  Now Mid-Game you’ll have all your docking bay’s and hopefully through Mirax’s Text and drawing gotten at least most of your mains out w/ sabers at 1/1 docking bays and will be draining the insanely constantly retrieving this deck can retrieve a maximum of 20 force per game thats huge especially when max you drain them only for 6.  But obviously be it on the ground or in space they’re gonna give you some sites to drain at you’ve got your super falcon paired w/ a few other heavy hitters can smack your opponent out of 1-2 systems.  While if you play an opponent w/ ground its killer you have nearly eternal smackdown power w/ bacta tank and Ben’s revival.  I also would’ve wanted to add another weapon lev and a bith shuffle desperate reach cancel imp barrier and YAB 2 favorite cards against mains.  Now near the end you’re going to be retrieving merrily while draining your opponent may be hiding in a corner sneaking drains in here and there but nothing fatal.  Just retrieve retrieve retrieve.  Drain him until he’s so drained he can’t move and then have someone call your mama to come pick you up cuz you are gonna kill someone and no doubt your mama and his (he called her to rescue him) will be too late and he will die but anyways here are the matchups

BHBM 
TRM hates this deck and I’ve learned that so many times before My playtesting friend Mark plays a BHBM and its up titled ”Slow Poison” it has a favorite quote of ours check it out give it 5’s cuz it had a little party in this decks cardiovascular system.

Court 
SAC is here for a reason you can sack their scum after they deploy it.  Then just when they think they got it made a hit crew comes and visits you can smack em’ so hard their mama can’t help this stuff works and court is real popular round these parts...but only w/ the scrubs.  

MKOS 
Look up and you shall see read same as court you most.  Don’t want to be stuck in Yoda speak I do. 

AOTBS
I wanted to build a deck out of this but I just don’t know this deck has never played one before although w/ your huge smack power along w/ Sac you can know them out.  (tech Alter they’re Presence on the First Turn Flipper ones they flip back right away)

TIE’s
I @#$%ing hate Ties they just piss me off making them think you don’t have any space in your deck is a big plus after they spread out pick a place to really smack em’ then stop em’ cold w/ super falcon and home 1 boom


HDADTJ
You’re near screwed now your.  Unless you can knock out they’re vader(s) with a mutant OOC that just happens to be the luckyest card you’ll ever play if they play a dueler (fortunatly they aren’t that popular around here at least.  I just dunno how well you’d hold up this decks only 2 losses were against some wierd spaced out deck that killed me cause i’m stupid and a Hunt Down 

Thanks for Reading but I’m tired and Typing for half and hour w/ correct capitals and puntuation sucks. 
'