---
layout: post
author: ! maxime "Real Killa" gaudreault
title: ! 'The Last Ralops'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-20
description: ! 'I may be the last one on earth to play ralops, but it is a very good deck. I was inspired by the retired Ralops done RIGHT deck'
rating: 2.5
---
Cards: 

'starting (6)
ralltiir operations
ralltiir
prepared defenses
mobilizations points
===(if you’re playing against retrieval decks)
->secret plans
===(against force drain decks)
->imperial decree
->battle order

locations (9)
wakeelmui
bespin
kuat
coruscant
desert
forest 
swamp
jungle
spaceport docking bay

characters (16)
lord vader
darth vader
darth vader, dark lord of the sith
emperor palpatine
mara jade, the emperor’s hand
janus greejatus
sim aloo
grand moff tarkin
dr evazan & ponda baba
amiral ozzel
major marquand
lieutenant watts
lieutenant arnet
at-st pilot x3

vehicles (5)
tempest scout 1
tempest scout 2
tempest scout 3
tempest scout 5
tempest scout 6

starships (5)
conquest
tyrant
chimaera
executor
bossk in hound’s tooth

weapons (3)
mara jade’s lightsaber
vader’s lightsaber
at-st dual cannon

effect (6)
overseeing it personally
there’ll be hell to pay
search and destroy
bad feelings have i
kuat drive yards
oppressive enforcement

interrupts (9)
sense
alter 
imperial barrier x2
masterful move
monnok
ghhhk
the circle is now complete
you are beaten '

Strategy: '

ok, as I said, this deck is based on the retired ralops done RIGHT deck, but I got rid of what I think is useless, like death star 2 docking bay, or 2 alters, and blizzard scout 1. overseeing it personally really kills the opponent, with much higher force drains. the only reason i kept masterful move in is because of its high destiny, because it isn’t that good. you can take any card you want after the objective is flipped, wich won’t take too long, just 3 or 4 turns maximum. of course, you would lose one turn if you take time to search for holograms, so masterful move isn’t that bad either. so as soon as the objective is flipped, I take the emperor out, and take overseeing it personally the next turn. with mob points, you take kuat, with the objective you take kuat drive yards, and every turn you deploy a destroyer without using your "deploy previlege" from the objective. there’s a lot to deploy here, more than you can think, so go by importance rank. first, your primary objective will be to get your ground force out so they won’t flip it back. since you already have at-st pilots (with who you flipped it), take out your at-sts and put your guys in them. the best to do is get a strong force on ralltiir, so you can deploy and protect your emperor. when all or the most of your ground forces are out, concentrate on space, but you have to be fast for that too. first, with mob points, deploy kuat. then, as soon as you have time when you flip the objective, deploy kuat drive yards, so you can control space at the begginning with your detroyers. so I would do that even before the at-st, since you will be able to take one destroyer and one at-st every turn. this is important, since more and more people play with kessel run decks. and it is even more important if you deployed battle order at the beggining, since you will have to pay a huge amount of force for little force drains, before deploying overseeing it personally. so the kuat trick is the best thing to do at the beggining, because if you have enough starships, the opponent playing kessel run will think twice before coming in space, or he will have to keep his force for a few turns, then he will deploy a couple of great starships, but imperial barrier will do great against dash in outrider. the reason I put swamp in this deck is pretty simple. imagine that you put your most important character there, let’s say emperor with overseeing it, then he deploys obi-wan, for example. if you have bad feelings have i, obi-wan will cost him 9 force to deploy, and will cost the opponent an additional 4 force to initiate battle, for a total of 13 force for one character to deploy and battle. or, if lord vader is here instead of emperor, well start a duel, and kick his ass. if you have a lightsaber, you will have a power of 9, excluding the destiny, and he will have (IF he has a lightsaber, but don’t give him time for that) a power of 5, without the destiny. even if he has a destiny of 3, and you of 0, you place him out of the game, wich is pretty cool. -if the @#$% tries to uncontrollable fury you, you are beaten will do the trick. so, to conclude, it is a very good deck. you just have to have strategy for getting things out, because there’s so much that you can deploy, you have to be strategic, you have to know when you deploy things, you have to make some kind of plan before the game. of course, it is easier said than done, but when you’re in the game think of what you will do, and everything’s gonna be allright. please review it well '