---
layout: post
author: ! Bradley "BadBrad" Augsburger
title: ! 'Brads Unbeatable WYS'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-08-04
description: ! 'Unless they are playing BHBM'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (8) 

Tatooine 
Kessel 
Lars&#8217; Moisture Farm x2  
Cantina 
Docking Bay 94 
Podrace arena 


Epic Events (2)
Boonta Eve Podrace 
I did it 

Characters (15) 

Han w/ Heavy Blaster Pistol x5 
Luke Skywalker, JK x5 
Theron Nett 
Mirax Terrik 
Dash Rendar 
Owen Lars & Beru Lars x2 

Weapons (4) 
Lukes Lightsaber x4 

Effects (7) 

Draw their fire (start vs. TDIGWATT) 
YISYW (start)
Squad assign 
Ounee Ta (start vs. rops)
Beggar 
Menace Fades 
Honor 

Podracers (1) 
Anakins Podracer 

Starships (3) 
Outrider 
Pulsar Skate 
Red 10 

Interrupts (20) 

Ive got a bad feeling about this x4 
Run Luke, Run x4 
Harvest x7 
A step backward x3 
Dont get c0cky  
A jedis resilience  
Podrace Prep 

Objective

WYS
'

Strategy: '

 
*UPDATE*  
sorry...should say locations  (7)


D@MNIT...how many times do i have to tell you...I am not taking into account your local meta...nobody plays monnok around here

*END UPDATE*

*2nd update*

hey, if your not gonna give a reason for giving me less than 5*, why are you doing it?  Ill just keep deleting the reviews until i run out of points


Also, before giving me less than 5, point out ANY weaknesses besides BHBM...id really like to know.


*end update*

Response to reviews

Hayes-  I COULD use control/tunnel vision to get the cards i need...but that would mean that I could only use the luke/han combo once or twice...with 5 of each, I can do as many suicide runs as necessary, and still have them for the 1 turn beatdown.  Thanks for the suggestion though.

faramir-  I know monnok isnt a ”local meta” card, I am just saying that HARDLY ANYBODY around here plays monnok...That is why I say Im not taking YOUR local meta into account, everyone may play it where you are at.  By local meta, I mean that it may be heavily used in your area, so you may want to accomidate for that.

vader106-  Actually, I live in Normal, Illinois...and I will WIN the race.

kmcnash-  Sac might be a problem, but with the multiple copies of everything, I should be ok...also I wouldnt know where to add DODN/WA

*end response*

     Here it is, the deck that won me my first tournament, and Im sure will win me many more...including Wizard World 2001...



     Ok, maybe it isnt broken...vs BHBM anyway...but every other game should be a cakewalk.  Card choices may seem...wacky...but everything will be adressed in the strat section.

     Just remember to look on the decipher website, you will see that Brad Augsburger is the Wizard World Champion...you will say...hmmm I wonder what deck he was playing...then you will see...THE UNBEATABLE WYS


     BIG BLUE IS NOT A PROBLEM  The harvests in here are enough retrieval for me to hang on long enough for me to drain them out.

     5 lukes and 5 hans.  I certainly don’t have all of those lukes and hans  To build this deck, I borrowed cards from 3 different people.  People will be more willing than you think to let you borrow cards  It doesnt hurt to ask, and you cant build the worlds greatest LS deck without the 5 Jedi Lukes or 5 Han w blasters.  

     I cant add any different characters...why?  If I did that, I would have to take out Lukes and hans.  That would take away from the main idea of the deck.  Wedge antillies for one of the Hans would be my choice for another character, but trust me, you dont need any more. 

     7 harvests.  I KNOW not many people have 7 harvests...in fact, I know that some people dont have any harvests at all.  Beg, lie, cheat, steal...do whatever you have to do to get these cards.  Harvest is the backbone of this deck, and 7 is the magical number.  You dont have to worry about grabbers...the 7 harvests alone will allow you to retrieve 28 cards.  Not to mention that you can play them from the lost pile, and that you can retrieve it when you play it.  

     3 starships.  I chose not to include the falcon in this deck because Hans only purpose is to set up the trippler and run luke run combo.  Combined with Don’t get @#$%y and a Jedis resilience, you have a 2 man army that will tear through ANY dark side ground force...with a little tracking.  The three ships in here are enough to hold kessel for menace fades as long as they stay together.

     Problems with this deck?  BHBM...  This deck is huge against me, taking my most important character away from me, leaving me the lars family, han, theron nett, mirax, and dash.  However, this isnt an auto-loss.  The lars family can help you retrieve massive amounts of force, and the drain of 3 at kessel will eat them alive.  Combined with the limited force generation of the 7 side of WYS, it CAN be done.  

      YES, Monnok does rape me, but if nobody has seen this deck before, why would the expect me to be holding 3 jedi lukes in my hand and 2 run luke runs...either way I just end up losing my interrupts to force drains and playing them from the lost pile.

     Matchups

Whatever your matchup may be, do NOT deploy the moisture farm until you are ready to start harvesting...once the dark side commits to controling it, it will be hard to get them off.  You can wait until they have their forces spread out a bit, so the lars family will be safer.


vs. SYCFA-  toss YISYW for squad assign. and get the flip as soon as possible.  They will generate very little force early on, and the outrider will give them problems.  After they get their systems out, move everyone to kessel and do ANYTHING to keep menace fades in effect.  I took a drain of 11 from chiraneau + sullust, kashyyk, tatooine etc for 7 (seven) turns, and still won the game, because of menace fades and harvesting.  SSPFT NEVER hit the table, and I was able to retrieve aproximatley 84 with only 3 harvests  With a little tracking, anything can be done.  Dont forget that I did it allows you to retrieve the bottom card of your lost pile and put it on your force pile.  Remember, Harvest WILL win you this game.

vs. Huntdown-  Run Luke, run will save your @#$% every time, and even if they do manage to duel you, luke will subtract 3, and then you can play a jedis resilience to cancel the duel...TWICE  Dump YISYW for honor, and turn visage into a light side card.  when they go to occupy some battlegrounds, just do the run luke run combo for the beatdown and the win.  

vs. brangus glee supergay-

Wow  this deck is @ss in the hands of a mediocre player, so I really dont have to worry about that matchup in this area.  Remember, I am not taking your local meta into account, so I really cant tell you how to beat it...you should win the race, and YISYW will cancel the #’s.  

vs. TDIGWATT-

Start Draw their fire, and go for the 1 turn beatdown FAST.  They WILL deploy with at least 5 power to the site, and they prolly wont have a ghhhk in their opening hand, or have even 1 force saved.  By design, there is a good chance that you will get luke, han, run luke run, and a trippler in your opening hand.  If it is speed flip with all those gay troopers, go for menace fades and get set up at kessel with all your ships...DONT SPREAD OUT...they WILL beat you down if you do.  

vs. Court or MKOS-

Go for the 1 turn beatdown...just pick your battles and play smart, and you should be fine...dont be afraid to send luke or han on a suicide mission to take out bib or jabba...there are 5 of each.

I cant think of any more matchups for now, so rate this deck, and put it at #1 where it belongs  Later


Brad                     '