---
layout: post
author: ! Fernando "Garion" Medalón
title: ! "SET YOUR COURSE FOR VICTORY"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-14
description: ! "Feel the real power of the Empire, nothing would stand in front and survive."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'OBJECTIVE
Set Your Course For Alderaan / No flip.

STARSHIPS (10)
Flagship Executor
Chimera
Devastator
Tyrant
Thunderflare
Visage
Avenger
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Dengar In Punishing One
Stinger

CHARACTERS (16)
Emperor Palpatine x2
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, DLOTS
Grand Moff Tarkin
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Admiral Piett
Admiral Chiranau
Admiral Ozzel
General Veers
Capitan Gilad Palleon
Commander Merrejk x2
Myn Kyneugh
Kir Kanos
Guri

WEAPONS (2)
Force Pike x2

ADMIRAL ORDERS (2)
We´re In Attack Posittion Now x2

INTERRUPTS (16)
Dark Maneuvers
Shut Him Up Or ...
Put All Sections On Alert x2
Omni Box & It´s Worse x2
Limited Resources
Twi´lek Advisor
Force Lighting
Imperial Command x3
Dark Jedi Presence
Prepared Defenses (Starting)
Control x2

EFFECTS (5)
Imperial Arrest Order (Starting)
You Cannot Hide Forever (Starting)
Secret Plans (Starting)
Security Precautions
Lateral Damage

LOCATIONS (8)
Coruscant Docking Bay
Death Star DB (Starting)
Death Star War Room
Alderaan (Starting)
Death Star (Starting)
Kashyyk
Fondor
Sullust '

Strategy: '

Please, don´t rate untill you´ve read all the strategy section. Thanks in advance to all who spend his time on this.

This is the deck I am now playing. It has huge activation (normally 10 by turn 2) and big drain and battle potential.
Turn #1 Search for DS War Room and Coruscant DB so you can activete big in turn 2. If you have draw Merrejk, deploy him to Dath Star except you have Emperor Palpatine in hand, in this case, forget Merrejk for this turn and deploy Palpy. If you have an Imperial Command in hand search for an admiral or general (Ozzel is cool for this turn). Then draw everything you can.
Turn #2 If Merrejk now in hand deploy him to Death Star and search for a system. If you don´t draw everything and search him, remember you can look trought your deck for a DB or DS location so you can know what is in your force pile.
Turn #3 from this turn and on you will activate a lot so you can do heavy beatdowns at ground and have cool power in space. Despite this remember that Chranau is very important to overdrain your opponent so search for him asap.

Some of the most important cards
-Imperial Command the really key card of the deck. Cool in space and ground.
-Admiral Chiranau heavy drains.
-Admiral Orders help to deploy with less cost and increase or give inmunity for your ships.
-YCNHF cool against main and odds decks and search for Security Precautions.
-Put All Sections In Alert help a lot to mantein control of Death Star.

And against the Light Side
1) MWYHL good deck, even without your force drain bonus, you have quite good drain potential.
2) WYS another good deck but you will be really better at space an you can easily kill him down.
3) RST outdrain him in space and control one or two of his locations.
4) RTP I´ve played a lot against this and can do nothing against my deck, no matter how it´s played.
5) HB hard play, you must search for his HB asap and beware of beatdowns. Despite this with your admirals in the Star Destroyers and Imperial Command in hand you will have good chances to win.
6) EBO very similar to HB, beware of beatdowns in space and try to control Hoth.

That´s all I can think in, if you have any suggestions please d-mail me or post in your rates.
Thanks for rating and reading till the end. '