---
layout: post
author: ! Kyle "Psyokid" Ishimaru
title: ! "WYS Non Euro Style a k a  Lodi style"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-05-17
description: ! 'This is a WYS deck that uses beatdown but doesnt have Euro start or Begger.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'starting(8)
Watch Ya step/Place getting rough
Tatooine
Dbay
Cantina
Heading
Insurrection
Squadron Assign
Staging Area

sites(2)
Kessel
H1 Dbay

characters(18)
Luke with Saber x3
Han with Gun x2
Artoo Threepio x2
Chewie with Gun
Leebo
Raltiir Freighter Cptn
Theron Nutt
Lando with Gun
Melas
Dash 
Talon Karrde
Mirax
Wedge
Rayc Ryjerd(only because he looks asian)

ships(5)
Red Squad 1
Red 10
Medium Bulk Frighter
Pulsar Skate
Outrider

effects(6)
Draw their fire
Ounee Ta
Aim High
Frozen Assets
Menace Fades
Battle Plan

interrupts(21)
Barrier x2
Sry bout mess/Blaster Pro x2
Control/Tunnel x2
OOC/TT x2
Run Luke Run x2
Maneuvers
On the Edge
Ive Got Bad Feeling bout This
Slight weapons
Artoo I have bad feeling bout this
Bith Shuffle/Reach
Effective Repairs
Signal
Houjix/Nowhere
Dont get C()cky 

AO(1)
Ill take the leader
'

Strategy: '

This is just about the deck I played at states.  I have moded it a little to beat MKOS much easier and other things.  I know I should play Begger but all my friends tell me 18 differnt rulings about it so if someone could tell me the erratta or whatever on it d-mail me or something.

The main strat is the use the 3x damage card to kill them.  You can normally get the Luke/Han going with 2 destiny on the 3rd or 4th turn if you get your activation up.  I normally set up in space and flip to get my activation up and cut theirs.  If you cant get the 3x kill then your drains so set in with the fast flip.  

Here are card explainations

Frozen/Effective Repair  Why this instead of Begger?  Is all about the destiny.  I have a 4 and a 5 instead of 2 Beggers which are 3s.  Plus with Obj flipped I can get it back and use it up to 3 times.

Leebo  Lets you draw on Frighters which is cool.  Plus hes driod which is ok i guess.

Rayc Ryjerd  Hes asian + he makes ship immune to Talon but nobody plays that do they.

Artoo Threepio x2  I always use 2 now.  Bad Feeling Have I kills the deck preety badly.  Ive noticed when you cant play your triple damage card or use no battle destiny.  

Matchups

MKOS
This is a easy game with the changes ive made.  You can run your aliens in there to kill off their guys.  Or use the Ounee Tay and Desperate Reach to prevent your guys from getting Barriered or make them lose None Shall Pass.  With their high power you should be able to dive under their mega power easily.  Drains in space can help alot.  Run Luke Run should destroy them preety easily.  Make sure you Frozen their force and hit them for beats.  

Court
Preety Much the same as above execpt watch out for their ships that they can deploy or hold a barrier for a next turn beatdown.  

Ties
This is a hard matchup.  Hit them for drains on the ground and use their death star or big drains.  Try to set up a beatdown on a system using Dash to reduce power.  Use the Barriers the get rid of their guys and either run away or fight them.  This game should go fast.

Hunt Down 
Set up in space since they prolly dont have too much space to clear you off.  Try to kill as many vaders as you can nad go for an OOC which is always good.  Use ur TT to kill Visage if Necessary.  Try to keep them off Tatooine use the Run Luke Run combo and your many destiny to kill off their few characters.  Tough Matchup

Bring Him
Give him luke as fast as you can.  Make him lose some force then kill the Vader if you can.  Try not to lose to many battles.  WAtch out for their ships even though most dont have many.  Kill of the Emperor if he goes to Taooine.  If they go back and duel you try to track and win unless they have alot stacked.  Drain him in space.  Use the 3x damage card and Artoo/Threepio to keep them from getting many destiny.  Hard Matchup if you play it wrong.  

Thats about all I can think of if you have question d-mail me and ill get back to you

No saying the Euro WYS is bad but its not my style to start it when i can go for a fast flip with Squadron Assign or High activation with Staging.  Thanks for looking.

'