---
layout: post
author: ! Chris "Piett" Anger
title: ! 'Podrace, react, and attrition subtraction'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-06-27
description: ! 'A react deck that will screw the dark side up Any Ideas for improvement? Try to help me out'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Mind what you have learned (starting)

Characters (16)
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight 2x
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber 2x
Yoda
Qui-Gon Jinn 2x
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol 2x
Leia With Blaster Rifle 2x
Chewbacca, Protector
Lando With Vibro-Ax
Owen Lars & Beru Lars
Corran Horn
Twass Khaa

Starships (8)
Tantive IV
Spiral
Corellian Corvette 2x
Home One
Liberty
Artoo-Detoo In Red 5

Locations (9)
Dagobah (starting)
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Tatooine Obi-Wan’s Hut
Tatooine Pod Race Arena (starting)
Endor Chief Chirpa’s Hut
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room
Yavin 4 Massassi Headquarters
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Rendevzous Point

Epic Events (2)
Bonta Eve Pod Race (starting)
I Did It

Weapons (1)
Luke’s Lightsaber

Devices (1)
Bionic Hand

Admiral’s Orders (1)
Capital Support

Podracer (1)
Anakin’s Podracer (starting)

Interrupts (12)
Podrace Prep (starting)
The Signal 3x
Losing Track 2x
A Jedi’s Focus
Strangle
Run Luke, Run 2x
You’ll Find I’am Full Of Suprises
Star Destroyer
Throw Me Another Charge

Effects (8)
Honor Of The Jedi
Goo Nee Tay
Bacta Tank
Docking And Repair Facilities
Revolution 2x
Traffic Control
Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice (starting) '

Strategy: '

Ok, lets begin

On the fist turn, after the dark side activates their first force go and grab I did it with Anakin’s Podracer.

On the your first turn grab Dagobah Yoda’s Hut and Deploy Yoda There. This gives you six force and you can subtract 2 from attrition in a battle. This means the EPPs are basicly immune to attrition >2. You also start your podrace.

Then you try to get honor of the jedi on table asap using the signal or drawing it up. you can deploy your 2 to 0 locations to give you force but not the opponent. Uh Oh, they go to your site and drain you. opps its a non-battle ground site, subtract two from it with your trusty honor of the jedi.

You will end up winning the podrace and use Losing Track to damage your opponent’s podracer (if any) or repair yours Or use the used part of the interrupt to put the top card of opponents lost pile on top of their reserve deck in a battle, maby if it is a site or something low and it is a destiny 6 to top it off.

Deploy to your opponets sites and battle them, draw good battle destinies shoot or swing with EPP’s and subtract two from attrition with Yoda. if they draw a high destiny place your character in the bacta tank (if you dont have another copy in hand). You get bacta tank withthe signal or by drawing it.

For space use your star ships. battle your opponent with the starships and deploy you characters (if your opponent isnt playing ground) toon the starships. just like bacta tank play docking and repair facilities on the table. lose the corvettes (since they have a low deploy cost) to the effect or lose liberty to the used pile to not lose it.

for those annoying locations that aren’t battle gorunds (like holotheatre, meditaition chamber, and death star II docking bay) deploy revolution there you can deploy there with out spies and cancel visage and starve the dark side for force. also the location like the dark side 2 to 0 force activation sites where the feel they’re safe or 1 to 0 location (like DS II Docking bay with moff jerjorrod) revolution it and hey, you dont need spies Just like everything else use the signal or draw one of the two revolutions up.

Finally a way to duel vader the card is a destiny 6 so haw can ya go wrong. use this with owen & beru dead in opponents turn, run juke run to a battle and a jedi’s focus. Now luke is power 12 (14 if he has his lightsaber) a destiny draw and a high destiny on the top of the lost pile vs. vader’s power and 2 destinies. hummmm who will win. Since this is a hug combo don’t worry about trying to draw the cards to do it. but if you have the right combination, do it owen and Beru is a good card anywayso is run luke run (destiny 6) and You’ll find I’am full of suprises is a destiny 6.

You start with do or do not & wise advise to protect cards like revolution and bacta tank form alter and sense.

the rest is self explantitory '