---
layout: post
author: matt "Tasa" wehner
title: 'We Dont Need Their Enhanced Scum'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-30
description: ! 'A simple, yet complex, deck that retrives, activates a lot, and wins well.  Its 14-4 currently.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting
My Kind Of Scum
Power Of The Hutt
Secret Plans
First Strike
Prepared Defenses
Tat. Jabba&#8217;s Palace
Tat. Desert Heart

Locations
Jabba&#8217;s Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba&#8217;s Palace Rancor Pit
Jabba&#8217;s Palace Lower Passages
Jabba&#8217;s Sail Barge Passenger Deck

Characters
Mighty Jabba
Jabba (SE)
Bib Fortuna x2
Ephant Mon
Gailid
Boelo
Greeta
Ak Rev
Lyn Me
Rappertunie
Umpass-stay
Dodo Bodonawieddo
Rystaill
Jodo Kast
Bossk (Dagobah)
Dengar (Dagobah)
Boba Fett (SE)
IG-88 (Dagobah)
4LOM w/boomstick
Beedo
Greedo
Rodian x3
Yuzzum x3

Vehicles
Jabba&#8217;s Sail Barge

Interrupts/Effects
Hidden Weapons x3
Abyssin Ornament/Wounded Wookie x2
The Signal
Trap Door
Jabba&#8217;s Through With You

Hutt Influence
Scum and Villiany
Bad Feeling Have I
Reactor Terminal
Come Here You Big Coward

Weapons
Bossk’s Mortar Gun
IG88 Pulse Cannon
Dengar’s Blaster Carbine
Boba Fett’s Blaster Rifle
Feltipern Trevagg’s Stun Rifle
Mandalorian Armor

Creatures
Rancor
'

Strategy: '

Holy cow this is gonna be a long strat report.
I want high reviews, and with this deck I know the only way to achieve that is to explain completely HOW to play this deck.

First off, this deck was originally made because I wasn’t having any fun with the game.  I found myself playing in weekly tournys and getting upset if I made simple mistakes or if I didn’t place as high as I wanted.  While doing good in a game you love is a strong note to make, you also have to have fun.  So a good friend of mine told me some good advice, "make a deck that’s supposed to lose".  At the time, it sounded like great advice.

I had a tourny the next day, so I threw together this deck at 2am.  It was only supposed to lose.  That’s why a lot of these cards are completely old skool (ie, Dagobah bounty hunters).

Unfortuantly, this deck seems to do almost anything but lose.  It’s record of 14-4 is against such decks as the podrace/blow up the bunker decks, pile decks, Watch Your Step, Throne Room Mains, and MWYHL.

Honestly, I don’t understand how, but I think it you pay attention and "feel" out how the deck is played instead of looking for winning combos (like, monnok/defensive fire/limited resources) you’ll see that it’s somehow, actually a very effective deck.



Okay, lets start.
The starting is there for a few reasons.  1)MKOS is easy to flip and gives good bonuses (each dest. draw is +2).  Power Of The Hutt lets you get out four cards from Reserve, however many times you need (you will retrieve every card you lose while playing this game).  Secret Plans/Imperial Arrest Order slows mains and retrieval.  First Strike solely cause it’s a fun card and the deck likes to retrieve

The Desert Heart is a great place to deploy the Sail Barge, you’ll want to do that on your first turn (you’ll always activate enough).  You can deploy a Rodian on this for 1 force and he’s safe to sit there because most opponents won’t attempt to beat down at a place they can’t move out of.
The TAT. Jabba’s Palace is a great start, but if they start Profit or something else that may replace your Jabba’s Palace, be weary and start the Lower Passages (can’t be replaced).

Your Rep is Greeta.


First turn grab Audience Chamber from reserve, deploy Sail Barge and take Passenger Deck.

Characters - explained
First off, people always ask me why Yuzzums?  Why?  Because they suck.  Remember, the deck was supposed to LOSE.  Yuzzums though, actually become damn good.  If SE Jabba on table, along with Greeta and Scum and Villiany, the Yuzzums deploy for free and forfeit for 7 each.  Pretty darn good and if Rystail is down, you get to retrieve a force for deploying them (if you’re doing it that way though, remember that a bounty hunter has to be present).

Second, people ask why Rodians?  Well, again, they suck.  But also, against Tat. Qui Gon they negate his game txt for your bounty hunters present, so that’s pretty coo.  Basically, Rodians are just goofy - remember the deck is supposed to be FUN

Third thing people wonder, why Dagobah bounty hunters when there are Enhanced versions?  Why?  Because they suck  But, again, it’s fun to see the expression on your opponents face when you deploy a crappy card like SE Fett)

Why Dagobah bounty hunters and no Dag. 4Lom?  Why?  Cause I don’t got a Dag. 4LOM)
Jodo Kast and Boba Fett use Hidden Weapons and for cheap laughs I like to deploy Mandalorian Armor on Greedo.

Why is Greedo in the deck?  Well, he’s fun, but also sorta tech I suppose.  Greedo’s good for a few tricks.  Ick, never thought I’d hear myself say that.
You can deploy Greedo and replace him (for free) with Beedo (Beedo’s game text).  Also, Greedo’s forfeit sucks.  So, if you play Hidden Weapons on someone you can capture them with Greedo (Hidden Weapons doesn’t specifiy that the character who it was played on HAS to take that character).  Since Greedo’s forfeit is so low, if they come down to free the captured character they gotta swing at Greedo (this is presuming there’s multiple DS characters at the site) if they want to free their captive for sure.  It’s goofy, but it’s sorta tech.

The musicians are in there as a form of stalling.  I don’t play to demolish my opponent, I play to see if I can live longer (it’s winning by both accounts, but I’m not a cutthroat player and don’t play like one).  Musicians let me live longer and thus are good.  Also, with Umpass-stay you have a nice power in the Audience Chamber.  With him and Trap Door the opponent will think twice about canceling Scum and Villiany.

Remember to get Rystall down fast (either Audience Chamber text or Ak Rev), so you can start your retrival if needed.

There’s only one Boelo and one Ephant Mon because with the Audience Chamber so well protected, I don’t see much of a reason to play with mulptiles.
Gailid is only there in case your opponent "ignores" you (ie, plays Hidden Base or some other Obj that stays away from whatever it is you’re doing).

Two Jabba’s and two Bibs because once flipped all those 3s and 2s become decent draws but yet still work great for Hidden Weapons.

I used the combo’d version of Abyssin Ornament/Wounded Wookie because it opened up card space and keeps the same destiny number once flipped.

The Signal to help get out Scum, Trap Door to feed in case your opponent feels like coming to the chamber.

Hutt Influence gets around Hidden Base, Scum and Villiany with First Strike really lets you retrieve what you need.  Bad Feeling Have I slows your opponent down for a little bit and is a destiny 3 (for Hidden Weapons).  Come Here You Big Coward forces out ground decks that Podrace and Dagobah decks. 

The weapons are just goofy bliss.  I’ve gotten them to work a few times, with the exception of the Stun Rifle, which is REALLY good on Jodo Kast (fires for free and adds two to the destiny draw).

Feed to the Rancor if you get in trouble/low on cards.



Seriously, this deck wins well because of battling.  Hidden Weapons is a monster, expecially mixed with Scum.  If you can, ignore your opponent till you have to (musicains let you retrieve small force while battling lets you retrieve even more).  Use Gailid to out drain if it turns into a drain race.

Good luck, and enjoy '