---
layout: post
author: ! mike "wickey" wickey
title: ! "Wickeys Speed Bombing(Seal Team Style)"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-12-20
description: ! 'This is how your supposed to blow the bunker.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Rebel Strike Team
Endor
Rebel Landing Site
Strike Planning
Your Insight Serves You Well
The Sheild Is Down
Heading For The Medical Frigate
An Unusual Amount Of Fear
(any DS you want, but use the grabber, sac protection, and Aim High)

Characters
Admiral Ackbar
Major Haash’n
First Officer Thaneespi
General Madine
General Solo
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Daughter Of Skywalker
Orimaarko
Lieutenant Page
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk
Obi with Saber(3)
Corporal Midge
Lietenant Greeve
Corporal Kensaric
Lietenant Blount
Colonel Cracken
Sergent Brooks Carlson
Wuta

Weapons
Luke’s Lightsaber
Explosive Charge(3)

Effects
Hiding In The Garbage
Lightsaber Proficiency
Launching The Assault
Clow Clow Fish
Projection Of A Skywalker

Ships
Home One
Liberty
Artoo-Detoo In Red Five

Interrupts
Insertion Planning(4)
Throw Me Another Charge(5)
We Wish To Board At Once(2)
Bith Shuffle Combo

Admiral’s Order
Combined Fleet Action

Epic Event
Deactivate The Sheild Generator

Sites
Endor-
 Back Door
 Hidden Forest Trail
 Dense Forest
 Bunker
 Cheif’s Pad  '

Strategy: '

 Okay, there are supposed to be two Projections in the deck, sorry bout that.

 Okay, this disterbing and insulting comment came to me. it was that special op soldiers are weak and can suffer against regular armies. Well i am here to prove that wrong, okay, first of the scouts after i flip on turn three will be immune to attrition less than four( five if Crix on the Home One)and you can subtract three from a destiny using insertion planning, plus you can keep the opponent from drawing more than one destiny with the Admiral’s Order, what now, scouts immune to attrition less than five kicking vaders butt. beating maul, because he is not immune( they’re not jedi) and drawing sixes for destiny. So if anyone says that the special forces are not armed to the best extnent you can prove them wrong, why do you think this country has survived as long as it did, safe and sound, through the special operatives who risk their lives every day defusing bombs and wreaking terrorist camps, and saving hostegeges left and right. so if you think this deck does not have its defenses, d-mail me for some more tricky stuff that I have up my sleeve. This deck may not look like much, but read every card carefully then rate this deck. This deck can do a lot if you read carefully, it can get the job done.

 Hey Yall, okay, i have been playing this deck ever since it came out and it sure can be a pain when used effectivly. The sixteen force card swing by turn three can really be annoying and the fact that the opponent can’t cancel my drains, so by turn four they have lost eight to the bunker and about eight to my drains, so that is a twenty four card difference right there. 

 You may be wondering what I ment by Seal Team style, well take a look at the deck, this is totally special ops. First of all, special ops needs to sneak into secure areas(Bunker) then they need to do what their mission is(deactivate the Sheild) then escape into international air space(Endor) with the support of the fleet(Home One), did i cover everything. Anyway,the strat...

 During opponents turn, pull Crix, Han, and if you have it and Explosive Charge. Next, drop the Insight for the Launching, to ensure that you can have your fleet ship up and running by turn four when you need it. 

 During you turn, put Crix down and pull Chewie and Wuta, then pull the Back Door and pick up. Yes, i know you didn’t grab any of the equipment to blow the bunker, but you need to secure your forward base first, then go for your mission, you don’t want an early beat that could screw you entire mission and put the soldiers in a screwed situation. 

 By now you should have the strat down for the next few turns, pull a site, scout, mission equip., and explosives. But now it is turn three, the explosive turn, set up in the bunker with Han and Chewie, plus one more scout if nessesary. Save the two force to cancel destiny, and for the sake of not being an idiot, don’t forget to put down the epic event and the charges, i have seen it happen and the person makes a fool of themselves. 

 Turn four has finally arrived, time to blow the bunker. During Control phase quickly Blow the Bunker and high tail it out of there. The bunker explodes and the opponent has some stuff to do. I would suggest making them loose their hand first then the damage, that way your safe for a turn. The rest of the game is played out differently, depending on what the opposition is playing.

Matchups

Eops I haven’t played this deck before, but i suggest that you just drain and keep your guys in units of three and four man squads. any suggestions, please d-mail me.

Dark Prince Well, haven’t played this deck either, but i can guess that blowing the bunker might be a little harder with empy and all, so just play your game like your supposed to, and make sure to get that admiral’s order out, you don’t want to loose more people than you have to. Try and make sure that you don’t spread to thin, thought luke alone might not be that bad of an idea, since he doesn’t get killed to easily.

Hunt Down refrane from putting Luke down, but use obi for beats, though i don’t see this much in my area, please add in some stuff if this deck type is popular in you area. Things to add would be Runr Luke Run, or honor.

Lightsaber Combat This deck is not favored were I am, I’ll say that you should go and invade nabbo with you jedi, but don’t sperad to thin, use obi and luke at one site, they can’t ignore that, plus, you will be draining them for a heck of a lot more at endor where your special forces are, so don’t worry about the two force from the combat, plus, this deck has enough sixes that you could possibly win once ore twice.

Watto’s Junk Yard Basically, use your jedi to invade and cause some chaos, your drains and battle plan should kill them off. don’t worry about their pesky( no offence to anyone who plays this deck) little loose to or pay two, always loose, you will get it back any way.

Dark Deal you will probably loose, but that is not your fault, their drains kind of hurt a bit, but you could add in the combo card to get rid of the occupation. I personally don’t play the combo card because I rarely see this deck and when I do, I just put my jedi out and storm the city. Though they may out drain you but the differentional will be very low. Remember i said probably not definetlly, so you do have a chance, this is speed bombing you know.

Walker Garrison This deck i am still trying to figure out how to beat, but i have come close with a difference of one. though, that is when i was playing my old version of this deck. But now I think I have a chance at a drain competition. okay, you will be draining for alot, they will be drainning for a lot more, but if your lucky the early force lose of the bunker bombing will hurt them, plus thier hand goes back in the deck, so what ever combo they were working on is out of there. this is going to be a tough match up so good luck.

New Naboo Deck Okay, you are draining for alot and they only loose two froce from each drain, that is totally okay, because you will have the defences to block a droid invasion from coming to endor. basically leave them alone unless if you have obi, them go down and kick thier metal A$$es. Otherwise, ignore them. they are drawing two destiny a turn, but you could try and invade aswell, yew, use the home one to kick the flagships but then play battle plan and bingo, they are paying to drain , while you drain for free, aren’t i so smart. anyway, this could be another tough deck to play, so good luck.
Card Choices
 Why in the world five Charge Grabbers
It is a destiny six and i am well aware it can be grabbed, but that is okay, you need you explosives.

 Why the Hiding in the Garbage
Another way to pull up the charges, plus you can get luke up really quickly with this card, its not that bad of a card, but if i needed room it would be the first to go.

 Why the Cheif’s pad
Well. its a site to stick wuta at, that way midge can expand to one more sit, though I would stick back up with Wuta, plus more activation for me, wahoo

 Projection???
Yes, this is the coolest tech, stick these at the opponents sites and watch them go down in the dumps when they can’t drain and you can.

Why only one combined fleet action 
 Okay, you only need one because you can pull it with ackbar, plus, it is used as more of a defensive card and to keep the opponent from getting thier Admiral’s orders out.

Why Artoo in Red Five
 Okay, high destiny, hello really people this is speed bombing and quit frankly, don’t you need high destinys to blow the bunker. Its so right in front of you. I have had people rate my decks three stars because I had artoo in the deck for no reason, so I am going to make it clear that he is in there for destiny, okay 

 Any questions, please d-mail me, and please, don’t reveiw without actually knowing what kind of cool tech this objective has, and fyi this is not EP1, i know that most of you can tell, but just in case, i don’t want to be rated badly just because i might have acidently mentioned it earlier, or put this in the EP1 section of decktech. Oh yeah, before i go, you guys over in Afganistan are doing a great job and I dedicate this deck to you, for all of your hard work over there. I know what is going on over there that the people on the news don’t talk about, some classified stuff, and it must be hell over there and well good luck and I think that what you guys do for our country, makes you our heroes and guardians.

 okay for all of you who think i am saying that this is the best way to play this deck type, i am not, i am say that this is a good choice when playing it. The thing i posted at the top[ was just a catchy phrase to get people to read it. i don’t see what your problem is. i am not saying this is the best deck to play, i am saying that it is a good deck from playtesting, so stop critizizing me because of it, and i know that i have a spelling problem, okay im lazy to spell check, okay, plus i am in a rush when i type these things i don’t know why, but i am,so to harkov, why don’t you get the whole story first before you insult me. this deck is powerful, so why don’t you try it before you rate me? okay, i think that that just about covers everything, and really, please read everything befor you rate peoples decks.
     Thanks For Reading
          Wickey      '