---
layout: post
author: James "eby" Eby
title: '@$$teroid Swarm Pile'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-20
description: 'uses swarming x-wings and Asteroid Sanctuary to outrace your opponent, you know win the game.'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

Starting(OLD SCHOOL)

Roche
The Signal(not a typo)
Rebel Fleet(not a typo)

Ships

Home One
Liberty
Defiance
Red Leader in Red One
Gold Leader in Gold One
12*X-Wing

Effects

Wise Advice/Do or do Not
Rebel Fleet
Incom Corporation
Order to Engage
3*Asteroid Sanctuary

Innterruts

A Few Maneuvers
Out of Commision/Transmission Terminated
Rapid Fire
Star Destroyer!
2*Yoda Stew/You Do Have Your Moments
2*Slight Weapons Malfunction
2*All Wings Report In
2*The SIgnal
2*Organized Attack

Weapons/Devices

Landing Claw
2*X-Wing Laser Cannon

Characters

Lando with Vibro-Ax
2*Leia with Blaster Pistol
2*Han with Heavy Blaster Pistol
2*Master Luke

Sites

3*Big One
5*Asteroid Feild
Rendezvous Point
Hoth:Echo Docking Bay


Strategy: 

Update:The reason I’m not playing more systems is to keep the 0’s to a minimum, and if I do draw a 0 then it is an asteroid to kill opponents ships. Destab, I will usually outdrain alien decks and I can find the feilds faster with multiples.
WOW, WHAT A PILE!!! I’ve playtested it against a Very strong DS2 deck and it held its own.
Hold Roche drop 1 X-Wing at the Big one and drain for huge! If they are playing space when they play a planet try to set up on it instead, then it doeasn’t get cancelled if they occupy. Remember if you control an Asteroid Field you may cancel force drains at the related system.

MOST ground alien decks simply won’t be able to outdrain this deck with Asteroid Sanc running, they will have to come to you. Always hold back a few ships and rock them wherever they drop to, the X-Wing Laser Cannons will take out all bounty hunter ships if used properly. If they spread out drop your mains on the weak spots, try to kill the main stuff;ie: Jabba, Galid, etc.

DS2 is a hard matchup, they have a good mix of big blue, ties, and bounty hunter ships. Just wait till they try to come into the Asteroid Sectors and their ships start dropping everywhere, then stike.

BHBM: Give Luke, Asteroid Sanc, Drain repeat. the only problem here is if you can’t find Luke.

Hunt Down: Transmission Terminated asap! Keep Luke away from Vader, but try to keep him on the ground. You should outdrain in most cases.

Any CONSTRUCTIVE critisism is welcome. Remember when was the last time you played anti-@$$teroid Sanc tech?   