---
layout: post
author: Justin "MoffWicket" Alfs
title: 'Navy Trooper Odds'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-11
description: 'Raw power meets cheese.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting:
SYCFA
D*
D*:DB
Alderaan
Prepared Defenses
Battle Order
Mob Points
Secret Plans

Locations:
Raithal x3
D*:War Room
other D* sites x4

Characters:
Death Star Trooper
Navy Trooper x 12

Starships:
Zuckass
Dengar
Bossk
Fett
Big E
TIE Interceptor x5

Effects:
3720:1 x 5
Strategic Reserves
Lateral Damage
CHYBC

Interrupts:
Trooper Assault x 5
Projective Telepathy x2
Abyssin Ornament
Twilek Advisor x2

Weapons:
Interceptor Cannons x3 

Strategy: 

This was originally a killer deck pre-DSII.  With the invention of Insight, it’s now classified as a "fun" deck in my book.  But if you think you can go through a tournament without seeing Insight, by all means try out this deck.

Always start Battle Order and Secret Plans no matter what deck you face.  These are the two most important supporting cards in any odds deck because they force your opponent to activate and use force.  Projective Telepathy helps too.  It also gets you around Order to Engage.

Typical first turn:
Deploy the at least 3 Navy Troopers to the DB.  They’re nice and cheap there.  If you don’t have 3, deploy what you have and use the objective to deploy the Death Star Trooper.  If you don’t use it to deploy the DS Trooper, get out the war room.  Insert odds.  If you got one of the 3 Raithals in your opening hand, put that out too.  When your opponent activates on his first turn and the odds pop up, laugh maniacally and mock him.  Your three troopers with Raithal=12 to his 0.

If your opponent starts with Insight, you probably shouldn’t deploy any troopers.  Do not let him see the 3720:1.  Deploy a TIE to the DB and maybe you’ll fool him into thinking that you’re playing monkey TIEs.  He’ll prolly ditch Insight for Aim High or the LS Search & Destroy.  Try to hold back your smile as he seals his doom.

Guard Raithal with your life.  If the Big E and bounty hunter ships aren’t enough, the TIE cannons should do the job.  If your opponent tries to occupy their own system, kill them.  Keep Battle Order working.

No more than 3 troopers should be on the Death Star.  The rest go to your opponent’s sites.  Interior are preferable, as your guys defend at power 3 each there.  Trooper assault makes them 5 each, so 4 can pretty much hold a site.  The only way the opponent can take a site away from you is with mains, and they mostly suck against numbers.

Vs. WYS:
Take over the cantina and maintain control of Raithal.  Insert like mad.  If they try to retrieve, SP makes odds pop.  If they’re light on space, control the Tatooine system too.

Vs. Jedi testing:
Pray you don’t see Insight.  If you don’t, you stand a good chance.  Spread out on the D*, and their mains can’t kill all your guys.  Odds will hurt them bad.  Dengar/Bossk/LatDamage should kill the Super Falcon.  Projective Telepathy stops the cheesy Dagobah decks.

Vs. EBO/Hidden Base:
Hope you can kill EBO with odds before the drains kill you.  Battle Order should help a ton.  Hidden Base doesn’t matter because you have no drains anyway.  Just keep control of Raithal.  Cancel drains with Strategic Reserves.

Vs. Mains:
If they put out a battleground site, dump your guys there.  Keep control of Raithal.  By owning 1 site and 1 system you should be able to drain for a little and odds for a lot.  Let ’em have the Super Falcon at Kessel as long as you can cancel that one big drain.

This was one of my favorite decks before DSII killed it.  Nothing beats watching your opponent flip 12 cards off the top before they finish activating for the first time.  Or explaining how your 6 characters at the site are now power 5 each and all immune to attrition.  Make sure to giggle a lot.  This is one of those "Tee-hee!" decks.

-Justin "MoffWicket" Alfs 