---
layout: post
author: ! Adam "Obiwan6387" Nielander
title: ! 'Raceless Hunt Down, Be Afraid...No R3'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-10-18
description: ! 'This deck, I believe, can take on any R3 Deck.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (9)

HDADTJ/TFHGOOTU
Epic Duel
Visage Of The Emporer
Executor Meditation Chamber
Executor Holotheatre
Prepared Defenses
No Escape
They Will Be No Match For You
Crush The Rebellion

Locations (3)

Cloud City East Platform
Coruscant Docking Bay (EP1)
Executor Docking Bay

Characters (18)

Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Dr. Evazan And Ponda Boba
Dannik Jerriko
Darth Maul, YA
Janus Greetus
P-59
P-60
Darth Maul
U-3P0
Mara Jade
Prince Xzor
Emporer Palpy.
Vader w/ Stick
Lord Vader x2
DVDLOTS
Darth Vader

Starships 3

Ig-88 in IG-2000
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Boba Fett in Slave I

Weapons (4)

Darth Vaders Lightsaber
Vaders Saber
Mauls Saber
Mara Jades Saber

Effects (6)

Drop
Closed Door
Visage Of the Emporer x2
The Phantom Meanace
IAO/ Secret Plans
Search And Destroy

Interrupts (19)

I Have You Now x3
Vader&#8217;s Obsession x2
The Circle is Now Complete
You Are Beaten
Maul Strikes x2
Sniper/ Dark Strike
Masterful Move
Twilek Advisor x2
Focused Attack
Weapon Levitation


'

Strategy: '

Note I recently found out that They will be no match cannot intiate duels with Maul strikes, so my new starting is IAO/Secret Plans Mob Points/ YCHF, and Crush the Rebellion. Also, remove the IAO effect from the effects section.



The idea behind this deck is duel with anyone who’s willing and beat their @$$ off. 
There are 25 7-5 destiny in this deck, so tracking the duel wont be hard. The things I am thinking about is starting Phantom Meanace over No Escape, and then toss in a Rune Haako and a Nute for extra retrevial/Power/ and forfiet for the P-59 and 60. Also, I’m ur dad, and  Mostly armless I think would work well. The Space in this deck is mostly protection once I find a Security Precation. The Lightsaber Combat Obj. doesnt scare this deck mostly because with so many Jedi, it shouldnt be that hard to have a chance to win the combat. The generation is good with about 10-15 by early mid game assuming Vader doesn’t get placed out of play early, which could easily mess this deck, so be careful. Also, Mara Jade is a good idea because she can duel Luke, w/o worring about getting dueled herself.  Also, U-3P0 isnt scared because he cant get ’messed’ if they are using the Epic Event. 
The epic event doesnt really affect anything because anyone w/ minor tracking skills can do w/o it. Also It is extremely easy to hit characters w/ this deck, so if you can battle, you can take on anything. R3... who needs it?

Now, on the the Match- ups.

MWYHL

Doesn’t scare me at all.  First of all, if they are only testing to 5, then Luke just gets dueled by Vader and with a focused attack to pretty much guarantee it, even against a 14 Destiny or you could just hack him down.  If its Leia, go for the hack. (On a side note, I always get a kick out of drawing a 13 weapon destiny with Maul and Vader. 

RST

This is a popular deck in my region, so I know I can beat it.  One reason is the inclusion of multipe LSJKs in RSTs due to his ’Scout-ness’(Another Side Note I’ve  LSJK never lost a duel with ol’ LSJK, even w/ the subraction of 3.  Also, usually with RSTs, after the Bunker Boom, they spread out.  This is asking for it.  One of my most favorite things to do is You are Beaten someone, 1-2 more out with the Lightsaber, Dr E and Boba combo, get thier soup eaten. and Focusing Vader to make him power 12-13 

Hidden Base

This deck just cant handle the direct damage of this deck with Visage and  S&D. Also, the mains that these decks usually include, are duelable, which makes it all the easier...

These are the only decks I know the matchup well. If you have any questions about any other matchups, D-mail me or E-mail me at SIAH87@aol.com

Thanks for your time and Review 
Adam



'