---
layout: post
author: ! Paul "Ultima 1" Merrian
title: ! "Royal Pain"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-04
description: ! 'This is a simple Royal Guards Hunt Down deck.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8) 
                  Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe 
                  Visage Of The Emperor 
                  Executor Holotheatre 
                  Executor Meditation Chamber 
                  Prepared Defenses 
                  Imperial Arrest Order 
                  Inconsequential Losses 
                  Mobilization Points 

                  Characters (22) 
                  Prince Xizor 
                  Guri 
                  Captain Gilad Pellaeon 
                  Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x2 
                  Grand Admiral Thrawn 
                  Lord Vader x3 
                  Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand 
                  Myn Kyneugh 
                  Ephant Mon (to keep spies from canceling Visage) 
                  Royal Guard x8 
                  Emperor P. x2 

                  Effects (2) 
                  Secret Plans 
                  I am your Father 

                  Interrupts (5) 
                  Sniper x2 
                  Shut Him up or Shut Him Down 
                  You Are Beaten x2 

                  Locations (8) 
                  Coruscant 
                  Coruscant Docking Bay 
                  Death Star Docking Bay 
                  Cloud City Landing Platform 
                  Executor Docking Bay 
                  Tatooine DB 
                  Cloud City Downtown Plaza 
                  Kiffex 

                  Starships (6) 
                  Chimaera 
                  Dengar In Punishing One 
                  IG-88 in IG-2000 
                  Bossk in Bus 
                  Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 
                  Boba in Slave 1 

                  Weapons (9) 
                  Vader’s Lightsaber x2 
                  Force Pike x6 
                  Mara Jade’s Lightsaber  '

Strategy: '

This is basically a non-dueling Hunt Down deck using Royal Guards to squash your opponents.

Get Vader out as soon as possible (duh), then get him back to the Meditiation Chamber ASAP.
Card explanations
Shut Him Up...- Bacta Tank is common in my area, but it also cancels several other important cards.
No Kir Kanos- I don’t want to wory about constant force loss to his upkeep.

Matchups
HB mains- You simply need to assemle a beatdown crew at one f your many docking bays, then transfer them to wherever you need to.
HB space- You will have a small problem here, but if you rely on Super Chimaera, supported by Zuccuss and Dengar, you shoud be able to minimize the damage.
EBO- See HB space, but be wary of Ice Storms if you go under the shield.
WYS, Profit- Go to Tatooine, and hit hard and fast.  Keep your opponent from retrieving by stationing your fleet at Kessel and initiating battle with any ship that tries to Kessel Run (for WYS).  Don’ pre-deploy, but try to get Mara out quickly (for Profit).
MWYHL-  Leave them alone on Dagobah, but destroy them if they try to go anywhere else.  Drain if you can.
TIGIH-  there is not much chance of not capturing Luke, so just don’t lose battles.  Watch out for Lost in the Wilderness at the Endor DB.

These are the only decks that are popular in my area, but against others, just play smart. '