---
author: Martin "MylordMartin" Falke
title: MylordMartin, Is That Legal? - now even better
side: Dark
date: 2001-09-20
description: How to beat Bastian Winkelhaus? No Problem.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting: 5 (+2) 
MylordMartin, is that legal? 
Senat 
Mauls Hut 
Prepared Def. 
Imp. Arr. Ord./Secret Plans 
<> 
<> 

Locations: 5 
Death Star 
Mos Espa DB 
Executor DB
Kashyyyk
Cantina (better against WYS and immune to Lost in Wilderness) 

Characters: 23
Lott Dod (x2) 
Tikkes (x2) 
Orn Free Taa 
Passel Argente 
Yeb Yeb Adem´thorn 
Aks Moe 
Toonbuck Toora 
Edcel Bar Gane 
Emp. Palpatine (x2) 
Darth Maul (x3) 
Vader with Saber (x2) 
Arica 
Prince Xizor 
Janus Greejatus 
Dr. E/Ponda Baba 
Rune Haako
Grand Admiral Thrawn

Ships: 4 
Zuckuss in MH 
Bobafett in S1 
Maul`s Ship 
Chimaera

Effects: 12 
- This is Outrageous! 
- Our Blockade is perferfectly legal 
- Accepting Trade Federation Control 
Wipe them out (start against race) 
First Strike 
Security Precautions 
You cannot hide forever (start,if you expect numbers) 
The Phantom Menace (start against Light Senat) 
Allergations of Corruption (start against Dagobah) 
TINT / OE (start, if you expect SAC) 
Ability, A., A. 
Search and Destroy

Interrupts: 11 
No Civility, Only Politics 
Squabbling Delegates (x3) 
Force Lightning 
The Point is Concceded 
They`re still Coming through 
You Overestimate their chances 
Projective Telepathy 
Force Field 
I have you now 


Strategy: 

 
YES, First of all, this deck looses all races. 
Against race, deploy to senat and retrieve the force you lost with Squabbl. Delegates. 
If your game is non interactiv, use your Objective (2 cards in used pile for 3 force) each turn. Often I catched &#8221;I did it&#8221;... 

Against Mains, drain in space for four, against space decks, do the same at the 3rd Marker. Against Dagobah or Profit cheese search for Projective Telepathy and A.,A.,A. 

Lott Dod is the key to win your games. Search for the cards you need and you will always be prepared. 
Force Field and You overestimate their chances kills the hit and run strategy. For example against profit deploy ALL characters (not senators...) to the chamber and wait for him. With a power of 20 or more, tripling the battle damage should finish the game (And don`t forget the political effects: +3 to your destiny, -3 for opponents destiny!) 

Why the changes to the older version?
<> Death Star for Throne Room
- Against main decks with revolution you need each singel force you can activate. Also I never was drained there for three, I could cancel this drains (and even this was not necessary) and I play 4 powerful ships. Don`t deploy this card against Hidden Base and WYS, but in these machtups you always have enough force.

<> Thrawn and Chimaera for IG in space and Monnok/Evader
- Immune to attrition <6 (9), power 11 (13), and two destinys (+3)
I poited out that I never played Monnok or Evader in a situation when I was under pressure - I had won the games also without this card.

<> Search and destroy for Motion supported
- These cards do exactly the same damage to opponent, the difference is, that Search and destroy works against Dagobah and Hidden Base which are two of the tougher matchups.
Ok, you cannot deploy this card from deck, but what exactly does Lott Dod???

Some matchups: 

Hidden Base: 
Sec. Prec., Maul in Space, Cancel Kessel Drain and probe. Janus and Empy in Cantina. Thrawn will kill them.

Profit (race or non-race): 
Deploy two aliens. Flip, deploy to chamber, search for FF and YUTC and drain him in space. Cancel Anger Fear Aggression and deploy AAA and skip the activation phase. Deploy Search and destroy and wait for him. 

Dagobah: 
same as profit. Kashyyyk, Search and destroy and AAA are your friends

Light Senat: 
Beat him out of the Senat!!! 
Not a joke. This deck kills Bacta Senat, I tried it more than 10 times. Your senators are faster and better. Flip first turn and let Lott Dod do his job.
Deploy Rune Haako with Phantom Menace to senat, grabble Might of the republic and check opponents destiny with Yeb Yeb in your weapon phase. 
With First Strike and Haako you are retrieving two Force each battle. 

WYS: 
Take your time. (This was my fault when I played against Bastian at Continentals) 
Cancel the Kessel Drain and limit his battle destinies at sites. Maul is a beast in this game and space is the key for winning. 
Remember: you have unlimited Senators for canceling drains and your opponent has only 3 (6 with flipped WYS) Control/tunnel vision. 


Some nice card for a seventy cards deck... 

61. Dark Lord of the Sith (SE)
62. 2nd Projective Telepathy
63. Mighty Jabba
64. P-59 
65. Monnok /Evader
66. Maul Strikes
67. Crush the Rebellion
68. 2nd Janus
69. Sim Aloo
70. Ghhhk / TRWEU

Have fun, 

Martin &#8221;MylordMartin&#8221; Falke  