---
layout: post
author: michael "Deck" Gemme
title: 'Ten Numb Superstar v2.0'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-03
description: 'This is our updated version of the best QMC in the game, based off klammrodts FIRST qmc.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting-7
Quiet Little Mining Colony in the Clouds
Bespin
Leia’s Quarters
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Keeping the Empire Out
Squadron Assignments
Your Insights Serve you (Usually)

Locations-4
Cloud City
Carbonite Chamber
Incinerator
West Gallery

Characters -16
EPP Luke x2
EPP Obi Wan x2
Capt Han
EPP Leia x2
Wedge RSL
Dash Rendar
Tawss Khaa
Melas
Elyk Rhue
Pucimer Thryss
TEN NUMB
Lando w/ Blaster 
Corran Horn

Starships =5
Red Squadron 1
Millenium Falcon
Red 7
Outrider
Blue Squadron 5

Weapons -3
Xwing Cannon
Intruder Missile x2

Interrupts -19
Sorry about the mess x2
Path of least resistance x3
dodge x2
narrow escape
Rapid Fire
A Jedi’s Resiliance x2
Off the Edge x2
Power Pivot x2
Run Luke Run x2
Rebel Barrier x2

Effects -5
Cloud City Celebration x2
Battle Plan
Menace Fades
Do Or Do Not/ Wise Advice

AO - I’ll take that leader.


Strategy: 

This deck is almost done right, which is sweet.

** Updates ** this deck beats heavy mains by the Path+Sorry about the mess combo, to smack what is left.  All i need is 4 characters at sites at one time and the rest can be used to beat down. PLUS everything comes out of the deck, i dont care what they activate, im still going to beat them.

Against talon rolls: All you do is put dash in the outrider with corran or elyk (preferably elyk so you can put corran on the falcon with han) and then wedge in his ship and youre not going to get touched.  The destinies are sick and the tie cannon will take care of the rest.  I love how a guy who has been out of the game since D*2 comes and tells me this deck shouldnt be in the top ten.. 

So this is the updated deck that me and steebo have been using since tatooine came out.  Things we’ve noticed about the meta change involving this deck, is that its harder pressed to hold space for the sole reason is that more people are gunning to get to bespin and rip us away from it.  This has been done in the form of lots and lots of ships with pilots as well as ties and cannons.  Ties and cannons simply rape this deck if you arent prepared, so if you think youll face ties with cannons HOLD YOUR BARRIERS.

The biggest improvement for this deck is obviously the new effect which lets you search for a card during each turn, yours or your opponents.  this gameplay device is so powerful because it keeps a good number of cards in your reserve deck, especially the high destiny ones.  When we first started using the new effect, i found myself not drawing up at all and only using the new effect to get cards.  this is a big mistake.  use the ability to see if there are cards available that you want.  if there are a bunch of useful interrupts in your force pile, dont just take one, take em all.  this lost a few games for me, casting doubt on this very powerful deck.

Obviously what you want to do is set up space as fast as you can.  I try to deploy to space before i do anything else. but if i get leia in my opening hand, ill drop her for 2 to have a drain of one going.  Normally, if i get no space, and see what is in my force pile when i search for a site the first turn, i just draw it all up.  Getting space is the most important thing.  Just get ships there.  We took an intruder missile and an xwing cannon out of this deck becuase there was a greater need for off the edge.  Use rapid fire to your advantage.  People dont see it coming, and just save three force, play rapid fire and youre all hooked up to take out any ship you care for.

Retrieval.
Because of more and more people figuring out what needs to be done in order to take out a good QMC deck like the superstar, we put in two off the edges.  This is great because you can retreive up to 6 force whenever you need to with the high destinies in this deck.  Plus its easy to track those intruder missiles right after you fire them, very nifty.  Celebration is still the greatest, and path is what makes celebration superb.

Corran horn is a beast.  if you play huntdown, get him to the executor and have him path around avoiding battle and still draining for two.  corran is so good i love him.  I cut a hole in mine so that i could have sex with it, but the hole was too big and you couldnt read the text so i had to get a new one.  oh well.

what else what else

Um.  Destiny in this deck is very high.

oh yes. the Control Phase

The control phase is the most important phase of this deck because it is a control deck.  Everything great you do takes place in the control phase.  You should always use off the edge during your control phase if you can because A- you just activated your force so you can activate up to a tracked 6 or 7.  B- you play off the edge then get it back with celebration.  Also, sorry about the mess is god in this deck.  You cant play Sorry About the mess twice.  Bastian winklehaus i love you so much.  you make my penis ache =)))).  This deck is just nails.  its so good i LOVE iT

This deck has beaten many people, and will probably beat the people in your environment.  So go play it.

OH yes, about avatars v2.0.  i dont like it because it concentrates less on battle evasion and more on stupid tatooine interrupts like changing the odds.  okay so that tat inerrupts are not bad, but i just think that dodge is more important.  thanks for reading

DECK   