---
layout: post
author: ! Justin "MoffWicket" Alfs
title: ! "Bloody BHBM MN States deck"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-05-14
description: ! "Undefeated at States.  Teaches people not to play WYS or EBOX."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting
BHBM
DS2Throne Room
Your Destiny
Insignificant Rebellion
Prepared Defenses
MobPoints
IAO
Something Special...

Locations
DS2DB
CCDB
EndorDB

Characters
DV,DLOTS x2
Emperor Palpatine
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Grand Moff Tarkin
Mara Jade, TEH
4-LOM w/gun
IG-88 w/gun
Guri
Prince Xizor
Mighty Jabba
Boba Fett w/gun
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral Chiraneau
General Veers
Commander Igar
Lt. Arnet

AO
Fighter Cover

Weapons
Vader’s Saber
Mara’s Saber

Vehicles
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 6
Blizzard Scout 1

Starships
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Chimaera
Executor

Effects
Imperial Decree
Battle Order
No Escape
Lateral Damage

Interrupts
Monnok
Masterful Move
Twi’lek Advisor
You Are Beaten
Shut Him Up or Shut him Down
Young Fool
Sense & Uncertain is the Future
Imperial Command x4
Force Lightning
Trample x3



'

Strategy: '

(Begin update)
”Only 2 Vaders?i have 4 and mine is sweet.i dun think itll win vs HB Mains.  
  Mirax”
First of all, I played HB mains at states and won by 20.  Secondly, 4 Vaders is idiocy.  Only a fool will get burnt by Your Destiny for more than 1 turn.  You do not need nor want an early Vader in most cases.  Scroll down and learn how to play the deck right.
(End update)

This is the exact deck I played at MN states.  There were a few changes I made/would make.  Before states all I ever played against was WYS and EBO.  I always pull the Executor instead of Carida vs. those decks.  I literally went 3 tournaments without deploying Carida, so I took it out for states.  At states I didn’t face a single WYS or EBO, so I’d probably put it back in.  I also just got my second Emperor Palpatine, so I’d swap that for the AO.

This is a beatdown deck.  Do the usual set up with Palpy at the DSdb and move him to a battleground db when you get backup.

vs. WYS
You win.  The key to beating WYS is denying THEM force.  Never deploy any locations except for the DS2db.  Put Palpy at their db first turn and get force lightning for protection.  Back him up a little, perferably with walkers.  Deploy a beatdown crew to the cantina.  Choke, operate, capture, YAB, add several destiny, and you will own the site.  Grab the Executor and Thrawn with Imp Command, and you will own Tatooine (or Kessel).  Lateral Damage helps too.  Back him up with Cheerio and let the domination begin.  Drain for 3 in space and a minimum of 3 on the ground, probably more.  Something Special keeps the retrieval fair.

vs. EBO
This is the only time when you start differently.  You should start with MobPoints, Imperial Decree, and Battle Order.  Monnok will hurt them.  Get Ex and Thrawn, and wait for them to deploy.  Invade Hoth early, before they get ice storm.  You’ve got walkers incase they do anyway.  Tramples take care of pesky spies and Arconas.  Better yet, Lt. Arnet beat the bloody hell out of Arconas.

vs. any mains deck
Do all the usual starting stuff, but don’t rely on the safety of the death star.  Have Palpy join a crew at a battleground once they get enuf force for a beatdown.  Monnok used keeps their hand in check to avoid beatdowns.  Pick your battles carefully, and once you get 3-4 cards stacked, it’s over.

Other general strategies

Tempest Scout 6 Wait until they battle, then deploy it cheap as a react and surprise trample their people. 

Young Fool If they use suicide Luke on your Emperor, you kill him for good.  The rest of the game should be a breeze, as Vader can drain unfettered by that damn flip side.

Shut Him Up or Shut Him Down Pure tech.  A used 6 that destroys the annoying bacta tank, and as a special bonus, also cancels the occasional Death Star Plans.

Masterful Move Too common to be called tech, but it essentially is.  Another used 6 that gets the game winning Monnok and can cancel the gay Savrip.

Choke Lord vs. Lord Vader I went with choke lord because I’ve got good destiny and I know how to track.  Choking is so important.  If your area sees a lot of Uncontrollable Fury, you may want to go with Lord Vader.

You Are Beaten Besides the great exclusion part, it cancels UF, which I am vulnerable to.

Everything else is pretty obvious.  There are a lot of ways to add destinies and take out their characters in the middle of a battle.

The coolest part of this deck?  Half foil.

-Justin ”MoffWicket” Alfs  '