---
layout: post
author: ! Andy "Solo337" McClure
title: ! "Brooke Burke is HOT"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-29
description: ! 'Why would anyone play a different LS deck?'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

' 
Objective 
WYS/TPCBALR

Locations (5)
Tatooine (s)
Tatooine Docking Bay (s)
Tatooine Cantina (s)
 Docking Bay
Home One Docking Bay

Characters (19)
Dash Rendar x2
Melas x2
Palace Raider x5
Chewbacca, Protector
Nekkid 3PO
Jedi Luke x2
Captain Han Solo x2
Mirax Terrick
Wedge Antilles
Talon Karrde
ECC Lando

Effects (9)
Squadron Assignments (s)
Insurrection (s)
Staging Areas (s)
Honor Of The Jedi
Bacta Tank
Tatooine Celebration
Battle Plan
Order To Engage
Menace Fades

Interrupts (16)
Control/Tunnel Vision x2
Barrier
A Few Manuvers
A Step Backward x2
Too Close For Comfort
Houjix/ Out Of Nowhere
Out Of Commision/Trans Term
Fallen Portal
Run, Luke, Run
On The Edge x2
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes/Out Of Somewhere
Sorry About The Mess/Blaster Proficiency

Vehicles (4)
Patrol Craft x4

Ships (3)
Falcon
Outrider
Pulsar Skate

Gay podracer
Anakin’s Podracer

Admiral’s Order
I’ll Take The Leader

Weapon
Luke’s Saber



'

Strategy: '

First off, I just wanna say that I HATE Watch Your Step. It’s so good that it’s gay, and that is why I hate it, and why I play it. I just got back from the Atlanta DPC, and virtually every LS deck I saw, including 3 of the top 4, was VERY similar to my version of WYS. Some played a little more space and less ground, some played a little more defensive than this one, but all were quite similar. 

The title was insired by the host of Wild On E, Brooke Burke, who is no question in my mind, one of the 2 hottest woman on the world, rivaled only by Jennifer Love Hewitt. We were watching Wild On Friday night, and I was doing my decklist, and asked what I should name my LS deck, and right then my friend Ben said "Brooke Burke is SO HOT" And I totally agreed, and I thought it would be a great name for a deck. If you do not know who Brooke Burke is, you GOTTA go to www.brookeburke.com and check out the galleries. 

Okay, now for the actual deck strategy -)

This deck has everything you need. Space power, ground power, mobility, plenty of generation, force drains, the best SAC protection in the game, massive retrieval, and of course the ability to play every interrupt in your deck at least twice. 

I prefer this deck over Freighter Captains and Kessel because I don’t like to split my space forces if I don’t have to, and Raiders in Crafts are just too powerful on the ground to pass up. 

Basically you play the same against virtually every deck, except TIEs. 1st turn pull the <> docking bay, and reveal whichever pilot/ship you have (Mirax, Dash, or Han) and deploy them cheap to the Docking bay, and take off to the system for free. Set up on ground either first or second turn, but be careful to not take to much of a beating early without a Houjix. 

From then on, just play smart, track some destinies when you need to with Mirax and 3PO or some high destiny used interrupts, and retrieve a bunch of cards with on the edge. At the DPC, I played 2 decks without Secret Plans or a grabber, and managed to retrieve my whole lost pile in one turn (11 cards once, 16 cards another) with a few tracked destinies, a couple On The Edges and Tatooine Celebration. Oh, and try to always keep Melas in space so you can’t have your ability reduced to 0 by Maul. The rest should be easy enough to figure out, so I’ll move on to card choices. 

Effects are pretty standard, although I would like to add a grabber, but am not sure what to take out. Bacta Tank is HUGE in a WYS deck because it can’t be altered, and your guys are cheap with INSANE forfiet (Wedge is deploy 2 and forfeit 10, 12 with Talon Karrde).

Interuppts are geared for defense and retrieval. Fallen Portal is huge, Out Of Somewhere can be crucial (and probably kept me from losing one of my games at the DPC, see upcoming TR for details), barrier is very important, and of course Houjix. On the Edges can single handedly keep you in almost any game when combined with high destiny cyclers like A Few Manuvers and Out Of Commision, and Control/Tunnels can cancel drains or help you get the cards you need when you need them. DS podracing is incredibly popular right now, so the anti-podrace stuff if a valid meta choice (especially in my area), and Too Close For Comfort has a really cool alternate use as well. 

Characters are standard, with multiple copies of key characters, like Luke, Han and Dash to ensure you get them early. Nekkid 3PO is a tracking machine, and a staple in this deck. 

Ships These 3 are all you need, and I didn’t even have one opponent out of 6 tournament games over the weekend put up a decent fight in space. 

Everything else should be pretty standard. Now for matchups

HD Racing Try to get Honor early, if you can, or cancel Visage with Trans Term. If you fear dueling, leave Luke in a Patrol craft until you get your Run, Luke, Run. Use your race interrupts wisely, and if they don’t get grabbed early, you have a serious shot at winning the podrace. If the LS takes the podrace, I don’t know of a single HD racing deck that could still win the game. 

Brangus racing Once you flip you hurt their generation, but you probably won’t be able to win the race with their ability to get their racing cards back from lost pile every turn, but if you are smart you can make them lose a lot of cards to win the race. They will probably be light on characters, so you can spread a little more than usual. 

TIEs This is a rough game, as TIE Cannons make the Outrider next to useless. Spread and drain on the ground, and retrieve with On The Edge as much as you can. I’ll Take The Leader makes their TIEs weak, but TIE cannons still eat you up. 


I think that is about it. Hope you like it, and stay tuned for my DPC TR, and I think I’ll write one about the warm-up tourny as well. 

Andy




'