---
layout: post
author: steve "han w/gun" gossett
title: 'look, a sandstorm is coming!'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-02
description: ! 'this is a My kind of scum deck that has high drains good force retrieval, and nice destiny. Thanks to everyone who gave me ideas this deck actually works better.'
rating: 2.0
---
Cards: 

'
Starting (5)
My Kind Of Scum
Tatooine Jabbas Palace
Tatooine Desert Heart
Twi&#8217;lek Advisor
Den of thieves

Characters (25)
Jabba
Bib Fortuna
Ephant Mon
Galid
Taym Dren-garen x2
Chall Bekan
Mosep
URoRRuR&#8217;R&#8217;R x5
Tusken Raiders x12

Interupts (15)
Abyssin Ornament x3
Bantha Fodder x5
Operational As Planned x4
Jabbas Twerps x2
Twi&#8217;lek Advisor

Effects (7)
Bantha Herd x2
Expand The Empire
Scum and Vilany x2
Sandwhirl x2

Vehicles/Weapons (4)
Bantha
Gaderffi Stick x3

Locations (4)
Tusken Canyon
Jundland Wastes
Audience Chamber
Lars Moisture farm

'

Strategy: '

The reasons why i use the following cards

Den of Thieves-Cancels a drain

URoRRuR&#8217;R&#8217;R x5-he is the rep use to cancel drain or destiny draw

Expand the empire- Put at Tusken Canyon and put Gaderffi Sticks there and at adjacent sites for a drain of 3

Bantha fodder- destiny 4 and lets me get out a taym, tusken raider, bantha, and my rep. recycles destiny

Opperational as planned-destiny 5 lets me activate one more force and recycles

Jabbas Twerps- Lets me retrieve up to 5 force for my leaders

Bantha Herd-lets me add one battle destiny with a tusken or bantha

Gaderffi stick- lets me get rid of epps weapons

Abyssin Ornament-Get out a tusken or retrieve force

On the first turn get jabba out of your deck with the audience chamber. use bantha fodder to get out taym, tuskens, and URoRRuR&#8217;R&#8217;R. Get out sandwhirls and bantha herds and put your tuskens at the sites (make sure you put the sandwhirl and bantha herd at different sites) for maximum protection.You should be able to get the objective flipped on the 3rd turn. then if they decide to battle you cancel their destiny. or if they decide to stay away from tatooine system you can cancel 2 of their drains per turn. retrieve force with jabbas twerps and with abyssin ornament. put expand the empire at the jundland wastes and put the gaderffi sticks at that site and the sites next to it. you should put it between jabbas palace and the desert heart because the other sites have a drain plus 1. if everything is done perfectly and all of the sites are out your drains will be 16 a turn. well if you try this deck i wish you good luck and you may ask me for advice anytime thanks again to all the people who helped me out. '