---
author: Jim "PerfectDark" Green
title: Mega Hunt Down the @#$%
side: Dark
date: 2001-03-01
description: Hunt Down the Jedi Destroy the Remaining Rebels!
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Locations 

Executor: Meditation Chamber 
Executor: HoloTheatre 
Endor: Docking Bay 
Hoth Docking Bay 
Yavin 4: Docking Bay 
Kiffex 
Sullust 

Characters
Lord Vader 
Darth Vader DLOTS x2 
Vader with blade x2 
Moff Tarkin x2 
Grand Admiral Thrawn 
DS-61-2 
DS-61-3 
Barron Soonter Fel 
Mara Jade 
Sim Aloo 
Guri 
Xixor 
Snoova 
Ig with 
Dengar with gun 

Blue 
Tempest 1 
Blizzard 2 
Chimaera 
Devastator 
Fett in ship 
Suckuss in ship 
Bossk in ship 

Weapons/devices 
Vaders stick x2 
Maras stick 
Vibro Axe 
Homin Beacon 

Effects
Hide and Seek 
IAO 
Something Special Planned for Them 
Secret Plans 
Reactor Terminal 
Disarmed 
Grabber 
Visage of the Emporer 
Presence of the Forcex2 

Interrupts
Vader Obsession x2 
Circle x2 
You are Beaten x2 
Dark Strike/Sniper 
No Escape 
Operational as Planned 
Mastful Move 
Ommni Box 
Focused Attack 
Twi&#8217; Lek 
Holo Net Transmission 
Prepared Defenses 

Objective 
Hunt Down/ TFHGOOTU 

Epic Due 

Strategy: 

basically if you want to Duel them go ahead, yes it is cool and fun but with Jedi Luke -3,Ben andding 2, most people playing courage it is getting harder to Duel.there is Focused Attacks Darth Vaders Saber and good things for tracking destinies so Dueling is still an Option, a powerfull one at that, and it can trash rebel decks if done right. Mara Jade can be used also to Duel. Play ommni Box to make sure they are not tracking destinies when dueling. Also the best technique i have found is on you turn b4 you activate play masterful move find Visage, use operational as planned and drop Visage now you have a 6,5,and 7 in a row ready to Duel. Your space power is nice, bossk in his ship adds a destiny, zuckass in ship is so sweet, Fett in his ship is just the man plus the two star destroyers, Thrawn on the Chimeara rocks power 11, 2 destiny, and immunte to attriion <6and you are ready to role. the Ds’s and Baron all add 3 to power of ANYTHING they pilot very nice i use baron just b/c he forfeits for 5 instead of 3. Keep them losing from Visage, Duel when you can get your destinies rollin there is enough space to protect you dont think so, play it and see Chimera and thrwan get 2 destiny so do zuckuss and boassk and they are very powerful! you can slso put fett down somewhere if more power is needed a you also have 3 pilots who add 3 power and th enough ground power to be secure Lord Vader with a light saber holds his own. Snoova with her capture stick and Ig with gun and Dengar with gun dont look that powerful but they hold a site 2 destiny you capture a big character and if you have some good destiies well then hit 1 or 2 also Mara has some nice poer of her own being able to draw her blade and Tarkin is sweet with Vader everyone knows that justplay smart and you will win. Remember always start IAO and something special planed for them for stupid harvest and on/off the edge and kessel runs!! watching rebels retrieve masive force with those cards suck and either star no escape or hide and seek depends if you can smll odds or not, and grab there stupid interrupts that annoy you!!! Also holo net transmission is in b/c most rebel decks now play OOC/TT so cancle it!This is a winning deck!!!    