---
layout: post
author: ! Silver "Slides_Rule" Dragoon
title: ! "Berserker Strike"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-10-17
description: ! "Ever seen placid Qui-Gon go beserk?  Try some 6 lightsabers swung in the same battle plus crack shot to assure ultimate beatdown."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'=STARTING=
MWYHL/SYIC
Degobah
Prepared Defenses
Wise Advice
Allegations of Corruption
The Way of Things

=CHARACTERS=
Daughter of Skywalker
Yoda
Luke With Lightsaber
Obi Wan With Lightsaber
Chewbacca, Protector
Qui-Gon x 2
Jar Jar
C ndros
Padme

=STARSHIPS= 2
Artoo in Red 5 x 2

=DEVICES/WEAPONS=
Electrobinoculars
Luke’s Pack x 2
Qui-Gon’s Lightsaber
Jedi Lightsaber x 6
Obi Wan’s Journal

=SITES=
Degobah Training Area
Degobah Bog Clearing
Degobah Swamp
Degobah Yoda’s Hut

=EFFECTS=
Crack Shot

=INTERRUPTS=
Strangle x 2
Jedi Resilience x 5
Gift of the Mentor x 5
Houjix/Out Of Somewhere x 4
Out Of Commission Combo

=JEDI TESTS=
JT 1-6 '

Strategy: '

Strategems and Hints

Use Reactor Terminal and Electrobinoculars to track Artoo in Red Five for Jedi Test 5 completion.

First turn pull Training Area with Degobah game text, then keep pulling Jedi tests.

Out of Commission will kill decks like Hunt Down if you can pick off Vader and most any deck if you can also get Maul.  Also good protection versus Visage.

Drop fast beatdown with Luke, Obi Wan, and Qui Gon, using Gift of the Mentor to add destinies with Luke and Obi or pull Quis lightsaber.

Restore forfeited beatdown with Jedi Resilience.

If a battle goes poorly, use Houjix to get out of uncomfortable situations.

If opponent playing a capturing deck, use strangle to free your characters.

Keep Yoda at Yodas Hutt after training to keep down attrition.

Cndros keeps thier battle destinies at 0 unless they can tie a 7.

Qui-Gon can wear Lukes Backpack* and swing as many lightsabers as he wants FOR FREE

Scared of Aurra Sing?  Use Obi Wans Journal to stop from theft.

Crack Shot will make it so that all the characters you hit satisfy no attrition, so they will have to forfeit more people besides all the ones Qui Gon has eliminated.

If youve depleted the opponents stock of characters, just destribute the Lightsabers around so all your Jedi can add one to force drains*.

The typical battle should go as follows
Youve got Qui Gon and Cndros at a site, plus or minus a couple of people.  Either you or the opponent initiates a battle (probably you) and you begin swinging sabers.  Of course, chances are unless Maul or Vader is there, they arent going to hit Qui-Gon, and you really dont care all THAT much about Cndros. You hit all the characters you can at the site, and every single one is hit (after all, with Jedi Test 5, you draw two 7s).  None of these guys can be used to satisfy attrition, so whoevers left must also suffer 7 attrition for battle destiny.  If they arent hurting by now, add Luke and Obi and a Gift of the Mentor to spice things up a little next battle.  If things go terribly wrong, like Jodo Kast picks up Qui with a hidden weapons, you can always back out carefully with Houjix and strangle Jodo later.

*NOTE As of the most recent glossary update, Lukes Backpack was modified to read ...device AND WEAPONS... capitalized words being the additions.  Now, instead of the wearer being able to use as many devices as they wany, they can carry multiple weapons, too.  Also, weapons may be given to other characters at the same sight as a weapon if 1. They are able to use it, and 2. You pay the deploy cost again, thereby allowing you to hand around lightsabers. '