---
layout: post
author: Andy "santaandy" Gegg
title: 'This Deal Sucks, Im going home!'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-10
description: ! 'This is a Dark Deal Objective deck from my unique viewpoint.  No Dark Deal or Cloud City, because I have found that it is just too hard to get AND keep.  So, I went with Star Destroyers, CCO, SSPFT, and the like.  Please review before my state tourney Sat'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7)

This Deal
CC Lower Corridor
Secret Plans
Prepared Defenses
Crush
IAO
MOB Points

Characters (20)

Chokey-man (DVDLOTS)
2 EPP Vader
GMT
Mara Jade
Arica
Sim Jim
Captain Sparkli
Lt. Cmdr. Ardan
Xizor
Guri
Snoova
Jodo Kast
IG88 with Gun
4LOM with Big Gun
Thrawn
Adm. Piett
Adm. Chiraneau
Adm. Ozzel
Captain Godhert

Weapons (2)

Mara’s LS
Vibro Ax

Capital Starships (6)

Executor
Chimaera
Devastator
Dominator
Visage
Accuser

Starfighters (5)

Fett in Jet
Bossk in Bus
Dengar in Ninja Car
Zuckuss in Really Strange Looking Flying Thingy
Stinger

Admiral’s Orders (1)

We’re in Attack Position Now

Locations (6)

Bespin
CC DB
DS2 DB
Exe DB
CC Upper Walkway
CC Incinerator

Interrupts (8)

Imperial Command
2 Barrier
2 Control/Set for Stun
DF/Hutt Smooch
Ommni Box/It’s Worse
Point Man

Effects (5)

CCO
SSPFT
I Had No Choice
Lateral Damage
No Bargain '

Strategy: '

***UPDATE*** No Bargain should be No Escape.

First off, I would like to say I am having difficulty with making thiis deck stronger and faster.  It is not bad as it is, but it needs help.  I do not want to use Deal or CC, because it is a waste of time in my opinion.  Too many things to worry about.  Especially with Starfighters.  Please review honestly and fairly, but don’t be an ass.  I appreciate all comments, and here is my email if you want it

andy@jcn1.com

NOTE I will have access to only 1 more Imperial Command, although I know more are needed. )

Basically, just pull DBs for extra activation.  Plenty of low deploy characters for this, just dump 2 or 3 and go on to the next one.  I usually pull Exe Db first, so they can’t move to your site.  Usually this will hold them off until you get reinforcements.  Then, pull CCDB last, and start flooding Cloud City.  I usually pull CCO over Bespin first, since playing QMC means I won’t need Bespin.  Then, just draw and play/react as normal.  I like the DBs because you can put all your starfighters there and wait for a gankin’.  Plus, you can sit Guri or Stinger there and wait for the other.  I have some cool stuff in here like

Arica - if Mara dies, you have your own Boushh.

Sparkli - this little fluff can get you placves where no bad guy has gone before.  And he launders thier force.

Lt. Cmdr. Ardan - Destiny 3, pulled by Piett, and draws by himself.  Best damn non-pilot non-trooper scrub in the game.

Captain Godhert - Adds 1 to Armor and Hyperspeed of your SD, and is Destiny 3.  Cool

Lower Corridor Perfect for Mara and EPP Vader.

DS2/Exe DB Free moving, and Exe keeps ’em from comin’ for ya.

Incinerator  Lose Guri?  No Problem.  Retrieve her.

Point Man 
Scramble? Denied. 
Asteroid Sanctu-gay-ry? Denied.  
You get the idea.

SSPFT Good everywhere, like Visa.

I Had No Choice Cancels Dash, Han, and Lando.  Plus you can pay them to leave.

No Bargain CCO just got better.  No Bargain kills HOT Jedi for Effects, too.

I really think that’s about it for the strategy.  As far as certain decktypes, I would just react to them normally.  With stuff like EBO and HB Space, stay at Bespin, and put your characters down on the CC.  Once Executor comes out to play, if you aren’t under X Wing assault, move it to Hoth, and use your DBs and shuttling to enforce the Imperial Decree.  With heavy character decks, wait on the DBs to make sure you don’t get beat down, then invade CC. Against drain decks, get to CC fast to cause some CCO damage.  If you can hold on, it’s almost like a Visage for them.  Against ground battle decks, stay on the DBs, and then go for CC.  Put your starfighters at CC if it’s on table for the extra power.  Agains space battle decks, use your DBs for activation and pilot shuffling, and keep to Bespin.  If I missed anything, let me know, and I’ll update it.  I can’t really think of anything else, so just let me know what you think and help me if you can.  Thanks

Andy  '