---
layout: post
author: ! scot "b3ltf3d" luptowski
title: ! 'b3ltf3ds wys power drain'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-27
description: ! 'Incredible Speed, Big Drains, Anti-Anti Drain, Steady Retrieval, a 6-0 Tournament Record, and a good chance at beating anything. What more can you want?'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Watch Your Step/This Place Can Be a Little Rough 

Locations
Spaceport Docking Bay 
Tatooine 
Tatooine Cantina 
Tatooine Docking Bay 94 
Tatooine Jundland Wastes 

Characters
Ardon ’Vapor’ Crell  x2
Captain Han Solo 
Chewbacca, Protector 
Dash Rendar 
Lando With Blaster Pistol 
Luke With Lightsaber  x2
Melas 
Mirax Terrik 
Palace Raider  x2
Ralltiir Freighter Captain  x2
Talon Karrde 
Theron Nett 
Wedge Antilles 

Ships
Artoo-Detoo In Red 5 
Millennium Falcon 
Outrider 
Pulsar Skate 

Interrupts
Choke 
Control & Tunnel Vision  x4
Darklighter Spin 
Fallen Portal  x3
Heading For The Medical Frigate 
Houjix & Out Of Nowhere  x2
Lost In The Wilderness 
Out Of Commission & Transmission Terminated  x2
Rebel Barrier 
Sorry About The Mess & Blaster Proficiency 
The Signal

Effects
Battle Plan 
Goo Nee Tay 
Insurrection (start)
Legendary Starfighter 
Menace Fades 
Squadron Assignments (start)
Staging Areas (start)
Tatooine Celebration  x2
Underworld Contacts 
What’re You Tryin’ To Push On Us? 

Admiral’s Order
I’ll Take The Leader

Devices
Hydroponics Station  x2
Vaporator '

Strategy: '

 
Step One Get Underworld Contacts into your hand. This can be done with Tunnel Vision or with The Signal. This is the single most important card in your deck. Why only one? You’ll pull it easy, and as long as you’ve flipped it can’t be canceled. If it flips back to the 0 side, well, you’re just not playing the deck right.

Step Two While doing this, you should be doing a few other things. Get a character down the DB94 and SPDB for some added force, and get pilots and their ships from Squad Ass. Always deploy the ships to the SPDB for less force, and move them up for free (unless of course you need to battle). Also, drop some Hydros and get Ardon into your hand. Deploy him to your most ’secure’ location. 

After your objective is flipped, Underworld Contacts is in play, Ardon on table, and Celebration out, the game is virtually yours. Now you just have to worry about battling. 

General Tips 
Don’t deploy to other systems. You can keep a VERY strong defense at Tatooine, its near impossible to take down, and if one of your ships goes down, you can relocate it to the DB if your AO is on the table.

Use the Fallen Portals to help keep the enemy at bay (pun intended), and track them so you can draw them again,

Don’t forget that TPCBALR lets you play an Interrupt from your lost pile, meaning you can play EIGHT tunnel visions. This is huge, and you have access to basically every card you need.

Now, the questions.

Why no harvest?
Including Harvest would mean that I should include 2 copies of Owen & Beru, 2 Moisture Farms (for safety) and then 3-4 Harvests. While it is a good card, this is an awful lot of space to dedicate to something. Especcially with SSPFT, Harvest will get shut down bad. You can also retrieve 4 force a turn from Celebration.

Choke?
For those of you unfamiliar, it either cancels the GT of one unique alien for reminder of turn (during control phase) or cancels your attrition if you forfeit an alien. We’ll be using it for the first use. While it was originally included for anti-EPP, it also works good against Raiders and Jawa decks containing 20,000 Jawa Packs. Remember, you can play it from your lost pile. It also can work good against a Black Sun Swarm deck with tons of atrittion.

Chewie Protector and not ECC?
More Anti-Alien. Too bad Guri has a power of 6.

Just two TTs?
Although some speed decks include four TTs, two will get the job done, especailly because you can play them again from the lost pile. The most Visages I’ve seen a HDADTJ deck have is 3.

------------------------------------------------------------
Vs.
-----------------------------------------------------------

Vs. 5d6/ABCTTU Lockdown
Ha Underworld Contacts KILLS them, and they will spread thin so you can beat them down. Grab Ghhhk, and Fallen Portal them when they come to you. You’ll wreck them in space if you stay still, but if you can’t resist the urge, go beat up a lone starfighter )

Vs. TDIGWATT
Unless they are flipping, which most DD decks don’t, you can kill their drains with Menace Fades. CC Occupation is annoying, but you can retrieve all your lost force with Celebration. You can Tunnel Vision for Luke and nail them at a DB, then transit back. Overall pretty easy. If they do flip, it will be a little bit harder because Menace doesn’t do anything to them. Just play smart.

Vs. HDADTJ
TT their Visages, and do it quick. You can grab their Holonet Transmission if you really want too. Their deck revolves around battling; yours around retrieval and force draining, so it should be a pretty interesting match. You can LiTW Vader for some fun )

Vs. BHBM
You can soak up the damage from Your Destiny with Celebration, but do you want too? If you’d like, get Luke from reserve. They’ll duel... blah blah... not many people play BHBM now it seems, but play smart like always. LiTW Vader if possible.
'