---
author: Joseph "bluehead" Hennessey
title: 'EIA: the Ewok Inteligence Agency'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-06
description: 'this is my attempt at an Ewok AITC deck. It uses Tessek to enhance the draining/reacting power of the ewok sentry.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting: (8)

	Agents in the Court / No Love for the Empire
	Heading for the Medical Frigate
	Yarna d&#8217;al&#8217; Gargan
	Uh-oh!
	Strike Planning
	Insurrection
	Tatooine: Hutt Trade Route (Desert)
	Jabba&#8217;s Palace: Audience Chamber

Characters: (37)

	Ewok Sentry (19)
	Ithorian (3)
	Tessek (2)
	Kazak (2)
	Teebo
	Wuta
	Wicket
	General Crix Madine
	Han w/ Heavy Blaster Pistol
	Leia w/ Blaster Rifle
	Luke w/ Lightsaber
	Obi-Wan w/ Lightsaber
	Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
	Chewbacca of Kashyyyk
	Daughter of Skywalker

Interrupts: (5)

	Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes (2)
	You Will Take Me To Jabba Now (2)
	Houjix & Out Of Nowhere

Effects: (5)

	Bargaining Table (2)
	Bo Shuda
	What&#8217;re You Tryin&#8217; To Push On Us?
	Do, or Do Not & Wise Advice

Locations: (5)

	Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
	Endor: Back Door
	Endor: Dense Forest
	Endor: Rebel Landing Site (Forest)
	Endor: Hidden Forest Trail 

Strategy: 

Turn 1:
	First and foremost, if you have a Tessek or YWTMTJN in your opening hand, GET TESSEK TO THE AUDIENCE CHAMBER! Pull Bo Shuda from Reserve and Deploy onto the AC. Next comes the Endor fun. Deploy whatever sites you get in your opening hand. If you didn’t get the Landing Platform, use Insurrection to pull it from reserve. Next use Strike Planning to pull Crix and (if you have enough force to deploy them both) Chewbacca. Use Chewbacca to deploy Wuta, and that should be enough support for first turn. You should deploy to the Landing Site if you get it out first turn, it’ll save you 2 force. If you have force left over either draw it up if you don’t have Tessek or YWTMTJN, or use to deploy another Endor site or extra support w/ Crix.

Turn 2:
	If you haven’t got Tessek to the Audience Chamber yet, do so right away. This has been the hardest thing for me to do with this deck so far. If there is a better way to get Tessek out fast, please let me know in your reviews! Ok, This turn you want to get Kazak out if you didn’t use him for extra support already. After this turn you need to just make judgment calls on what your best strategy will be. I’ve found two that should work fairly well:
1)	Spread and Drain! This Strategy works best with non-interactive games. It is also where this deck shines. With bonuses from Tessek, Kazak, and Ithorians, you have the possibility of draining for up to 5 force at each site! (But with only 3 Ithorians you can only get 4 at all but 3).
2)	Lure and React. This is a fairly good strategy but it only works really well once. (After one super beat down by Ewoks, a player usually learns to leave the lone Ithorian alone). Basically, leave an Ithorian or Daughter alone at an Endor site and let your opponent attempt a beat down. With Tessek in the AC, your Sentries deploy for NOTHING! So when your opponent sees you have no force saved back, they come in for the kill assuming you made a fatal mistake, when, in fact, you have lured them into doing so. Throw down all the sentries in your hand and all the ones sitting on the bargaining table and make them eat it.

I know this deck still needs quite a bit of work, but that’s where you guys come in. Please don’t leave any reviews telling me ”This Deck Sucks”, ”I wipe my @#$% with your deck” (Sander), etc... I would like some honest advice on what would make this deck better. THANKS!

Joseph ”bluehead” Hennessey   