---
author: John "Shadow 29" Anderson
title: 'those green men blowed up that bunker, again'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-06-04
description: 'Ummmmmm... what to say, just your standard RST with Tatooine stuff and blowing up of the bunker stuff in it.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Characters (18)

Luke With Lightsaber 
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Colonel Cracken 
Corporal Midge 
General Calrissian 
Lieutenant Blount 
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight 
Major Panno 
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Wuta 
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk 
Corporal Kensaric 
Daughter Of Skywalker 
General Crix Madine 
General Solo 
Orrimaarko 
Sergeant Brooks Carlson 
Qui-Gon Jinn 
Dash Rendar

Starships (6)

Outrider
Home One 
Gold Squadron 1 
Red Squadron 1 
Tala 1 
Tala 2 
Spiral

Podracer (1)

Anakin’s Podracer

Weapons (4)

Explosive Charge  x3
Anakin&#8217;s Saber

Effects (11)

Close Air Support  x2
Menace Fades 
Squadron Assignments (start)
Strike Planning  (start)
Your Insight Serves You Well 
Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice 
Battle Plan 
What’re You Tryin’ To Push On Us? 
Bacta Tank 
Don&#8217;t Do That Again
The Sheild is Down! (start)

Interrupts (7)

Punch It! 
The Signal x2
Take The Initiative x2
Throw Me Another Charge x2
Heading For The Medical Frigate (start)
Insertion Planning x3

Epic Events (1)

Deactivate The Shield Generator 

Locations (7)
Endor 
Endor: Back Door 
Endor: Bunker 
Endor: Chief Chirpa’s Hut 
Endor: Rebel Landing Site (Forest) 

Objective (1)

Rebel Strike Team/Garrison Destroyed 

Strategy: 

 
Response to reviews:

Okay, fine, its 61 cards. A simple miscount. Not enough to deck me several stars! Growl. Take out YISYW. Not many people playing numbers anymore. And I am not a scrub.


Early Game:

Using Strike Planning, if you get one of the generals, go get the other two. If not, grab Madine and let the flow of the game tell you whether you need Solo or Calrissian. Then I normally get Kensaric so your opponent has to pay out the wazoo to come and get you. Second turn I grab the Wookie to get Wuta, to grab those sites. Also use Madine to get Carlson, Midge, and Panno.Drop all your guys at the Landing Site, so Dark Side won’t have a chance. Also, if you get some ships keep them at Endor during the early game. Find Bunker and Deactivate the Sheild Generator and keep them in your hand. Get Close Air Support ASAP, then drop a Tala at Endor, and spread the scouts like butter on bread. =) Flip.

Post Flip:

Fortify all your sites and build, if you have characters to spare, a small hit squad if the DS gets careless. Have the Bacta Tank out to minimize your losses. The flip side of the objective prevents your drains from being reduced and Midge makes sure your drains aren’t ignored. Retrieve the rebels you’ve lost in battle, then go get them again with Madine. “All too easy.” Also blow the bunker after flip if you can to get the +2 bonus.

End Game:

End game? What end game? Your opponents inability to cancel or modify your drains, the tank, retreival, and the bunker being blown should have killed him by now. If not, cough*scrub*cough, you can afford to spread and drain even more. Have Fun!

I don’t believe in posting deck matchups, because it depends on each individual player, game, and opponent. Wanna know how to beat decks? Read tourny reports. Then review them, boost your tech rating +3!

Thanks for any reviews,
John.
