---
author: Stephen "Texan" Beckham
title: 'I am a clypto'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-08
description: 'Steal everything and laugh everytime it comes across in your deck.  Now that is tech.  Want more tech?  Beat some one down with their own ties, or use them as fofeit fodder.  TECH BABY!'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (7)
Quite Mining Colony / Independent Operations
Cloud City: Casino
Bespin
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Your Insight Serves You Well
Keeping the Empire Out Forever
Do or Do Not & Wise Advice

Locations (4)
Cloud City: Guest Quarters
Cloud City: West Gallery
Cloud City: North Corridor
Cloud City: Chasm Walkway

Characters (15)
Obi-Wan with Light saber x 2
Leia with Blaster Rifle x 2
Han with Heavy Blaster Pistol
Corran Horn
Captain Han Solo
Luke with Light saber x 3
Lieutenant Blount
Qui-Gon
Lando Calrission x 3

Devices (1)
Landing Claw

Starships (4)
Millennium Falcon x 2
Red 6 x 2

Interrupts (25)
The Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach x 4
Fall of the Legend x 3
The Signal
Fall Back x 2
Surprise Assault
Into the Ventilations Shaft, Lefty x 5
Cloud City Sabacc x 4
Out of Commission x 3
Trooper Sabacc x 2

Effects (4)
Traffic Control
Weather Vane
Bacta Tank
Goo Nee Tay

If you are seeing pod racing replace Chasm Walkway with Ani&#8217;s racer.
Also I usually play this deck with grimtassh but cannot figure out what to take out.  Tell me.


Strategy: 

Update
I will readdres the grabber situation.  Grabbers sucks.  They are balls I think.  Yes they do their job and they will hurt but my ”meta” doesnt play cheesy ass @#$%  :-)  Thanks.
Oh and clypto is an inside joke. It is misspelled on purpose but everyone spells it different, just look at my revs lol.  Laters.  

Update
Why Wedge in Ship?  That is two cards.  I have a hard enough time fitting what is in there in there.  I do not see why adding in two or three more cards would help.  Even with Wedge, I will get beat down.  A quick superfalcon is a one turn beat
I would add some more sabacc but I do not see the room for that either.  I know space is a tough game but like I say, if space is HUGE in your area, consider a different deck.  For my meta, this deck works, and not because people suck. I know I do not retreive off of Trooper Sabacc, but if I get my CC Sabacc grabbed that hurts balls.
Gift is sweet.  So is I know.  I used to Gift in there but I did not find myself using Gift since I need sabers separate places and I have yet to get an I Know.  Just did not find myself using it
I pack so many Lefties because they are lost and I need to keep them around.  If it take me a turn to retrieve them I could be screwed.
As far as damage goes, yeah I do lack some.  But with constand sabaccs you can do some damage.  Once you get good and track perfect sabaccs you stand a fighting chance.  I rely on EPP beats and some retrieval to keep me going.  Battle, get rid of them, retrieve and do it again.  With DS not really retieveing I feel I have the upper hand.
If they dropped Maul to the Casino, call me stupid but I would be happy.  Lando cannot be battled.  Now that is sweet since Maul is now a body guard.  Just wait till you have EPPs to beat him down.  Then he goes bye.

End Update
***********************************************************

Now to show you all a deck that very few people will be able to fully understand how to play.  No, it is not because every one sucks but good players, and me but you have to play this deck many times before you actually begin to win.  I won’t lie and say this has gone 34-0 in tournament play but I will say it is undefeated in tournament play.  “With that jank you are kidding me?” is probably what you are saying.  Well it is because when I made it, the two tournaments that I have tried to play in have not made it, therefore undefeated yet at the same time unplayed.  Well I lost tons of games at first because I had these sweet cards, I just couldn’t make them work.  But now that I have play tested it so much and it has taken its licks, it doesn’t lose too much.  Only one deck type (and a predominant one) that knows exactly how to beat me has done it.  I will explain later.

How to play this game.  It is not all that hard.  I have shown you what to start with.  I prefer to flip as fast as possible because I have yet to lose when I flip.  Trust me, I used to think flipping was not important but after I did I learned of how sweet Keeping the Empire out Forever really is.  Usually you will want to flip with Red 6 and Corran or Blount.  It depends on your game.  If you are playing a heavy space deck, use Blount so Corran can break cover of all the underlings and you can leave Red 6 in space to claw someone.  Against a ground deck I like to use Corran so I can flip, land and Corran can do his thing.  This way Blount stays in my hand for a late game twix drain or twix beat down.  So once you have flipped you should have Lando in hand.  There are so many ways to check where Lando is you should know if he is activated.  Once Lando is down the game is up in the air.  Here are some tips on what to do

-NEVER deploy Lando without the Weather Vane.  That is your saving grace
-Try to drain at all the sites but leave Lando ALONE.  With your bass @#$% weather vane tech would be leaving someone alone.
-If they drop on Lando and do not have weapon, wait for the ds to battle then use Into the Ventilations Shaft to get Lando the hell outta the ghetto.
-If they come down with a weapon put Lando in the Shaft before they battle.

Now here is how the Vane will work for you.  Lets say the ds battled you and you had to Shaft Lando.  Now do whatever you do during your deploy phase.   During your move phase move Lando back to the Casino, sabacc, retrieve, let them activate, sabacc, retrieve and Shaft Lando again.  What a cycle and it is done even better when you are pulling cards from your Force pile.  Epps mains will wipe up anyone that does not belong on cloud city, or at least that is what they are supposed to do.

Now for some explanations
Your Insight Serves You Well- I live in the “Justin Warren Meta” so a few people play Hunt down, numbers, pod racing.  This makes your saber swings on Sith an auto-hit and kills numbers.  Sweet card, never take out since everyone plays lots of dark Jedi.
Do or Do Not & Wise Advice- SAC kills me.  That is why I always play this to get the card back and force lots of loss on their part.  If you are playing against heavy SAC always keep Two Lando evaders in hand.
Cloud City: Chasm Walkway- With EPPS you can dwindle their forces down to nothing and beat up on the remaining guy that does not draw destiny alone.  Trust me, it has worked.
Lieutenant Blount- Cheap spy and he kinda hurts ISB Big Blue.  That helps.
Qui-Gon- Just a tank.  I used to have him and three Jedi Lukes but that was too expensive so I dropped all the Jedi Lukes and just used EPP and Qui-Gon. This way you always have someone left over.
Red 6- Destiny six ship.  Cheap and can land for a forfeit of five if you need it to.
The Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach- God card in this deck.  Lets you shuffle their perfect sabaccs and also lets you put a character on the vane back to a site during your move phase.
Fall of the Legend- Finally it does something.  Save a guy from the lose pile by putting them on the vane or simply get the vane out early game.
Fall Back- What is this card?  It is a five and it moves all your guys at a site to an adjacent site where no characters are.  Since everyone sees Lando and drops on him and they do not know about this card, I just move away.  Nice.  And it is a five.
Surprise Assault- Track and at the right moment make all those wienies hate you.
Out of Commission- Old school so you do not have to pay so you can place out of play hopefully a lot before they might retrieve something.
Trooper Sabacc- CC sabacc will probably get grabbed.  Use this to keep it rolling
Traffic Control- Easiest way to track and get rid of cards (monnok).  Good card especially with pod racer collision out there.
Goo Nee Tay- Make it expensive for them to try and lay the beat down on you.

Why no pucimir?  Well I do not need to worry about multiple people taking beats.  I do not drain all that much anyways.  I just sabacc and battle them to death so no room for another low destiny and character.
What if they sense your Lando evaders?  If I know I am playing SAC I usually keep two.  If they sense both, well that is what you get for playing Sabacc. Lol
What if they Monnok you, it will kill you?  Not really.  I will lose a couple cards but normally when I get cards I play them fast so I don’t have anything to get monnoked.
What if they grab stuff?  No one in my Meta plays grabbers.  I hear in certain areas people are playing three grabbers in each deck.  That sucks.  I probably would not play this there.  That or I would add that grimtassh.

Matchups
VS Hunt down
Tunnel for OOC.  EPP drop on them and kill them, then place them out of play.  Ok that is best-case scenario.  I don’t play OOC combo since I want them to lose to visage as much as possible.  That way I can win faster since I have tons of Jedi to keep it flipped.  EPP drop with Luke or Obi when you have AT LEAST 11 tracked on your destiny.  That will give you a fighting chance.  Use them else where needed.  Shouldn’t be too hard.  Have Qui-Gon sit where Vader is not to keep them flipped.  Epps should do well against this deck since you have high destiny.

VS DLS/JP Start
Once again Epps will do the game for you.  At least these guys do not have crush since that is a real hit in the head.  Epps plus Bacta tanks usually equals an easy way to get a lot of people gone and then place them out of play.  Have yet to have a difficult game here since they do not retrieve. Sac is bad here so make sure you have a Shaft and Fall Back for Lando.

VS ISB Big Blue
The toughest game.  I like to claw them, retrieve the claw and do it again.  That will at least save some force.  This game is a @#$% if they know your deck.  Save the Super falcon for that moment they forget to leave an Admiral somewhere.  Corran will break spy cover and maybe you can pull a beat down there.  Drains are a punk, but if you can Sabacc, track perfects, and track your sabaccs, you will pull through in the end.  They guy I play with comes with Executor second turn to Bespin with Chiranue and battle deployment.  That is almost game.  Do not get down.  Sabacc what you can and play moderately.  Wait to find that one chance to beat them down for massive force loss.  Try to only perfect sabacc too.  Surprise Assault will not do you much good unless you are playing someone who really does not know how to play Big Blue.  Once you are confident that they have all their ships out, you can take Blount to Coruscant to keep them from retrieving.

Well I hope you enjoyed.  This deck is not that bad and once you play with it enough you will see it is not that bad either.  Play smart and have fun.

Until next time, keep chillin.

Ryan
