---
author: brendon "marcop1975" smith
title: 'eloms beatdown everything even aleins'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-30
description: 'with as many eloms this deck has you can whoop down on aliens too.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Agents in the court/no love for the empire ( starting)

Effects: 14

bo shuda x2
Ultimatium
the signal
bacta tank
grappling hookx3
under world contacts(starting)
seeking an audience(starting)
barganing table
Yarna d al gargan (starting)
Do or do not/wise advice( starting)
what are they trying to push on us

Interupts: 10
Ke chu ke kukuta? x2
nar shada wind chimes x2
rebel barrier
heading for the medical frigate( starting)
shoking information/grimtash
frozen assets
Whaaaaaaaaaoooooooow
Houjix/ out of now where


Characters: 25

elom x16
tessek x2
treva horme
tanus spijek x3
Loje nella
Oola
coran horn 

Star Ships: 2

gold leader in gold 1
red leader in red 1

Site: 5
Jp: Audience chanber
Tattooine Jabba palace(starting)
Tattooine: hutt trade route(starting)
Jabbas palace: antechamber
Jabba palace: entrance cavern

Transport vechiles: 1
Racing skiff



Strategy: 

Stratagy:

       This is my Eloms from Heck!!!! 

       Now we all know that people play with aleins but the heart and sole of most dark side decks is imperials. With my eloms i can desimate vader if he thinks that vader can stand up to a bunch of little power 1 ability 2 eloms. But with my objective i can use tanus spejik to make them power 2 forfeit 4 eloms. And when they are with imperials they are power 5. Now 5 power 5 eloms is the best beat down squad there is for aleins. That is 25 power plus destiny to his 6-7 and destiny, you do the math the thing that will save him is a gshhk. That is the only thing that will save him from losing whole bunch of force. 

       Another one of the many asspects of this deck is, tessek. He is a galid for the ls and cancels galids game text while he is at audience chamber. That means if they come down to get you while you are force draining you can send over the beat down squad and kill them that way. 

       If you need to save up force and dont want to put down a whole lot to save your self from a early beat down from vader and tarkin use ke chu ke kutkata? and make vader go back to his hand and then you get a easy battle against tarkin. 

       Grappling hook anything that comes your way, my bro playes with imperials and trooper assults, normally this would hurt but he isnt smart enough to do anything about it, so then grappling hook it and then he playes it again the next battle and i grappling hook it again, sorry no more trooper assults. 

       I know most people wuold play with order to engage but i found that more and more poeple are playing with point man in my area and it is a waste. So now i use another elom in its place. If you find that people dont play with point man inn your area take out the elom and put order to engage in. It makes them lose 3 force per turn, if they dont battle you at a site with presence. i also need to put in a oonnee ta but i dont have one at the moment. 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

For most deck types i play it the same way, deploy my needed stuff to audience chamber. Get my card flipped. And then battle and force drain him to death. You will find that it actually works. I havent played it against a whole lot of decks yet so i cant tell how to play against them except for the ubove advice. try and play this deck and bet you will have a ball handing your opponent his but. remember to smile and say ”may the force be with you”

Thanks in advance for the reveiws, 

Boshek1 
(Brendon)
