---
layout: post
author: Spencer "s_ skywalker" Ball
title: 'Balls Just Too Damn Good WYS'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-06-23
description: ! 'Well, as I said this is my just too damn good WYS. Id like to start by telling you that too make this deck work you need lots of confidence in it. It seems like you will get beaten on ground and even air but that is not the case. I can take any deck'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting

Watch Your Step/I Told You To Watch Your Step
Tatooine Cantina 
Tatooine Docking Bay
Tatooine
Podrace Prep
Tatooine Podrace Arena
Anakin’s Podracer
Boonta Eve Podrace
Squadron Assignments


Locatoins

Kessel
Tatooine Mos Eisley


Characters

Han w/ Heavy Blaster Pistol x2
Chewbacca Protector x2
Luke w/ Lightsaber x2
Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout
Lando w/ Blaster Pistol
Dash Rendar
Mirax Terrik
Melas
Wedge Antilles
Talon Karrde
Palace Raider x3
Artoo & Threepio


Starships & Vehicles

Millennium Falcon
Outrider
Pulsar Skate
Red Squadron 1
Patrol Craft x3


Effects

Menace Fades
Battle Plan
Tatooine Celebration
Bacta Tank
Traffic Control


Interrupts

A Step Backward x3
The Signal x2
Control & Tunnel Vision x3
A Jedi’s Resilience
It Can Wait
Sorry About The Mess & Blaster Proficiency
Run Luke, Run
Life Debt
Glancing Blow
Effective Repairs
Artoo, I Have A Bad Feeling About This
Losing Track
Cantina Brawl
Too Close For Comfort


Epic Events

I Did It
'

Strategy: '

Well, as I said this is my just too damn good WYS. I’d like to start by telling you that too make this deck work you need lots of confidence in it. It seems like you will get beaten on ground and even air but that is not the case. I can take any deck on the ground and in the air. WYS is too good when teamed up with podracing. I cannot believe how good this deck is. It has never lost a game. Although I haven’t played anybody who is a household name though swccg players because I haven’t had it all that long a week. But I’d like too try this beast out in Toronto the next tourney I can make it too.

Starting

Watch Your Step/I Told You To Watch Your Step
Tatooine Cantina 
Tatooine Docking Bay
Tatooine
Podrace Prep
Tatooine Podrace Arena
Anakin’s Podracer
Boonta Eve Podrace
Squadron Assignments

Now if you look at what I start with. Without the opponent giving me even one force I activate 7 on my first turn. Now that is huge. 

I start with Squadron Assignments too get an early presence on Kessel. 

First turn, pull I did it before you activate. Then activate your seven and pull kessel, get either pulsar skate or outrider down to kessel with their respected pilot. And if you have any left over force deploy luke too cantina. Against walker garrison I activated 9 first turn, deployed pulsar skate and mirax at kessel and EPP Lucas at cantina. He was loosing 5 since turn 1 of the game which makes it nearly impossible too even come close to winning since that 5 starts too add up since turn 1. Second turn, activate as 8 + whatever your opponent gives you and tunnel vision the mos eisley get that down so you can begin the ’classic cantina shuffle’. Throw another pilot onto either pulsar skate or outrider. Too maintain your control of the system. Throw down two smugglers to the cantina too back up luke. Turn 3, activate 10 + what your opponent gives you drain for 5 shuffle and that’s a drain for 6. Your card will be flipped. Now deploy a palace raider on a patrol craft down too block their drains and just react away while you start to get your hand ready for a beating. Turn 4, drain for 6 plus whatever you can drain with, with your reacting patrol crafts. And continue to do this until you get your hand ready.

Now once your hand is ready and the time is right, deploy han w/ heavy, chewie protector and as many patrol crafts and palace raiders as possible.  Initiate battle, you target with han then draw your 3 plus 1 for each patrol craft/palace raider mix you have down usually about 2 so that’s 5 now play life debt and you draw 7 destiny. With the huge destinies in the deck you should have a huge total and easily clear the site and cause tons of battle damage. Now just move your Han, Chewie team around and clear the board (don’t forget to play interrupts from your lost pile.) and by this time they shouldn’t have much life force left. Just drain them like a beast while they cant do squat since you own the board. 

Side Strategies

Activate the Podrace once you have 6 force in your lost pile. You will win the Podrace easily with your podracing interrupts and being able too play them from your lost pile. They loose 6. Throw down I Did It And retrieve one a turn.

If somehow you are playing like a fool or the opponent has done early damage just move over to Tatooine from kessel, throw down Tatooine celebration and watch as you retrieve a bundle. 

Smugglers have killer forfeit with wys + talon karde. WYS + talon Karde makes wedge and chewie, han and others 10 forfeit. Throw them to the bacta tank, this is a good way to absorb damage. Also if they cancel your react against your patrol craft, people don’t realize how strong they are you have power 4 + destiny (average around 3) so that’s 7 power they have maybe 10 ohh no. the patrol craft is forfeit 3 + the palace raider is 3 (+2 from the flipped WYS) for a total of 8. so even if they have 15 power you don’t have too lose any force. 

Individual Card Notes

Artoo & Threepio - pull Artoo I have a bad feeling about this throw this combo into your beatdown force to prevent the opponent from drawing destiny and you can play the interrupt from your lost pile.

Glacing Blow - the opponent comes down with the vader to beat down on luke first turn. (this works anytime but this is really cool) they think your gonna get a beating you play this make vader power = 0 they draw like a 2 for destiny you draw a 3 your power is 8 their’s is 2, who’s laughing now. 

I Did It - I hate imperial barrier. This gets rid of imperial barrier and other pesky interrupts on your turn like you are beaten. If they loose 2 force too barrier all the sudden I kinda like barrier. 

It Can Wait - Everyone thinks they are so cool with their blast door controls so you cannot barrier. But this interrupt gets around that pesky effect. As well It is funny as the opponents beatdown force now is gonna get completely killed by your guyz and then next turn the second half is gonna get it too since they must deploy the guy to the same site the next turn.

Run Luke, Run - What a great card for battles with luke deploy luke to the site adjacent where you are beating down then play this and all the sudden epp luke is more powerful than usual.

Cantina Brawl - This is major.major tech they take over the cantina thinking they’ll sit their and drain you for 2+ a turn or you come and fight. Play this card and most big guyz are destiny 1’s how often does a 1 pop up for destiny in dark decks what tech. Plus you can play it from your lost pile miss the first time??? Now problem try again.


Matchups

Walker Garrison - You need to play smart set up fast and deal as much damage as possible before you set up your patrol crafts will be killer. Don’t worry about opposing them at the hoth system. Just kill them on hoth and don’t forget to set up the kessel and cantina shuffle drains asap.

BHBM - Easily done. Play smart. You don’t depend on luke, so its no biggy. They wont be able to handle your drains and podracing. Just make sure you battle smart and back up your drain forces.

Hunt Down Podracing - You will win the Podrace and when they come to duel you just play a jedi’s resilence. And then beat the hell out of them with your smugglers. The key here is a step backwards. If they are playing non-prodracing hunt down. Ask them what they think they are doing playing hunt down without podracing and then just win the game easy.

Agents of Black Sun - Get luke down ASAP. Get menace fades out quick to deal with vigo’s. a jedi’s resilence is sweet in this because they will focus everything on killing luke and if he dies just take him into hand. If the player is smart they will aim to capture luke. Just back up luke and those bounty hunters will not make it till through the battle to get away with luke with all your destinys and thus attrition. 

Ralltiir Ops - Come on Your drains will be shut down so you’ll have to go after them. Instead of putting that first ship to kessel first turn, deploy it to Tatooine and move it over to ralltiir, so they cannot flip.  Back up at ralltiir and if they wanna flip they’re gonnna have to come to space where you will murder them. And you beatdown force will kill them. Lets face it ralltiir has seen better days.

Court - its pretty simple, just down let them capture you. If they do don’t let any bounty hunters make it through the battle.

Scum - haven’t seen one of these since Tatooine, but it should be easy, those early drains are gonna sting. Just play exactly how the strategy says.

ISB - ISB on the scum, you will kill them.
	ISB space, you win in space too. 

Set Your Course - If they blow it up then play like walker garrison (lots of damage as fast as possible), if they are playing ground beats, then just wait for them to attempt to beat down then ’it can wait’ vader, and then beat them down with your beatdown force. 

This deal is getting worse all the time - easy - set up menace fades, battle plan and then beat the down.


All in all, this WYS can handle any dark side deck. If played right its is huge. The key to playing this deck is to think and play like a "BEAST"


This is Ball Signing Out
'