---
layout: post
author: ! Nick "JediBrain" Stefanko
title: ! "All For Her v1 3"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-05-11
description: ! 'This deck went 3-1 at the CA State Championship.It’s mains backed with very high destiny and massive retrieval ability.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'LOCATIONS - 7
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Death Star Detention Block Corridor
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Rendezvous Point
Yavin 4 Docking Bay
Yavin 4 Massassi Headquarters
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room

CHARACTERS - 18
8D8 (x3)
Artoo
C-3PO (See-Threepio)
Corran Horn
Daughter Of Skywalker
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol (x2)
Lando With Vibro-Ax (x2)
Luke With Lightsaber
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber (x3)
Owen Lars & Beru Lars
Prisoner 2187 (x2)

VEHICLES - 4
Lift Tube (x4)

WEAPONS - 1
Leia’s Blaster Rifle

DEVICES - 2
Mercenary Armor (x2)

EFFECTS - 9
A Gift
Battle Plan
Death Star Plans (x2)
Echo Base Garrison
Goo Nee Tay
Ounee Ta
Seeking An Audience
Staging Areas
Undercover

INTERRUPTS - 17
Blast The Door, Kid (x2)
Fall Back
Fallen Portal (x3)
Lift Tube Escape (x4)
On The Edge (x2)
Slight Weapons Malfunction (x2)
Strangle
The Signal
Warrior’s Courage

OBJECTIVE - 1
Rescue The Princess/Sometimes I Amaze Even Myself '

Strategy: '

Starting
Rescue The Princess/SIAEM, D* Detention Block Corridor, D* DB327, Yavin 4 DB, Yavin 4 Massassi War Room, The Signal for Echo Base Garrison

Strategy
First turn, pull 8D8 and send him on to meet Prisoner (use Lift Tubes to go faster).  Flip as fast as you can, then use your mains to ravage the DS ranks and place uniques out of play.  If worried about Prisoner getting worked on her way to Yavin 4, wait to draw some utility interrupts to help out.
With Prisoner 2187 and the D*DBC, you should have some good drains going in the end.
Use D* Plans and On The Edge to retrieve when necessary; if Secret Plans is out, track a little low in order to keep the flow of retrieval going.
As long as you have a D* Plans not in lost pile, keep 2 Lift Tubes on table so as to complete them in 2 turns.  Every time you draw a Lift Tube, deploy it and use Lift Tube Escape to recirculate and track it.
You should have enough Force coming from the twixes + whatever your opponent gives you, but if you’re not getting enough Force generation to do everything you’d like, then drop people to the DBs w/ Staging Areas out, and use Fallen Portal if they come after you.

Vs.
Hunt Down Use spies to cancel Visage.  Flip fast and go after Vader.  Once he’s gone, mop up whatever else comes your way.  Sit on Executor sites and drain away.

BHBM Play offensively and wait for your opponent to make the first move.  Once Vader is down, give up Luke; until then, use for as much suicide work you want (try to avoid stacking, though).  You should win many duels.  Save spies for offing Palpatine, and drain at Death Star II sites.

Scum Start Seeking An Audience instead of EBG, and first turn deploy Artoo.  Next turn, pull A Gift and do it; if Ephant Mon is at the AC, then pull C-3PO and Gift him.  Draw for Ounee Ta, then go into the Palace.  Against MKOS, target Bib and/or Jabba first, so that they don’t get the objective bonus; then go after Myo (or whatever other Rep).  Against Court, take the fight to them and get rid of all their hunters.  Against ISB-ORS, be careful.  Pick off their biggest drain sites first.

Non-Scum ISB Go after the ISB agents aggressively to make them OOP.

Black Sun Kill off Xizor once flipped.  That’s game right there.

Space Maximize your drains on the ground, and retrieve everything.  If space decks are heavily prevalent in your meta, put I Hope She’s Alright and Home One in the deck. '