---
layout: post
author: ! Zane "Godzanet" Thorp
title: ! "There is Good in Him  I’m Pretty Sure"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-09-05
description: ! 'A classic strategy that has worked well for a while now. Nothing dazzling, just something that has worked.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
There is Good in Him/...

Locations (6)
Endor Chief Chirpa’s Hut (starting)
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay) (starting)
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Home One Docking Bay
Tatooine Mos Espa Docking Bay
Cloud City Docking Bay

Rebels (10)
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x2 (starting)
Luke w/ Lightsaber
Obi-Wan w Lightsaber x2
Han w/ Heavy Blaster Pistol x2
Chewbacca, Protector
Chewie w/ Blaster Rifle
Corran Horn

Aliens (4)
Lando w/ Vibro Ax
Tawss Khaa
Jar Jar Binks
Phylo Gandish

Other (3)
Threepio w/ Parts Showing
Qui-Gon
Master Qui-Gon

Starships (6)
Home One
Independence
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Lando in Falcon
Green Squad A-Wing

Weapons and Devices (3)
Luke’s Saber (starting)
Qui-Gon’s Saber
Landing Claw

Effects (11)
I Feel the Conflict (starting)
Staging Areas (starting)
Insurrection (starting)
Do or Do Not & Wise Advice (starting usually)
Bacta Tank
Battle Plan & Draw Their Fire
Honor of the Jedi
What are You Tryin’ to Push on Us x2
Ounee Ta
Your Insight Serves You Well

Interupts (16)
Gift of the Mentor
Don’t Get @#$%y
A Jedi’s Resilience
Fallen Portal x2
The Signal x2
Out of Commission x2
On the Edge x2
A Few Manuevers
Throw Me Another Charge
Fall of the Legend
Changing the Odds
Heading for the Medical Frigate (starting)


'

Strategy: '

This deck uses a whole hell of a lot of old stuff, such as the docking bay effects and edge retrieval. But it worked then, and it is really working now. 
In the area that I play in, nobody plays any kind of defense cards. In the tournaments that I have been in and watched, I have seen Fanfare exactly once. That is once in 24 games. I’ll take my chances.

This deck is pretty simple and to the point, but there are some things that I would like to put in writing before I put up strategy on matchups. 

Locations 
 Before Tatooine, every deck I played had docking bays. Then came out Fanfare and Don’t Do That Again, so I quit playing docking bays. But I soon realized that no one in my area even thinks to put those in their decks, so there you have it. 

Retrieval 
On the Edge Retrieval is one of the coolest things that the lightside has at it’s disposal, so I use it. There is nothing better to get important cards back into your deck or just to raise your differential in the end. 

Space 
I am aware that I have no systems in the deck. That is fine with me. If Dark is not playing space then I have stuff to throw away for force drains. But if they are playing space then I have a force that can deal with it. 


On with the matchups.

vs. Dark Deal
	Well this could get a little interesting. Use your big ships to try and hold Bespin and use your other little ships to try and hold Cloud City. Otherwise pull your Cloud City docking bay and bring Luke on in. Hit them hard and fast with your EPPs. Just find a way to hold the drains down to a couple of sites at most. 

vs. Agents of the Black Sun
	I have already seen this matchup more than I would have liked to, but I have  been quite succesful so far. Just move Luke to the Endor Docking Bay and back him up with some buddies and never see the flip side of that objectice. In the late game, I have given up Luke to the Emperor to inflict damage and when I have got my retrieval going. Easier than most matchups. Kick Arse

vs. Hunt Down
	Now this is one of those matchups that you really hate to see. I have put one copy of A Jedi’s Resilience in the deck, and it has usually been enough, but not always. Just try to hold off Vader and Maul and use Qui-Gon to keep their objective flipped so you both take damage from Visage. Myabe you will be able to get out Honor quickly to avoid the damage early. Play well.

vs. Bring Him Before Me
	The fact of the matter is that you are going to lose Luke to an Imperial, but that is fine. When they drop Vader to move Luke over, drop and beat the crap out of him. Easy right? Yeah, I wish. This one is going to be rough. Real rough. Jump on their mistakes and don’t make any yourself and you will pull it off. 

Everything else is in your best judgement. Play to the Dark side. Don’t wait for them to come after you. I don’t play like that, so my decks don’t either. This deck has performed real well so far, but it is always a challenge. That is the whole point. 

Play on
'