---
layout: post
author: ! Mike "Kessling" Kessling
title: ! "Ramapo LS- MWYHL Mains ATLANTA STYLE"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-06-20
description: ! "This is a deck that I along with Adam Drake used at Ramapocon. Charlie Herren also used a similar deck, but his was more superfalcon oriented."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting
MWYHL/SYIC
Dagobah
Podrace Prep
Anakins Podracer
Boonta Eve Podrace
YISYW/Don’t Do that Again

Sites
Dagobah Swamp
Dagobah Yodas Hut
Dagobah Training Area
Dagobah Jungle
Tatooine Cantina

Ships
Home One
Falcon

Weapons
Lukes Saber
Qui-Gons Saber

Epic Events
I did It

Guys
Naked 3PO
Lando with Ax
Orrimaarko
Corran Horn
Chewie Protector
Luke Jedi Knight
EPP Luke x2
EPP Han x2
EPP Leia x2
Qui God Jinn x2
EPP Obi x3
Yoda

Effects
Draw Their Fire
Ounee Ta
Honor Of the Jedi
Battle Plan
YISYW
Push on us x2
Dont do that Again

Interrupts
On the Edge
Barrier
Weapon Lev
OOC/TT x2
Neck and Neck
Bith Shuffle/DR x2
A Jedis Resilliance x2
Too Close for Comfort x2
A Step Backward x3
Jedi Escape x2
Nabrun
'

Strategy: '

This deck is supposed to start the Podrace Arena...

At Ramapo I played Test One but for the Team Tourney I changed it for the 3rd A Step Backward. If you want change it back in. If you don’t want to test to one change the Training area to the Bog Clearing. Sorry about that.

And why the grabbers with no wise advice? Becuase I don’t mind paying for them and I normally save about 5-6 force a turn if I have a decently sized hand.

------

Charlie had been playing around with a hit and run mains deck that had podracing and superfalcon that started MWYHL. When we got to ramapo I didn’t have a LS decided upon but I did like the look of Charlie’s deck. After going from room to room I noticed that ground was the most popular, and HDADTJ jizz would be running rampant. I decided to take the platform of Charlie’s deck but remade it into a beatdown deck that is full of tech (Jedi Escape is TECH). I played against 3 huntdown jizz decks over the weekend and won each game by 20+.

This deck is solid and performed well for me at Ramapo losing only 3 games all weekend for me- to Charlie Herren, Dominic from Canada, and Ed the Michigan state runner-up. Also Adam Drake used a carbon copy of this deck and only lost 1 game with it over the weekend. Props to Alex Tennet.  

This deck is simple...beat down with mains...win the podrace...play defensively untill there is an opening. The space package is minimal becuase I didn’t expect a lot of space at Ramapo and besides the ISB space there really wasn’t a lot. The ships I play can disrupt people in space, they aren’t going to clear space for you. This deck is 1-0 against ISB space beating Mike Dalton by 15 during the DPC.

This is a very good deck, play smart, start DDTA against Mob Points or IAO/YCHF. 

This deck wins by a lot. At Ramapo I had atleast 3 games with dif of over 30 with it.    '