---
layout: post
author: ! joe "brangus" horbey
title: ! "Horbey’s Techy X-Wing Deck"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-13
description: ! ' This deck forces your opponent to play your game, giving you the advantage.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (8)
Rendezvous Point (start)
Endor
Kessel
Yavin 4
Kiffex
Bothawui
Forest
HB INDICATOR

Characters (7)
Obi With Saber
Luke With Saber
Harc Seff
Boussh
TK-422
Momaw Nadon
Bothan Spy

Effects (12)
Undercover x2
BoShuda
Rebel Fleet
S-Foils
Wise Advice/Do Or Do Not
Aim High
Your Insights Serve You Well
Honor of the Jedi
Legendary Starfighter
Civil Disorder
Order To Engage

Interrupts (15)
The Signal x3
All-Wings Report In x2
Organized Attack x3
Control/Tunnel Vision
Heading for the Medical Frigate [start]
Rebel Barrier x2
Power Pivot
Transmission Terminated x2

Weapons (1)
X-wing Laser Cannon

Other (2)
Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip....

Starships (15)
Xwing x14
Lando In Millenium Falcon
'

Strategy: '

Let me start off with some card explanations, because I’m sure some people are puzzled by some of my choices.

==Harc Seff/Bo Shuda==

With R2 out, and all the scum decks showing up in the top 10 on decktech, I had to tech against scum; and this combination neutralizes it. Your basically shutting down 3 drains with 2 cards. Harc Seff will be drawn eventually during the game, or Tunnel Visioned for; and BoShuda can be had with one of your 3 Signals, so the combination isn’t that difficult to pull off. Drop BoShuda to the AC, and drop Harc there; now you are blocking the AC drain, and the two drains adjacent to the AC.

==<>Forest==


Most people already know that this is anti S+D, and anti Battle Order. Play this off of Yavin 4, dump some x-wings to Yavin, and an epp to the forest; and your set. You will receive the power bonus from the planet, and have immunity to attrition - a combo that no dark side player wants to go against.

==Legendary Starfighter==

Really not tech, but it needs some explaining. This card will win a game if you manage to pull it off. It is the determining factor in a late game situation, and it puts pressure on the opponent the entire game if you can pull it off early enough. Definitely enough to warrant 2 card slots to it.

==Aim High==

Retrieval is finding its way into nearly every dark side deck nowadays, and this severely hampers it. This will give you the edge over TIE’s and Scum.


EARLY GAME STRATEGY

I usually start off by deploying whatever x-wings I have drawn to rendezvous point, and move them to Endor, all for free. If you have organized attack early on, play it lost to get some x-wings. By doing this, you put pressure on the opponent from turn 1, which is a large advantage IMO. From there, simply set up your x-wings at planets, and make sure you have some escape cards - Barrier, Hyper Escape. I try not to flip until absolutely necessary, like if you need to drain fast against Court and MKOS, or need to cancel drains against BHBM.

LATE GAME STRATEGY

If you fear that your opponent is building up an armada of ships in his hand, then clump your x-wings to the following planets in the following situations

Kessel and Kiffex  Clump here if your going against a deck that doesn’t have Battle Order/Search and Destroy going.

Kessel or Kiffex, and Yavin 4  Clump here if you need to drop the <>Forest and a character to satisfy S+D.

Otherwise, spread and drain like mad. Retrieve with All Wings Report In.


DECK MATCHUPS


VS. Bring Him Before Me

This game is a cake walk. You are going to cancel his drains no matter what - nobody plays with 4 snipers. The average BHBM deck sports 2 draining locations; CC Docking Bay, and Endor Docking Bay; both of which you will nullify with 1 of your 4 undercover spies, Rebel Fleet, or HB. Suicide attack Luke if you feel it’s necessary, if not, give him to Vader and make him lose force. Play smart in space, that means don’t spread to thin because most BHBM decks have a large space package.

VS. Hunt Down

Hunt Down is another deck with a limited number of locations to drain at; so block his drains with spies. Cancel his visage with TT, or use it against him with Honor. Drain in space and win.

VS. Court

Court used to be a tough match up for my deck, but now it is fairly easy. You have several weapons against Court that will give you the edge you need to win. First, you have a good amount of undercover spies, 2 of which aren’t good appetizers for Bubo. Second, you have the BoShuda/Harc Seff combination; which will win you the game if you manage to get it out. Third, you have a way of getting around his Search and Destroy by using the Forest. The only way he is going to deal damage is with his objective, assuming he is using No Escape to nullify your honor. 1 force loss a turn isn’t much; in fact you will most likely retrieve it all at the end with All Wings Report In. His Bounty Hunter ships are nothing compared to x-wings; if he comes to space then he is going to get the holy hell beat out of him.

VS. MKOS

This matchup runs about the same as Court, except that he has no direct damage except for S+D, which you can get around. I like playing against MKOS better than Court with this deck.

VS. TIE’s

This is about the only tough matchup you will have with this deck. The TIE’s are going to be slightly more powerful than your x-wings, but not as cheap. You have a few things that should give you an edge in this game; being  Aim High, Endor, and Legendary Starfighter. Take control of Wakeelmui so he will have to pay a lot for his TIE’s, and another BG system. If you can avoid the intial TIE beatdown; then your chances of winning go up dramatically.

VS. Endor Ops

He will be deploying ships to space, maybe 2 at a time. You will beat the crap out of whatever he deploys with X-wings; easy game.  '