---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "Dvader" Girard
title: ! 'Girards Super D* drain'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-06
description: ! 'This deck is a drain monster  Get some ties, get some spies, get some love'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Imperial Occupation/Imperial Control

Locations (10)
Alderaan
swamp
Wakeelmui
Death Star Docking Bay Control Room
Death Star Conference Room
Death Star War Room
Death Star Level 4 Military Corridor
Death Star Central Core
Death Star Detention Block Corridor
Death Star Detention Block Control Room

Characters (10)
Barron Soontir Fel x2
Storm Trooper x8

Starships (12)
Saber 1 x2
Tie Interceptor x10

Creatures (1)
Sleen

Interrupts (18)
Tactical Support x4
All Power to Weapons x4
Trooper Assault x4
Short Range Fighters x2
Abyssin Ornament
Prepared Defenses
Twi-Lek Advisor x2

Effects (8)
Sienar Fleet Systems
Dreaded Imperial Starfleet
Return to Base
Oppressive Enforcement/There is no Try
Mobilization Points
Secret Plans
Presence of the Force x2


'

Strategy: '

The way it works

First turn pull Wakeelmui and a Sleen to the swamp.  Get SFS running and POTF on Alderaan (for additional drain).  Get Soontir Fel and his TIE legion to Alderaan and use Tactical Support to get Stormtroopers on the Death Star, or for a large beatdown squad.  Don’t blow your load too early against a Houjix, and try to only fill up your hand when you’re ready to deploy a ton of stuff to Alderaan/DS sites.

Against WYS, you just go to Alderaan and drain the living cr@p out of them.  They don’t run bargaining table.  they only retrieve 3/turn, and you drain for like 6 or 7.  Even with Harvest, they cannot hope to come back from the early drains of 6 that you’re going to hit them with.  If it really comes down to a drain race, just use Tactical Support to keep retrieving troopers and ties.

Against TIGIH just drain for a ton.  They cannot hope to stand up to your 8+ attrition in space from Fel.

Against Hidden Base, they’ll never use OMDH for fear of a beatdown.  If they flip, you lose, but don’t worry because noone flips Hidden Base anymore  Just read the DohMan’s Skrilling deck and listen to his wisdom

Against Profit, just make sure you get an early drain going, plus make sure you get Dreaded Imperial Starfleet out to cancel drains.

Against Jedi Testing you probably lose too, but WHO RUNS THAT CR@P?  Just hope you get in a good drain by turn 3 maybe before they finish Test 1.

Against AITC you’ll have a tough time, but the early force they give you should get you through for a bit.  Time a well placed trooper beatdown on a lone Chadra Fan and hopefully it’ll put you over the edge.  Beware the Bargaining Table.

Against Xwing Swarm you’ll have your toughest game.  Just hope they don’t get Rebel Fleet going so you can get the early drain and maybe they’ll lose a system off the top so they can’t flip.

Cards you might want to include

Hut Smooch x3 if you think you need them.
Masterful Move (to get Ghhk)
Ghhk x2 (if you don’t run the Hut Smooch, or you fear Nabrun Leids)

Remember that the clock is ticking as soon as you start to drain on turn 3.  Large drains, Secret Plans, retrieval, and fear of a beatdown will keep your opponent guessing until it’s too late

Tech money and a big 5 cats in a barn to ME for writing this deck 
'