---
layout: post
author: ! Darth Vader "The Dark" Lord of The Sith
title: ! "Seek Out And Destroy The Jedis"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-18
description: ! "Staring Darth Maul and Darth Vader.Co-Staring Mara Jade, Emporer Palpatine, Jabba The Hutt, and Prince Xizor.Guest Appearances By Grand Moff Tarkin, Destroyer Droids, and Aurra Sing."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Characters (19)

Darth Maul x2
Darth Maul, Young Apprentice
Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith
Lord Vader
Grand Moff Tarkin
Aurra Sing
Mara Jade, The Emperor?s Hand x2
Destroyer Droid x2
Prince Xizor
Emperor Palpatine
Jabba the Hutt
Sith Probe Droid x3
Gamall Wironicc

Effects (5)

You Want This, Don?t You?
No Escape
You Cannot Hide Forever - STARTING
I Will Find Them Quickly, Master - STARTING
His Name is Anakin - STARTING

Interrupts (16)

Dark Strike x2
None Shall Pass x2
The Empire?s Back
Vader?s Obsession x2
The Circle is Now Complete x2
Maul Strikes x2
Weapon Levitation
Focused Attack
Force Lightning x2
Prepared Defenses - STARTING

Weapons and Devices (7)

Maul?s Lightsaber x2
Vader?s Lightsaber
Darth Vader?s Lightsaber
Mara Jade?s Lightsaber
Dark Jedi Lightsaber
Maul?s Electrobinoculars

Epic Events (3)

Epic Duel x2
If The Trace Was Correct

Locations (10)

Tatooine Jabba?s Palace
Tatooine Desert Landing Site
Tatooine Jabba?s Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine Jabba?s Palace Lower Chamber?s
Tatooine Jabba?s Palace Entrance Cavern
Tatooine Mos Espa
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Coruscant Docking Bay '

Strategy: '

	This deck, improved than the first, has a higher destiny average due to throwing out some destiny 1 cards that I didn’t need really. Also, the addition of Sith Probe droids for assistance retrieval. The Dark Jedis move in for the kill with their lightsabers with Palpatine’s zapping fingers killing the opponent more. 
	Tarkin, Jade, Xizor, and Jabba provide assistance and Tarkin follows Vader wherever he goes. Jade cuts up people to. The E-Binocs are used to compensate for the average destiny between 2 and 4. Jabba stays at the Audience Chamber, draining and adding activation. Xizor takes up the ability requirement so prehaps the opponent loses the destiny. 
	Destroyer Droids add to the loss te opponent gets, they stay together. Sith probes Help Capturing Padme, who the Light Side has been using alot in my area and i think around the world, probably more than Queen Amidala, Ruler Of Naboo. 

Against TIGIH	
	Put Vader out at Tatooine and keep Luke away from him. Keep Mara and Tarkin with Vader and if Maul down, have him take out Luke and since he’s not an Imperial, he cannot capture Luke. Stay on Tatooine and drain until he decides to move to Tatioone. If you get Luke captured, make sure you get Emporer to Luke’s location and zap him to death.

Against MBO
	Move to Yavin 4 or deploy Maul and Xizor and Mara to Yavin 4 and cut up his Rebel Techs if he has some there, if you get control of the surface, he can’t flip and the Death Star can’t be destroyed.

Against EBO
	Stay on Endor and drain with Maul at the Desert Landing Site. If you’re couragous enough, get Emporer, Vader, Mara, and Maul to go to Hoth and swarm him with Lightsabers and sheer power and strength so you can cancel EBO.

Against HB
	Not much here, it’s a drain race.

Against MWYHL
	Haven’t had much experience against this deck design but if you go to Dagobah with Emporer, Vader, Mara, and Maul, I think you could take out Luke or Leia and Yoda possibly. But as I said, I haven’t had much experience against this deck.

Against Profit
	Haven’t played against this much eitheir except for one game a year ago. Put up Jabba at the Audience Chamber and have Vader and mara set up camp with Jabba and don’t let them rescue Han.

Against RST
	If you wait and drain to see what they’ve got, you could find the weak point could be. Xizor, tarkin, Destroyer Droids, Vader, Mara, Maul, and the Emporer should be enough to storm Enodr and vanquish the enemy. I had an RST deck a year ago and I found that the cards to expect is Luke Skywalker Jedi Knight and his Lightsaber, Daughter of Skywalker, General Solo and Chwebacca of Kashyyyk with Crix were the only threat, the Light side throws in some 3,2 characters and 2,3 as well as 2,2. Kill those first, and take out General Solo following that. If they don’t have many 3,3’s or 2,2’s or 2,3’s or 3,2’s then you should focus on Crix, Solo, and Chwie first, then Leia and Luke. Duel Luke with Epic Duel with Lord Vader if he’s out, if not, replace whichever you have out at the time. If he’s to strong on Endor, remain on Tatioone and drain.

Against WYS
	Haven’t played against this deck much, but haven’t seen many card in it except for 3,3’s and 2,3’s and 3,2’s. Chop them up with Vader and Mara and Maul, and if you need him, Palpatine,or keep him at Tatioone.

Against QMC
	Drain race if he’s too overpowering, if not, go to Cloud  City and take control like Vader did in Empire Strikes Back but with the Emporer and Maul and Mara with him.

	Well, that’s it, if there’s any problems with the puntuation signs, it’s decktech’s processor, not my fault. Thank you in advance for your help and if you’re interesting in a Group to join, join the United Dark Lords Of The Sith if the Dark Side appeals to you. I need some technical help with pictures and stuff, but otherwise, it’s going to turn out great.

Once again, Thank You for your reviews and May The Dark Side Of the Force Be With You.

Darth Vader, The Dark Lord Of The Sith.
'