---
author: Dennis "Denethor" Jeffris
title: Bring Him Before Me Choker
side: Dark
date: 2001-04-06
description: Here’s a good ol’ Bring Him Before Me deck.  Big characters, big beats, little activation (for him or her).
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (8)

BHBM/TYFP
D*2 Throne Room
Your Destiny
Insignificant Rebellion
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
There Is No Try/Oppressive Enforcement

Locations (6)

D*2 Docking Bay
Spaceport Docking Bay
Executor: Docking Bay
Kuat
Wakeelmui
Carida

Characters (27)

Emperor Palpatine
Lord Vader
Darth Vader, DLOTS
EPP Vader
Admiral Ozzel
Ephant Mon
Snoova
Myn Kyneugh
Janus Greejatus
IG-88 w/ Riot Gun
Bossk w/ Mortar Gun
Commander Igar
Dr. Evazan
Dr. Evazan + Ponda Baba
Boba Fett w/ Blaster Rifle
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Sim Aloo
Jodo Kast
Moff Jerjerrod
Grand Moff Tarkin
Prince Xizor
Dengar w/ Blaster Carbine x2
Arica
Kir Kanos
Guri
4-LOM w/ Concussion Rifle

Vehicles (1)

Tempest 1

Starships (2)

Avenger (I don’t have Chimaera, once I get it, take out Avenger and put in Chimaera)
Flagship Executor (higher destiny, lower deploy, needed for quick beat instead of staying power)

Weapons (4)

Vibro-Ax
Darth Vader’s Lightsaber
Force Pike
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

Effects (3)

First Strike
Blast Door Controls
There’ll Be Hell To Pay

Interrupts (9)

Weapon Levitation x2
You Are Beaten x2
Ommni Box + It’s Worse
Imperial Barrier
Rise My Friend
Jabba’s Through With You
Hidden Weapons 

Strategy: 

The main objective here (other than winning, of course) is restricting the Light side of their activation.  None of the locations, besides Carida (which is only deployed if they have Battle Plan out, or if you could use the extra activation or the drain of 1 if they have no space opposition).  You do NOT want to deploy Vader early unless it will hurt them a lot.  It’s too costly to lose that force every turn until you can cross him.  Once you have 3 or more cards on Insignificant, grab Luke and head back to the D*2.  I’ll go by turns for a bit:

1st turn:  look at your hand.  If you have Kuat or Wakeelmui in your hand, use Mobilization points to look for the other one (if you have neither, pick one and take it out).  Activate.  Deploy D*2 docking bay from reserve, then Emperor there (or Moff Jererrod if you have him in your hand) so they can’t deploy there except with Jar Jar, who isn’t out yet, then deploy Kuat and/or Wakeelmui.  Draw up.

2nd turn:  activate up to 11 force, not counting opponent’s activation.  Deploy Executor docking bay from reserve.  Deploy Emperor if you haven’t already.  Deploy Ephant Mon there (if you have him) so they can’t deploy there except with Jar Jar, who isn’t out yet.  If they have deployed any characters, they are most likely weak.  Go smash them and stack a card on Insignificant.

3rd turn:  If they’re playing a Profit deck or any deck that has a planet w/o a docking bay, put Spaceport Docking Bay there if possible.  Smash anyone that wishes to be deployed, using the gimicks like Hidden Weapons/You Are Beaten, etc. and battle destiny adders like Force Pike on Kir, Tempest 1 w/ Igar, etc.

4th turn:  Deploy, smash, add cards to Insignificant.  Continue like this.

Some cards I would like to add are Ability Ability Ability, Search and Destroy, Disarmed, and more space power.  Any suggestions would help.

Here are some of my favorite card combos/explanations:

Blast Door Controls:  Cancels Rebel Barrier so you can beatdown w/ ease.  It’s really a shocker when you deploy Arica to Home One: Docking Bay, then Blast Door Controls.  The opponent is horrified then you come down with massive troops and kill his Crix Madine.

Dengar w/ Carbine and Dr. Evazan:  Shoot 2 guys, kill off 2 guys.  They are left with Chewbacca wonder where his pals went.  Easy way to win battles.

Kir Kanos w/ Force Pike:  For 2 force, you can deploy a smashing squad.  Drop Kanos w/ his toy, make him power = 0  when you hit him, draw your destiny, take your Insignificant card.  Next turn, if you want, don’t pay your force so you can deploy him again and KILL KILL KILL.  It’s fun.

Moff Jerjerrod:  Spies deploying to Death Star 2?  Stop them so you can use the extra activation.  Very fun, and prevents beatdowns.

Ephant Mon:  Getting him to Executor Docking Bay, then making fun of the opponent because s/he can’t deploy or move there.  Force ahoy!

Arica w/ Saber:  Deploy her to a site where you’re getting drained, or to a site where you’ll deploy the next turn.  Whack a good character, and you’ll get a big smile on your face.

Darth Vader w/ Lightsaber and You Are Beaten:  Deploy him alone, use You Are Beaten on his big character (like Obi-Wan w/ Saber, General Solo, etc) but NOT TO LUKE’S SITE.  Then chop up the one guy who is still there (or 2, if they’re weak) and stack, stack, stack!  Then forfeit him, just so you don’t get caught losing the Force every turn (unless you have 3 or more on Insignicant).

Jodo Kast/Boba w/ Rifle and Hidden Weapons:  Deploy 1 (or both) to a site with a big guy, and a wuss guy.  Use Hidden Weapons when you battle, capture the big guy, then shoot the other.  They have to lose LOTS of Force, plus the Insignificant one.



When it is all said and done, you will most likely win from all the Force they lose from beating them over the head.  But that’s fine, a win’s a win.  If not, you can just grab Luke and run off to the Throne (when you gotta go, you gotta go) and duel him, you win, game over.  I have not lost with this deck yet, and won by considerable margins.  I know I need more ships to be competitive in space, so please, any suggestions would be greatly appreciated.  Thanks!

REMEMBER DONT CAPTURE LUKE.  