---
layout: post
author: ! Brian "Armus" Sykes
title: ! 'Villianous ISB - undefeated at Ohio States'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-26
description: ! 'Andy McClure is the MAN His old skool ISB scum deck gave me an idea... It won by 21, 23, and 27... so I guess updating a good deck was a good idea :o)'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (6)
ISB/Total Sinisterness
Coruscant
Prepared Defenses
No Bargain
TinT/OE
[Resistance or Secret Plans]

Locations  (5)
Tat Jabba’s Palace x3
JP Audience Chamber
JP Lower Passages

Characters (21)
Puny-arse Jabba
Boelo
Fett w/Gun
IG88 w/Gun
Dengar w/Gun
4-Lom w/Gun
Prince Xizor
Guri
Mosep
Gailid
Chall Bekan
5D6-RA-7
Outer Rim Scout x9

Starships (3)
Bossk in Bus
Boba in Bubble
Zuckass in Party Wagon

Effects (7)
Scum & Villiany
Search & Destroy
Hutt Influence
Sunsdown & Too Cold for Speeders
Den of Thieves
Grabber
[Resistance or Secret Plans]

Interrupts (18)
Abyssin Ornament x2
Boring Conversation Anyway
Endor Occupation
Evader & Monnok
Ghhk & Those Rebels wont Escape Us
Imperial Barrier x2
Nevar Yalnal
None Shall Pass x4
Point Man
Projective Telepathy
Sniper & Dark Strike
Twi’lek Advisor x2 '

Strategy: '

5/20 Update Minor Tweaks before retirement

Pull Projective Telepathy (Stupid Errata), the Monnok Combo, the Ghhk Combo and an ORS for Masterful Move, Monnok, Ghhk, and Shut him up or shut him down.  This version went 3-0 at a columbus local, winning by 28, 29, and beating Matt Scott, Ohio 5th place, using QMC/Avatar  by 29

5/7 Update Response to reviews.

To Serpent Menace fades doesnt Wreck me... it DOES slow me down, but sepending on what they are playing this deck can lock them out of a Site or System.  Remember they have to CONTROL it... so Bossk in Bus with 2-3 ORS as forfeit fodder should stay around against most stuff, and you could also put Guri in space.  I’m not saying it doesnt hurt but there are enough power cards to put up a fight.  However, as far as consistency goes, this Thing is like clockwork... I have NEVER had to wait longer than Turn 3 to get all of my JP sites out and start draining.  Keep in mind that your opponent (unless playing TRM) has only had a turn or 2 when you start draining and an Early Mosep could hurt in a big way if you get a key card or two off their reserve.  As for Grimtaash, it can hurt... if youre very unlucky (ala Lewis at DPC) or very stupid and draw 20 cards looking for something.  I deploy the ORS as I get them and just save 1 if Bargaining Table is out to block a big drain.  Try it out, and if you still arent impressed then I’ll stop trying to convince you.

To SockMan? WHAT? did you even READ the decklist? Did you even READ the strat? Or did you just feel like being a prick and giving me 1/2 star because thats the number of inches your wang measured out to? Takes too long to set up? um... 2nd turn is too long? find me something this consistent and that much faster and I’ll change decks.  But I dont see that as happening.   Vulnerable to QMC? How? I addressed the Avatar Lock... thats why Endor occupation is in there... kill the retrieval, re-establish your drains, oppose them in space, because there space fleet wont be that much bigger than yours if you bring ORS Fodder along.  It might not be the easiest matchup but you can definitely still win. HB? If its Mains then, um, no.  If its flip... well... go read Hutt Influence before you @#$% my rating by being an @ss. Grimtaash? maybe for like 3-4 cards, but thats not usually game breaking (although losing 2-3 NSP would definitely suck.) A lot of other things? What? How? Who? try this deck out, or better yet, come to Columbus with your best LS deck and try it out against me. If you really feel that this deserves a 1/2 star then lemme check out your God-like champ. world-dominating decks and bow before your infinite knowledge..... (if you didnt pick up the sarcasm... well...)





*** Deck Edit ***
Pull 1 Twi’lek for First Strike... I wish I woulda done that for states.

Anyway, This deck has the cool stuff of a scum deck and the cool stuff of an ISB deck all rolled into one.  Basically you have to draw till you get jabba’s Palace, but I either got it in my opening hand, or on my first turn drawing up 3 cards, so it isnt a big deal.  After that you should be set up by turn 2-3 and draining for 3-6 by turn 3-4. if they come after you use your NSPs... and dont be scrubbish like me and forget to enforce No Bargain all day oP  If they bring Aliens, thats what the barriers are for... Not to mention you do have power characters and I hear that a lot of them tend to add Battle Destinies with each other.  Not to mention Xizor and Boelo tend to be a pretty sweet combo for those times when you cant find Guri.  Why No Ephant Mon, Power of the Hutt, or ohter stuff that you usually see in a scum deck? There really is no need.  you’ll find that with your Character denial tech they just wont bring it... they’ll set up elsewhere, then you can drop 5D6 and reduce their drains to peanuts.  Any thoughts or questions are welcome and appreciated.

Now for the Matchups-

vs. WYS Well, this version is teched to beat the most popular LS deck out there.  If WYS isnt popular in your area pull the S/TCFS and the EOcc for stuff more useful to you.  Those 2 cardswon me a game by shutting down my opponents Patrol crafts and then cancelling his Celebration.  That is key because it also works well  against QMC Avatar Style, which CAN lock you down with Menace Fades.  Against WYS Beats just set up your drains and do as much damage as possible in the early game before menace Fades goes active.  Battle plan is no problem, Your guys deploy for peanuts so paying 3 to drain usually isnt that big a deal.  Keep your NSPs and Bariers handy and you can usually avoid a severe beating.  Just play smart.

vs. Hidden Base (flip)/EBO

Get out Hutt Influence ASAP and sit and drain... there is no way that they will challenge you if they have a dedicated space deck, and if they do you can beat the snot out of whoever they put down and lose an ORS to attrition only to be retrieved the next turn.  Start Resistance against EBO and you win any drain race, as they will be unable to match you Gailid/ISB-enhanced drains.  If they do get blount down it will be close, but you do have some space power if you use it wisely.

vs. Eloms
As Steven Lewis says HA Autowin.

Vs. Yannick-style Beats/Brentson Beats
Fortify the AC and draw like a madman for Guri.  YOu have no nabrun defense, so dont spread out until you are SURE yo wont get the hell knocked out of you.  One cool thing I did against a beggar-using opponent was activate 3, pay the 3 to drain, end turn... that kept the beatdown squad away long enough to build up a sizeable force while he was saving up.  NSP can be a definite life saver.

vs. MWYHL (test to at least 1).  Simple, you lose.  3 drains of 1 arent enough unless they arent draining OR retrieving.  However, MWYHL asnt been seen in my area for a few months.  If it is popular in yours, then I would suggest adding some Presence of the Force to enhance your drains.

vs. AITC.  An interesting game.  Watch out for sandwhirl (in fact Control/SFS is my 61st card, and might go back in).  You can drop gailid in the chamber and drain in the other places, but watch out for OTE.  If possible drop IG88 in the AC and sniper Tessek or their rep. You can usually win this one, but if its a speeder version stay the hell away from JP.

vs. Mains (any flavor) Drain like a madman and always keep a defensive card in hand (NSP, Barrier, Telepathy) the key thing is to keep their drains limited.  If they go to space, drop Bossk and Fett with some ORS along for the ride and try to out-attrition them... sont worry you get the ORS’ back o)... tough but winnable.

Vs. Profit Start Jabba and Chall, Convert their stuff for the force choke, and watch them Die.  Activating 4 a turn isnt enough to even think about coming after you.  If they have Underworld Contacts it could get a bit tougher.  Add a CC Engineer if you think its necessary

Anything else Play your game, set up the fort and hold it.  Start Resistance if you fear numbers.

Any questions, feel free to d-mail me or Andy McClure, because he’s a champ and knows more about this style than I do and I’m sure he’d be happy to help you out.

later,

-Brian Sykes
Ohio 7th place Scrub    '