---
layout: post
author: ! Matt "MalixSolosar" Sherrington
title: ! "Hunt Down  Version 2 0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-12
description: ! 'After many games, I’ve realized that dueling really isn’t the way to go, since most LS decks have ways to counter it nowadays.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi
Exe Holotheatre
Exe Meditattion Chamber
Visage of the Emperor
Prep. Defenses
Imperial Arrest Order
Crush the Rebellion
Mob. Points

Locations (4)
Rendilli
Cloud City East Platform
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Exe Docking Bay

Characters (15)
Vader w/ Saber   4x
Darth Vader, DLOTS
Lord Vader
Mara Jade   2x
Emperor Palpatine
Janus Greejatus
Sim Aloo
Prince Xizor
4-LOM w/ Concussion Rifle
Boba Fett w/ rifle
Mighty Jabba

Starships (6)
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Zuckass in Mist Hunter
Dengar in Punishing One
Emperors Personal Shuttle
Accuser
Dominator

Weapons (1)
Maras Saber

Effects (7)
No Escape
Reactor Terminal
Visage of the Emperor
Bad Feeling Have I
Search and Destroy
Broken Concentration
Secret Plans

Interrupts (19)
Point Man
Shut him up or Shut him down
Weapon Levitation
Operational As Planned
Twilek Advisor
You Are Beaten
Defensive Fire/Hutt Smooch
Force Lightning
Holonet Transmission   2x
Sniper/Dark Strike    2x
Masterful Move     3x
Evader/Monnok    2x
I have you Now    2x


Corrections
Swap Defensive Fire/Hutt Smooch for Lateral Damage.  '

Strategy: '

Before I begin, I want to add that I do NOT have Grand Moff Tarkin or a second Emperor Palpatine.

The strategy is rather simple.  I have two different beat down forces  One consists of Vader, Mara, Sim Jim, Janus, and Emperor, where as the other has Mighty Jabba, Xizor, 4-LOM, and Boba Fett.  These obviously can be intertwined if needed.

First turn, if you have the force, deploy Vader to either DS Docking bay or CC docking bay and flip.  Dont forget to grap an I Have You Now while you are getting your docking bay.  Depending on what deck I’m playing against and how much force they start with, deploy Rendilli using Mob. Points.

The whole strategy changes if I play against Jedi Training.  Then I start with Broken Concentration, which destroys any Jedi Deck.  And since you add 8 to any sense and altar destinies, you cannot cancel it.  If they start with Mind What You Have Learned and don’t start with The Way of Things or Wise advice, either they are stupid or they aren’t going to train, so I don’t deploy Broken Concentration.

Against and space deck  Get Vader down fast and Search and Destroy down fast.  That way they are losing two force every turn (yours and theyres).  Use you ships wisely.  Don’t underestimate the power of Emperors shuttle with Emperor and Sim aboard.  Plus, you can play I have You Now to add a third destiny and if you have another ability two ship present (dominator, Dengar in PO, Bossk in HT) you can get a fourth destiny from ability (Emperor and Sim don’t add ability because they are not pilots).

Its true I’ve lost some space battles, but only because of REALLY bad destiny draws or if he reacted a lot.

I hate to say "just play smart and you’ll win" because that has to be the dumbest saying I’ve ever heard, but if you battle against a lone X-wing when your opponent has 15 cards in his force pile, you deserve to lose.

Comments are welcome.

Thanks '