---
layout: post
author: ! Spencer "s_ skywalker" Ball
title: ! "Profit 2001 Version 1 0"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-06-27
description: ! "This deck can easily have 70 power in one battle to free han from the reaches of Jabba and flip the objective to deal much damage. And retrieve force.My Kind of Proft/Fearless and Inventive"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)

You Can Either Profit By This/Or Be Destroyed
Jabba’s  Palace
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Han Solo/EPP Han (depends on the situation; see strategy)
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Don’t Do That Again
Scrambled Transmission
Your Insights Server You Well


Locations (6)

Tatooine City Outskirts x2
Tatooine Slave Quarters
Tatooine Obi-Wan’s Hut
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room


Characters (21)

Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x3
Ben Kenobi x2
Qui-Gon Jinn x2
EPP Han/Han Solo (whichever you didn’t start with)
EPP Leia x2
Chewie, Protector x2
Lando w/ Vibro-Ax x2
Threepio w/ his Showing Parts x3
Padme Naberrie 
Jar Jar Binks
Corran Horn
B’onarr Monk  


Weapons (3)

Luke’s Lightsaber
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber
Qui-Gon Jinn’s Lightsaber


Effects (5)

Honour of the Jedi
Advantage
Order to Engage
Ounee Ta
Lightsaber Proficiency


Interrupts (17)

Sense & Recoil in Fear
Sense
Alter
Smoke Screen x2
A Jedi’s Resilience x2
Someone Who Loves You
Weapon Levitation
Out of Commission & Transmission Terminated
Gift of the Mentor
Shocking Information & Grimtaash
Courage of a Skywalker
Old Ben
Nabrun Leids
Jedi Presence
Narrow Escape
'

Strategy: '

Regarding Frozen Han. You can either use EPP Han or Han Solo. EPP Han is a better character as he has +1 power, a built in blaster, and adds a destiny when with Luke or Chewie. Keep in mind however that all these features are useless while he is frozen, but will be useful when you free him. Using Han Solo allows you to retrieve 10 when you free Han, while EPP Han only allows a retrieval of 5. You must also keep in mind that you could free Han Solo retrieve 10 then replace him with EPP Han. Most of the time that is your best bet. Though if you want to out drain the opponent and they are not putting anybody to the audience chamber. So that you could free Han before you lose >5 then use EPP Han. Otherwise my advice would be to use Han Solo because most people will not sit there and watch you free Han.

The starting effects were copied off of ’Hayes Brilliant Pile’ and I feel they are the best start for any light side decks (unless you Podrace). Because Don’t Do That Again cancels Mobilization Points and then you can pull Shocking Info/Grimtaash in your control phase and cancel the scomp links for the turn at the site where your opponent put down Merrijek to pull systems. So that he cannot pull systems and Mobilization Points continues to be useless. This will slow down most decks considerably. As well a Grimtassh every turn is great for controlling the opponents hand size. 
Your Insights Serve You Well is great for hacking Dark Jedi; it also cancels annoying Scanning Crew and Numbers Inserts. As well you can sack it to take Honour of the Jedi into hand. Which can save you a serious amount of force. Also before you activate take Advantage into hand, using Don’t Do That Again. Which I saw on somebody’s Profit. This deck starts you off in the best position a light side deck can be in against Dark Side Activation.

Now onto playing the deck. You activate 5 if you got threepio deploy him down and begin to pull sites out of your deck with the ’threepio card exchange’ (throw card on top of used pile, draw top card of reserve deck.). If you didn’t get threepio draw for him and get him down when you do. Pull a Jedi out with the outskirts, (when you get it down) and begin to build up a force strong enough to free Han. Some people are ridiculously dumb and stack up at the Audience Chamber I mean like their entire deck. In this case just threepio for ’Somone Who Loves You.’ Deploy Leia play this and move away. Easily flipping your objective. If the deploys a decent amount of characters or less then send you mains into the chamber and battle. Use you interrupts to win you the battle. Your sabers, weapon levitation and "super luke". HOW TO BUILD SUPER LUKE 101 Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight with a saber is power 8, give him Lighsaber proficiency he’s power 11, play Courage of a Skywalker and now he’s 17. Now play Jedi Presence targeting obi or qui-gon. And all the sudden wimpy old luke is power 34. Hold on I’m choking, did you just say 34. damn right. I have had people pack up their cards when they saw this, they just quit. 34 and that’s just one character, add obi, leia, chewie, qui-gon. With chewie and leia battling at double power because of jedi presence. And that’s 34 + obi 5 = 39. 39 + chewie 12 = 51. 51 + leia 6 = 57. 57 + qui-gon jinn 6 = 63. Then play Smoke Screen and that’s 70. WOW.
Once you take over the audience chamber with your 70 power than just drain and make them loose to your objective and ohhh yah retrieve 10. also nabrun leids for an end game winner. Just move your charcters to one site than nabrun to where the opponent is weakest on your next turn. Game over.

Matchups

Walker Garrison - Flip quick deal as much damage as possible. They usually wont bother with the audience chamber. Once they get set up nabrun over and beat down on walkers. Watch out for tramples. Honour is a game saver. Remember the key is as much damage as possible, as quickly as possible. Tough Matchup.

Dark Deal - Don’t try to outdrain it wont work beatdown with everyone except ben and use ben to flip the objective, they usually will not bother with the chamber so all you’ll need is ben. Beat down with the rest of your mains. Than nabrun han and ben over. If played properly its an easy matchup.

SYCFA - flip asap as attempt to outdrain. If they are flippin’ the objective than it will be a little tough. If its non-flip with ground beats just don’t spread out too much and you should win (remember 70 power).

Huntdown Podracing - Wait till the Podrace is over than flip retrieve it all back. You wont be doing any damage until you flip so they wont retrieve anything. Kill vader, keep qui-gon alive. A Jedi’s resilence is key. Not very difficult if played properly since the podracing will do squat all. Cancel Visage with transmission terminated than retrieve it with the objective than play it again if they get out another. Just keep qui-gon alive the worst that’ll happen is that you both loose 1 from visage. 

BHBM - Don’t let them win any battles. Use luke to battle if they want him there gonna have to come and fight. With your retrieval and beats, and drains it shouldn’t be too tough.

Agents of Black Sun - Just beat them down and keep luke alive and not captured. Just plain overpower them.

Are there any other good dark decks that are seen very often???

Thanks for reviewing my Profit Deck. Have a good summer






'