---
layout: post
author: Alan "Palpadude" Sutton
title: 'Hunt Down And Podrace The Jedi'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-22
description: ! 'Hunt Down and podracing...common deck type, uncommonly good results.  This deck has never lost, and Ive played it about 20 to 25 times, 7 times in tournaments (no major ones).'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of This Universe

Locations (7)
Rendili
Coruscant Docking Bay (SE)
Executor Docking Bay
Executor Holotheatre
Executor Meditation Chamber
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Tatooine Podrace Arena

Characters (14)
Emperor Palpatine x2
Lord Vader x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Darth Maul x2
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Janus Greejatus
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba
P-59
P-60

Weapons (3)
Vader’s Lightsaber
Maul’s Lightsaber
Mara’s Lightsaber

Starships (5)
Chimaera
Death Squadron Star Destroyer
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Epic Events (2)
Boonta Eve Podrace
Epic Duel

Podracers (1)
Sebulba’s Podracer

Effects (11)
Allegations Of Corruption
Broken Concentration
Imperial Arrest Order & Secret Plans
Macroscan
No Escape
The Phantom Menace
They Will Be No Match For You
Visage Of The Emperor x2
Watto’s Box (Starting)
You Cannot Hide Forever & Mobilization Points

Interrupts (16)
Start Your Engines
Imperial Barrier
Masterful Move & Endor Celebration
We Must Accelerate Our Plans x2
A Dangerous Time
Force Lightning
HoloNet Transmission
Monnok
Podracer Collision x3
Focused Attack
Maul Strikes
The Circle Is Now Complete
Vader’s Obsession '

Strategy: '

Please read the strategy before rating.

I’ll go through and explain the strategy by describing what most cards do, as if you’re a beginner.

Rendili - I can pull it from Reserve deck with Mobilization Points, it gives me 2 Force to the opponent’s 1, and by pulling it I can remove a destiny 0 from my Life Force.  Its also a Force drain -1 for the opponent.

Coruscant Docking Bay (Special Edition version) - gives me Force and none for the opponent.  If my opponent is using the Jedi Council Chamber, this makes it easy for me to get there, even though I dont have to because its not a battleground.  It also makes it very expensive for the Light side to transit to or from there.  I can also pull it from my Reserve deck using Imperial Arrest Order.

Executor Docking Bay - Pullable with IAO, and if my opponent deploys a spy to the Executor, and I dont have a character in hand, I can move there to save my Visage Of The Emperor.

Tatooine Docking Bay 94 - Again, this is pullable, and Tatooine decks are common.

Vaders - I use different Vaders for Grimtaash protection reasons.  I need 4 Vaders because I have to get him out right away.

2 Darth Mauls - I need two because he’s a big part of my deck now that he can duel, but I dont use 4 because I wont lose if I dont get him.

Mara Jade - I can pull her lightsaber, and I can use Vader’s Obsession with her and Hunt Down wont be placed out of play.

Grand Admiral Thrawn - awesome on Chimaera.  2 destiny and immune to attrition < 6.

Janus - put high destiny cards back and track them.  Also adds to Force drains if with the Emperor.

Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba - the Light side doesnt have much chance when this combo is there with one of my characters with a lightsaber.  Good chance of hitting a main character with a lightsaber, and they make that hit target immediately lost.

P-59 & P-60 - they go well with Dr. Evazan, and they have built in guns, good chance of hitting someone, and makes the opponent lose Force.

Vader’s Lightsaber - needed for dueling effectively, and can add to Force drains, unlike Vader with built-in saber.  Thats another reason why I dont use 4 Vader With Sabers.

Maul’s Lightsaber - helps Maul in dueling, can add to Force drains and cant be stolen.  Best lightsaber in the game.

Mara Jade’s Lightsaber - I can pull it with Mara’s gametext, so the extra destiny of 1 floating around doesnt really matter.

Death Squadron Star Destroyer - destiny of 2 instead of 1 is nice, and has immunity to attrition < 4.  I dont like the deploy or power, but its a small price to pay for the benefits.

Bossk In Hound’s Tooth - this can be replaced by Maul’s Sith Infiltrator, but the Infiltrator’s lack of a permanent pilot bothers me.  I like the one destiny this adds.  If you want to use the Infiltrator instead, and have other intentions for Darth Maul, use Dr. Evazan as the pilot if you need to.

Allegations Of Corruption - sometimes this is better than Hell To Pay because you can have it out in advance, and has better destiny.  Sometimes its not as good because you have to have it out in advance, which is sometimes a problem.

Broken Concentration and A Dangerous Time - when I’m ready to duel, I use A Dangerous Time to look in the opponent’s Force pile and rearrange so a destiny of 0 or 1 is on top.  Then use Broken Concentration to move that to the top of their Reserve Deck, and duel away.

Imperial Arrest Order & Secret Plans - pulls docking bays to get more Force activation and less destiny 0’s floating around.  Also, Light side Force retrieval is too easy, so this somewhat slows it down.

Macroscan - I need either this or the Broken Concentration and ADT duo before I duel.  Chances of me getting either this or that combo out are good.  This lets me look at the top card of opponent’s Reserve deck.  I can do that, then if I have the other combo out, I can use it to make sure they have terrible duel destiny (or just not duel if bad destiny isnt possible).

No Escape - makes Visage of The Emperor immune to Honor Of The Jedi.  Honor can really screw up this deck without this card.

You Cannot Hide Forever & Mobilization Points - the best possible protection against Never Tell Me The Odds, makes Jedis easier to hit, and I can deploy Rendili from Reserve deck.

Masterful Move & Endor Occupation - Masterful Move is a great card for recycling and tracking, and I can pull a hologram or dejarik.  I use the combo instead of just Masterful Move because quite often I encounter decks with Celebrations.  Its worth the drop of 1 in destiny...5 is still good.

We Must Accelerate Our Plans - I use this instead of Twi’lek Advisor because this has 2 functions I can really use.  Being able to take Podracer Collision is a huge help in podracing.

HoloNet Transmission - protection against Transmission Terminated, which I see a lot more of now that its paired with Out Of Commission

Podracer Collision - helps with podracing, and is also very useful when opponent looks for something in their Reserve deck and doesnt find it.  Happens quite often.

Focused Attack - add a destiny when dueling.  I’ve also been able to use the other part of this when Vader gets hit, he’s going to be lost anyways so sacrificing his immunity to attrition doesnt matter.  Also works well with Vader With Lightsaber.

I dont use Executor because its too expensive, and if the Super Falcon succeeds in beating it, my main base of Force generation is gone, and so is Visage Of The Emperor.



Heres how to play the deck.


Early game - Draw until you get Vader.  If the opponent doesnt supply you with a battleground to deploy him, then also draw until you get a Docking Bay 94 or We Must Accelerate Our Plans to search for Imperial Arrest Order & Secret Plans, and use that to deploy Docking Bay 94, and then deploy Vader there.  

If you already have that, the next effect to look for depends on what kind of deck you are playing against.  If its a numbers deck, obviously go for You Cannot Hide Forever & Mobilization Points.

If its a Jedi Testing deck, then go for Broken Concentration.  If they are using Honor Of The Jedi or playing an operative deck, go for No Escape first.

Anything else, your best bet would be to go for Allegations Of Corruption (be careful what you grab with it, it may not be the best thing to take) or get They Will Be No Match For You.  Save Macroscan for when you are ready to duel.

You dont always need to start the podrace right away, but a lot of times its the best way to go, even if you dont have a lost pile to retrieve from.  It still does 11 damage.  When you start the podrace, dont forget to use Sebulba’s Podracer to use 2 Force to get a head start.  If you get to 23 and the opponent isnt racing, just wait till you get a lost pile of 11 or more.


Mid game - Be aggressive.  Go to wherever your opponent is, especially if they are playing Rebel Strike Team.  Take control of the Bunker so they cant blow it away.

If theres any characters ripe for battling (be smart about it, the Light side usually has tricks up their sleeve), deploy Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba and either Vader, Maul, or Mara and then her lightsaber from Reserve deck, or a destroyer droid (or both if you can) and battle them.  Try to hit an EPP character first if they have one and make that character immediately lost.  That should be enough to win the battle.  If not, then its obvious you shouldnt have deployed there.

Its better to not deploy Emperor Palpatine to a site you know is going to have fighting (unless you think you’ll need him for that).  Deploy him to a different battle ground with Janus and Force drain for +1.  Use Janus to put back high destiny you dont need.  Hopefully you’ll draw a low destiny card from your Reserve deck.  If not, keep putting ’em back.  Sometimes you might want to get the podrace over with quickly if you need an extra battleground.  Its also good to have a destroyer droid with Emperor Palpy, in case your opponent deploys there.  Use Palpy’s text to take Force Lightning into your hand if you dont already have it, and make a hard-to-hit character defense value -4, and hit ’em with the destroyer droid.  Or if they have someone like Han With Blaster, just use the Force Lightning to electricute him into the lost pile.


End game - When you are ready to duel (I usually dont get a chance till towards the end, and it usually ends the game), make sure you have either Macroscan out or Broken Concentration out AND A Dangerous Time in your hand, and hope they have a Force pile.  Deploy Broken Concentration.  If they have a Force pile, use A Dangerous Time to rearrange the cards in there.  Put the high destiny cards towards the top, except at the very top make sure you put the very lowest destiny there (unless theres a site and a main with a destiny of 1 that they need, put the main on top).  Then use Broken Concentration to put the destiny 1 character on top of his Reserve deck and duel.

You should also make sure you track a high destiny before dueling.  We Must Accelerate Our Plans and Masterful Move are good for this.  Use them to search your Reserve deck (even if theres nothing in there to take), and you wont have to shuffle one of them in, so you can know how far down they are when you play them.  If they dont have a Force pile to manipulate, then rely on Macroscan, and obviously dont duel if they have high destiny there (unless you know yours is higher).  Also, dont forget, when you are dueling Ben Kenobi, he adds 2 to his duel total.  Happened to me once, but I still won.

If you dont get a chance to duel, usually that means theres no Light Jedi on the table, and usually that means you are going to win anyways because of Visage Of The Emperor and the Force drain bonuses from the lightsabers.  If theres no high ability character, Maul is going to be Force draining, no matter where he is. '