---
layout: post
author: Bradley "BadBrad" Augsburger
title: 'Hidden Base is fun'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-29
description: 'Just your everyday hidden base deck.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting (7)
Objective: Hidden Base
Strike Planning
Menace Fades 
Squadron Assignments
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Rendezvous Point
Chandrila (hidden base)

Systems (7)
Chandrila
Kessel
Sullust
Endor
Kiffex
Hoth
Coruscant

Characters (14)
Dash Rendar
Chewbacca, Protector x2
General Calrissian
Captain Han Solo x2
Obi-Wan w/ Lightsaber x2
Luke w/ Lightsaber x2
Leia w/ Blaster Rifle x2
Orrimaarko
Tawass Khaa

Starships (15)
Gold Squadron Y-Wing x3
Red Squadron X-Wing x3
Green Squadron A-Wing x3
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Tantive IV
Gold Squadron 1
Outrider
Spiral

Effects (8)
Grabber x3
Traffic Control
Bacta Tank
Do, Or Do Not/Wise Advice
Honor Of The Jedi
Yarna d al Gargan

Interrupts (9)
Out of Comission x2
Control/Tunnel Vision x3
Rebel Barrier x2
Fallen Portal x2



Strategy: 

   UPDATE:  I have decided to remove Hoth and add a The Signal.  I have also decided to remove an OOC and add a rebel fleet. 




 I think that most people out there know how to play a hidden base deck, but I will add a few personal strategy notes, if you care to read them.

Early Game:
Turn one, pull a system, preferably Endor because the ds won’t generate any force there.  While your in there, look to see if General Calrissian is in there...if he is, pull him out too.  I generally like to play defensively, so refrain from deploying as long as possible.  The rebel fleet will help take care of early drains.  Honor of the Jedi can be used as a starting, but only if you are deathly afraid of losing early force to visage.  I generally like to pull systems in this order:
Endor
Sullust
Chandrila
Kiffex
Kessel 
Coruscant
When looking for systems early in the game, pay close attention to other cards in your reserve deck.  If you see only one of the captain hans in in there, tunnel vision for the other.  If you see your hidden base system is gone tunnel for that too.  Im considering removing the squadron assignments for another contorl/tunnel vision.  Please give me thoughts on this.  

Midgame:
I usually flip when I have the Super Falcon at coruscant, because of the increased deploy costs, and the outrider at Sullust.  As of late, I have deploying an additional starfighter with the outrider.  I do this because if they lat. damage outrider then I can’t reduce their power.  Hold as many starfighters as possible before you flip, because I hate having no ships in my hand when there is a beatdown possible.  Also, be sure to get Yarna d al gargan down as fast as possible.  Never overdeploy when you think that a possible beatdown could occur.  Two starfighers and the falcon can give out at least 10 damage with good destiny draws, and as long as you are destroying their ships, there is no need to deploy several starfighters.  It would be more beneficial to lay down one a-wing and one x-wing with the falcon against bossk in the bus and deal 10 damage, with starfighters remaining in hand to use to cancel drains with rebel fleet, than deploying them all at once an dealing 25 damage, with the possibility of ghhhk.

Endgame:  
If played right, all the endgame will be is a few characters at sites getting their force drains canceled by the objective, and you at 3 or 4 systems hitting them for 7 a turn.  If it is a close game, take a few minutes to analyze the situation.  Do the math in your head, and see if you can win the drain race.  If you can, just sit there and let them come to you...if you can’t win the drain race, spread out as thin as possible.  Don’t be afraid to leave an a-wing in front of the Conquest, chances are they won’t have enough force left to deploy anything else, or they won’t have any of their ships left.  Remember, stopping a drain of 2 for just one turn can decide the outcome of a game.  I would appreciate honest suggestions please.  Thanks.  