---
layout: post
author: Robert "Sparky" Parker
title: 'Tarkin, your fingers are leaking again...'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-02
description: ! 'This is one deck you cant judge by the top card.  Aliens, numbers, retrieval, and some drains all combine.  Its unexpected, and thats why it works.  Just dont go to 10 tournies in a row with it.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting 5
Hidden Base/Tarkin’s butterfingers
Rendezvous Point
Hidden Base Indicator
The Signal
Bargaining Table

Locations 9
Mon Calamari x2
Kessel x2
Coruscant
Bothawui
Kiffex
Chandrilla
Sullust

Characters 12
Yoxgit
Elom x7
Baragwin x4

Starships 9
Y-wing x4
Nebulon-B Frigatex4
Lando in Falcon

Weapons/Devices 6
Bionic Hand x3
Wrist Comlink x3

Effects 8
Never Tell Me The Odds x5
Projection Of A Skywalker
Revolution
Order To Engage

Interrupts 12
Hyper Escape x5
Suprise Assult x3
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes x2
It Could Be Worse
Control/Tunnel Vision
'

Strategy: '

When I said don’t take it to 10 tournaments in a row, I wasn’t kidding.  I have a second deck, my EBO, (see my page) which is really my more solid deck, doesn’t use any of these cards, but is definitely expected.  This was a brainstorm that has turned out very nicely.  YCHF isn’t that common in my area, so the #’s aren’t a problem to get though.  I will always have at least 9, and since almost all dark decks pack the Vader’s and Mara’s, getting across a force loss of 5-8 isn’t that hard.  My retrieval works very well, and with to Chimes, TVision duo card, and 4 Baragwins, getting 1-3 is never a problem. The possibility of canceling 3 drains a turn (2 HB, Bargaining Table) is also great, but not really necessary to this deck.  Usually, you can be draining for 5-7 also, and you are fairly safe with hyper escapes, although Sense can hurt.  DODN/WA would be a good addition, but I can’t seem to get another one after I traded my one away.  Finally, my destinies are really good in this deck, which always helps and can be deadly with Suprise Assult.  I have 184 total destiny out of a start of 55 cards.  That is about a 3.35 average right there, and if you delete the 5-7 systems I get out and an eight card hand to start, my destiny goes to about 160 for 41 cards.  That is almost a four destiny average.  

If you’re going to tell me to put in DODN/WA, or tell me numbers won’t work, don’t bother.  Just remember it depends on your meta, and I already know the former. -)

May The Force Be With You '