---
layout: post
author: Haakon ".prototype." Geburtstag
title: 'Project Obsolete/Sexual Frustration v.2'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-10
description: ! 'tweaked ver of original project obsolete.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start 
BHBM 
DS2throne 
your destiny (is in your pants) 
insignificant rebellion 
prepped defenses 
IAO/Secret plans (shhhh its a secret)
crush the rebs
I will find them quickly master/if the trace was correct (i will explain) 

Chars 
emperor palpy x3 
vader with stick x2 
darklord x2 
sith probe droid x3
sim shady (hi, my name is..) 
janus x2 (okay okay, fine P) 
darth maul, young whippersnapper x2
xizor 

weap 
mauling stick

interrupts 
id just as soon mount a wookie x5 
sense/uncertain x2 
holonet trans 
you are beaten down upon
masterful move x2 
FOIL force lightning x2 (cant do without) 
unexpected interruption 
twilek advisor x2 
you swindled me (damn straight)
projective tele 
limited res 
circle 
ghhk 
i have you now (in a dark corner)
evadermonnok

FX 
battle order 
1st strike 
no escape 
CHYBC 
you cant hide forever/mobpoints
hell to pay 
allegations of corruption (hehehe im corrupt)

locations  
mos espaDB 
ds2DB 
ccDB 
imp holotable
mauls landing site '

Strategy: '

**with ref to Garion, okay, those of you who dont know what ure doing, draw your hand, and before you activate, you pull If the trace. then u activate. its ESSENTIALLY starting with it. if u get it in your hand, bad luck. you have 2x janus and 2x foil force lightning. thats called card advantage. make sure its foil m’kay?**

**with ref to Voice Of Law, ive found 5 to be a good number, in conjunction with retrieval n stuff. no escape gives u a free turn of Your Destiny, and it only needs to work for about 3-4 turns. uncertain gives u a new hand. after that u cover the rest with drains, and if luke really pisses u off, track a 6 and electrocute his a55. but yeah, i can appreciate the fact that a bad draw can screw this deck...however, it can do that with any deck.**

props to all those cool people who gave my jank deck 5 star, and for making good observations...i owe u guys, thanx.

ill copy and paste the strat, cause i know how unforgiving decktechers are )

’play emperor first turn to a bg DB, hopefully you’ll have janus or someone, then when you’re ready, put vader at the same location. if they’re an idiot, they’ll follow up with luke, crossing over, however, you play Wookie, returning him to hand. the rest of the play is basically using Wookie each turn to make them hurt from your destiny. as soon as they play luke, theyre locked in cause you have to deploy him to the same location. the Sith Probe Droids arent an engine or anything, just letting you retrieve a Wookie or some other thing at a crucial point, same with No Escape. the rest is covered through stalling battles, and using First Strike. after 3-4 turns of Your Destiny, you should have the advantage. this deck is still in formative stages, and id prefer some REAL advice, as opposed to kids giving it 1 star cause it doesnt have troopers or some crap. this deck kills those kids, because it surprises idiots who think they know how to kill certain decks like BHBM by giving them luke, and picking the activation with swindle.’

new additions 
darth maul, young apprentice i figured with the whole senate thing coming out, people will play with amidala more. heehh. capture her and put her in bondage. mwhahahaha. the 3 opponents force doesnt hurt either, specially since thats the cost of most of the interrupts. i threw in landing site as well, for the drain and the force. might also sub the CCDB out for coruscant ep1 dbay. why young a55hole instead of normal maul? well, i didnt buy any boxes of tatooine P doh.

crush its a fkin MACHINE. lets u pull destiny adder and lets u monnok the opponent like the b1tch they are. big props to people for pointing it out to me.

Holotable to try and rectify the activation problem without mobpoints. i added the combo card in order to fix the activation in the later game, but yeah. hoser blows goats.

allegations 1 force grabber? im there. only disadvantage is that they may play a fakeout interrupt...but as long as u know what ure grabbing ure ok.

you swindled me this card is PERFECT for this deck, cause it runs on a lot of lost cards, but also a large amount of force. play during opponents turn when you have no force pile, and something good like a probe droid lost, and they’ll think ’ho ho ho, activate’. and then you bounce luke back, and they’ll wish they retrieved that one force. i should put more in, but i only got 1 P

FOIL force lightning if you dont have 2 foil force lightning, you’d better give up, cause this deck FAILS without em. and remember to tilt them in the light so you blind your opponent. use in conjunction with choke vader to whup a55holes like quigon. 

sith probe droid deploy from reserve to retrieve a card. not bad. use it judiciously, not just any old how. if you have the opportunity, retrieve it using first strike or no escape. i think 3 is a good number, but feel free to add more at the expense of the red stuff. decided against probe telemetry. its just gay.

well, enjoy ) questions and comments like always...please dont slam it if you see some glaring weakness, tell me and talk over the pros and cons with me.

thankyou sirs.
'