---
layout: post
author: ! Damian "Jamintheeye" Loback
title: ! "Light Side Racing (done the tech way)"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-10-14
description: ! "Well the deck sounds cool right well I have to say the deck is tech."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations5
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut 
Home One War Room <starting
Hoth Echo Command Center 
Rendezvous Point 
Tatooine Podrace Arena

Charaters10
8D8
Artoo
Corran Horn
Luke With Lightsaber x2
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber x2
R4-E1 
Threepio With His Parts Showing
Boushh

Interupets27
A Jedi’s Resilience x4
A Step Backward x4
Clash Of Sabers 
Gift Of The Mentor 
How Did We Get Into This Mess? X4
On The Edge x2
Out Of Commission x3
Podrace Prep <starting
Quite A Mercenary
The Force Is Strong With This One
The Signal x3
Too Close For Comfort x2

Podracer1
Anakin’s Podracer <starting

Effects 14
Anger, Fear, Aggression x4
Bacta Tank 
Battle Plan combo
Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice
Honor Of The Jedi
Never Tell Me The Odds x2
Ounee Ta
Seeking An Audience <starting
Uncontrollable Fury
What’re You Tryin’ To Push On Us? x2 

Epic events2
Boonta Eve Podrace <starting
I Did It
'

Strategy: '

Well First off this deck has the awsome concept of being annoying to people. This deck is fun though for you. The deck has gone 24-1 in turney play and place 4th and 5th in the North American Championships. (played by corey and justinof wisconsin team)

Well first off the activation is sick the ability to only give the dark side 1 force icon the entire game is huge, and since the dark side is screwed for activation anyways. Second, always win the race. and during the race insert anger fear and odds if they dont have any protection. 
Third after winning the race retrive the anger fear for another anger fear run.

In this deck you always get an anger fear always  with mess, signal, or 3PO. Awsome tech

Mess good in this deck because dont like your hand play it get a new one. Awsome tech.

The epps just use for only hit and run but if you get the combo kill him with the destiny adders 




Mach ups

Ties 
auto win anger fear and the race with no odds protection you kill them.

Racing 
Auto win grab the racing interupts. Also just keep the anger fear up and win the race.

Mains and toys 
kill kill kill i mean not a hard mach up you win anger fear with the commando tactics of the epps and they keep coming back win.

Watto obj
The watto obj is a breeze because the race plus the anger fear. Also add in hit a runs its a killer deck and honnor.
Just make sure you hit watto hard early in the game and hit him with the occ.

This deck has been play tested to the max and believe that it kick hard core ass.
But with the new shield card the game is getting lame I think.   '