---
layout: post
author: ! michael "Deck" Gemme
title: ! 'PT Boat v3.0 (Difinitive Program Trap)'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-12
description: ! 'This is the third version of this deck.  This version uses star destroyers, v3.1 with TIES to come later.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (7)
	 1 Fondor
         1 Endor  
         1 Endor Bunker  
         1 Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)  
         1 Kashyyyk  
         1 Sullust  
	 1 Kessel

	Characters (20)    
	 1 Admiral Chiraneau  
         1 Admiral Ozzel  
         1 Admiral Piett  
         1 Barquin D’an
	 1 Commander Merrejk  
         2 Darth Vader With Lightsaber  
         1 Ephant Mon  
         2 Thrawn 
         1 palleon 
         1 Captain Godhert  
         3 R2-Q2 (Artoo-Kyootoo) 
         3 R2-A5 (Arfour-Emmnine) 
         1 U-3PO (Yoo-Threepio)  

	Ships (7)
	 1 Accuser  
         2 Chimaera  
         1 Avenger
	 2 Death Squadron Star Destroyer    
         1 Flagship Executor  

	Reds (22)
	 1 Power of the Hutt  
         1 Oh, Switch Off 
         1 Gravity Shadow
	 1 Prepared Defenses  
         4 Imperial Command
	 2 Counter Assault
         3 Twi’lek Advisor  
         1 Perimiter Patrol
         1 Ominous rumors
	 2 Lateral Damage
	 1 Alert My Star Destroyer
	 1 Oppressive Enforcement  
         3 Program Trap  
         1 Something Special Planned For Them  
	 1 Reactor Terminal         

	 2 We’re In Attack Position Now - Admiral’s Order  

	 1 Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost  '

Strategy: '

Activation with this deck is a huge problem.  If you are playing Hidden base, you are fine.  Ebo, you can probably handle too.  Any type of force choke deck will hurt you and that is this decks major problem.  You use the program trap engine on the ground to stop force drains, in space SuperChimaera and Super Flagship Executor are key.
After that you are pretty much all set.  Here is how it works.

Start the endor ops stuff.  Then with prepared defenses, start Oppressive Enforcement to boost your Star Destroyer destinies (those 1’s hurt the program traps, and it makes the flagship destiny 5 BALLS).  Also start something special planned for the +2 to move away from a star destroyer, and Power of the hutt so you can get ephant mon to the bunker turn one. 

You automatically start off with 5 force, you use this for ephant mon.  Get ominous rumors to your hand ASAP and try and get perimeter patrol on turn two.  There are enough twileks in this deck that you can probably nab it by then.  If you cannot however, or think that you dont need to start Something Special, start You cannot hide forever and sac it for Perim.Patrol.  

The main object of this deck is to get ominous on endor, get your systems out and drain in space.  Putting Thrawn on the Chimaera is not that difficult due to the fact there are two of each in the deck.  Getting Palleon on there only makes it stronger.  Put this ship at any system, i like to keep it at endor like a fortress.  The first step however is to get Piett with Imperial command so that you can get merrejk to the bunker with Ephant mon.  because now you have a destiny there, and you can start pulling systems at will.  Second only to the superChimaera, does my insane tech come into play.  this seems hard but its so simple and will pay off.

I know you all think flagship executor sucks donkey balls, but you get out fondor and put the flagship there move it to endor, you already have piett out and should have him on the docking bay before you make this operation work.  So Deploy flagship to fondor Move it to Endor during your move phase, shuttle piett up from the docking bay and BAM alert my star destroyer @#$%.  you dont think you can get it?  thats why there are three twileks.  too card intensive?  no way.  its worht it.  fully immune to attrtion.  Get it to sullust, now youre draining for six in space alone at two systems.  plus you have a fortress of balls at each of those systems.  And all the other ships in the deck are going to help out or gang up at another system.

Now for what this deck really is... a program trapping machine.  R2Q2 is in there so you can check your destinies for program trap or whatever reason.  Either way, some @#$% @#$% is draining you somewhere, you drop a droid and the PT.  Now the PT states (and you should know this from my other decks and my top rated article) that any destiny drawn anywhere applies to program trap.  I know you thought PT was dead when they errattad counter assault because of me and my sick @#$% tech, but its not about the sick force loss from counter assault anymore, its just about blockign the drains.  So you get barquin d’an to anywhere protected (bunker, star destroyer) and you just run him to retrieve (because there is hot destiny in this deck) and to set of the PTs.  Using barquin d’an draws four destiny total a turn.  Not to mention you can also play counter assault and battle and all that great stuff.  But four destinies a turn and you are going to set off that PT no matter what, you dont even have to track.  The big thing about this is being aware that ALL desitnies apply.  If a destiny is drawn that equals the number of characters AT the site, it blows up killing everyone there.  EPP Vader is there to make suicide runs when needed as well.  All is good in this deck.

Here is some added ill tech.  Oh switch off protects my droids, and its destiny 6 used.  Gravity shadow is to stop those stupid @#$% kessel runs in @#$%ty WYS decks.  Godhert is to protect against hte landing claw so you can apply a beatdown.  Other than that the Alert my star destroyer is just sick tech that makes the deck extremely strong, and trust me its really really easy to pull off, ive done it on turn 5.  

This deck is a little slow, and like i said the activation is a problem, but youre gonna get an IC in your opening hand, pull piett pull merrejk adn you are set.  i also have a TIE version of this deck that Eric HUnter helped me make, and i will post that sometime too.  That has it’s ups and downs as well, but i love my star destroyer tech so i want that to be my difinitive version of the deck i helped to make HUGE.  this deck is balls.  I dare you to try it.  

BOOOOOOOOOOM PROGRAM TRAP AHHHHHHHHHHHH '