---
layout: post
author: ! Eric "bounty22" Hunter
title: ! "Spies up your @$$"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-18
description: ! "this deck is a isb scum deck that battle, retrives, drains, and in most cases won’t lose."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

' 
Locations (7)
Coruscant 
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber 
Tatooine Desert  x2
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace  x3

Characters (18)
Chall Bekan  x2
Guri  x2
IG-88 With Riot Gun 
Jabba 
Mighty Jabba 
Outer Rim Scout  x9
Prince Xizor  x2

Vehicles (4)
Blizzard Walker  x2
Tempest Scout 1 
Tempest Scout 2 

Starships (3)
Boba Fett In Slave I 
Jabba’s Space Cruiser 
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 

Interrupts (15)
Abyssin Ornament  x2
Endor Occupation  x2
Evader & Monnok  x2
Nevar Yalnal  x2
None Shall Pass  x4
Prepared Defenses 
Trample  x2

Effects (12)
Crush The Rebellion 
Den Of Thieves 
No Bargain 
Sandwhirl 
Scum And Villainy  x2
There Is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement 
There’ll Be Hell To Pay  x3
Undercover  x2

Obective (1)
ISB Operations/Empire’s Sinister Agents 
'

Strategy: '

****UPDATE*****Ok if they have blount you go and take blount out do u poeple get that?  Blount get’s out aginst me and i take him out. plus unless they play his ship and/ or a couple tunnel’s then i will hit them enough not to be hurt as much. plsu with WYS being the most popular deck who is going to pay 8 for blount? anywho this deck can beat wys since they drain for like 4 max a turn, and u drain for like 7. who is going to win that drain race?


OK this deck is tight. It hasn’t lost a tournament game, losing only one game and that was because i didn’t pack endor ocupation and i was playing against a twiggs wys. So anywho you start CRUSH, THE ANTI SAC, and NO BARGAIN. monok like crazy, grab like crazy and drain like crazy. If they come after you(and they will) trample with tracked destiny, neveran Yahl jpsd lando and corran. Plop undercover pimps at there locations. Drain and use reacting walkers to spread out. The only game this deck got beaten off the ground was against a Profit where i forgot to start 2 aliens. However luke and obi where sandwhirled laterP ok onto the matchups.

vs TRM. ok you monok to keep there hand down, keep drawing till you get the ac or jp then you will flip. grimtash rarely hurts because you just retrive it later. Battle, drain, win. easy game.

vs HBM. they will want to set up menace fades and battle plan, which is ok with me. just pick the right time to send some ship and ors’ to satisfy menace/ battle plan for a couple turns. Drain and battle, prevent them from draining you and eventualy you will find a battle where you will trample, iggy and draw destinies to win the game. this can be won.

vs Degabah mains. same as with HBM but try to flip superfast. Other then that plays the same as the other mains deck.

vs WYS. ok you want to monok early to take out palace raiders and patrol crafts, or to see if they are playing the beatdown version. If they play celabration then u just cancel it with endor ocupation. drain them and retrive. they will only be able to drain at 3 locations, 4 max. you will outdrain them and with grabbers and endor ocupation out retrive them. This will be hardest against the beats wys, but i tihnk it still can be done.

vs TIGIH. ok trample, none shall pass, drain, don’t let them drain. react and choose batles. With no imps they won’t cross and that means you will out last them. easy game.

vs ebo. drain pick battle in space to retrive with. if this more popular in your region add 2 stingers so you can use guri.

vs hbx-wings. if popular put in hutt influence, easygame.

well there you have it. it has won all it’s game in tournament play. It has lost a few play testing games to my brother hayes hunter but so does everything. But basicly all it may need is a bigger space package. 

thanx
-eric hunter  '