---
layout: post
author: ! Darth Vader "The Dark" Lord of The Sith
title: ! "Big Blue DONE RIGHT - No Money  No Parts  NO R3"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-11-11
description: ! "This deck uses the back side of the Objective, You’re A Slave to deploy cards for free and play Big Blue design at the same time. Because I’m participating in the NO REFLECTIONS III contest, NO REFLECTIONS 3 CARDS ARE USED."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7) 
No Money, No Parts, No Deal / You’re a Slave? 
Tatooine Watto’s Junkyard 
Tatooine Mos Espa 
Prepared Defenses 
You Cannot Hide Forever & Mobilization Points 
Something Special Planned For Them 
Do They Have A Code Clearance 

Characters (21) 
Watto x3
Darth Maul
Captain Godhert
Gamall Wironicc 
Boba Fett
Kir Kanos
Grand Moff Tarkin
Jodo Kast
Colonel Davod Jon
Guri
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Sebulba
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Captain Gilad Pellaeon
Admiral Piett
Admiral Ozzel
Jabba the Hutt
Gragra 

Effect 
Death Squadron 

Interrupts/Podracer (4)
The Empire’s Back
Vader’s Eye
Vader’s Obssession
Sebulba’s Podracer

Starships (15)
Flagship Executor
Accuser
Judicator
Vengeance
Conquest
Slave 1
IG-88 in IG-2000
Imperial-Class Star Destroyer x4
Victory-Class Star Destroyer x4

Weapons/Devices (3)
Maul’s Lightsaber
Maul’s Electrobinoculars
Heavy Turbolaser Battery

Systems/Locations (8)
Yavin 4
Fondor
Sullust
Kashyyyk
Tatooine
Tatooine Mos Espa Docking Bay
Mon Calamari
Endor
'

Strategy: '

Once I saw No Money, No Parts, No Deal, I saw it as a useless Objective because I couldn’t understand what exactly the Destiny 7 Side, You’re A Slave? actually did. Turns out that when flipped, once per turn, you may face a card face down on table, (for you who alreadly know how to play it, ignore this paragraph, this part is for those who don’t know what it does), at this point, your opponent can choose two courses of action, pay 2 force and you deploy the card FOR FREE If he/she chooses not to pay 2 force, he/she must lose 2 force and your card goes into your used pile. This deploying for free part is the key in my gameplay.

The best feature of this deck is the idea of using high deploy, high power, high ability.... etc. cards down and paying nothing, allowing you to deploy a card on your turn and not even paying for it. And if your opponent chooses not to deploy the card, they lose two. Kind of like a force drain, if he or she hasn’t saved 2 force, they lose two. Haha This idea of deploying high cost cards, like why mainly I choose the Moblization Points portion of one of my starting interrupts. Pull out Executor first turn, and use it as your first free deploy card. But this deck must not be overdeveloped inn space or on land. There are definetly some type decks to look out for.

VS Hidden Base

This shall be a tough one, so I listed it first, make sure you keep a small task force at Mos Espa and the Junkyard, like Darth Maul, Watto, and Dengar WIth Blaster Carbine should be enough against this deck type. Cover Mos Espa with Darth Vader WIth Lightsaber, Grand Moff Tarkin, and Gamall Wironicc or some other card that would be better ground based, like Jabba the Hutt or Colonel Davod Jon. When you defend the ground good enough against a small beatdown party, begin your space assualt and start probing with your non-unique Star Destroyers, takin the time to send out a Star Destroyer with 1-2 pilots should be enough to handle a non-massed fleet. Pull out ASAP once you see the beginning of a Swarm deck and mass your fleet, usually in two parts, one at a good draining planet, like Endor or Kashyyyk. Try not to spread out the fleet. Once you start costing him his 2 force per turn, and when he/she begins losing the good ships, then you can ease up slowly on the no contact idea. When it’s somewhat equeal and you’ll know by the way the playing field looks, it’s probably a drain race. This of all decks is probably one of the toughest powers to look out for.

VS WYS

Ummm, this is going to be the toughest ground assualt deck you’ll probably face, watch out for independant starship swarm and crush any lone starfighter if you can. Pluck off as many people in Watto’s Junkyard as you can, if needed, place a starship at Tatooine and shuttle up everyone if you feel that a huge beatdown’s coming. If there’s signs of a space WYS type of deck, "watch your step," it’s really play it by ear and determine your course of action, but keep the lose 2 force per turn thing going.

VS Senate

Coruscant as their main location chain shouldn’t be a threat. Watch out for Jedi Council Member Beatdown on Tatooine. If they play Tatooine as their main location chain, play most of your characters down at one time for a major beatdown, this deck is another "play it by ear" type of strategy.

VS TIGIM

Unless he/she’s basing the whole design of their deck on getting Luke to cross Vader over, then don’t deploy him, avoid his Luke with your Vader if you can, mass a small "strike team" and go to Endor with the strike team and vanquish his Luke. If not, deploy your fleet and drain no matter what, but the response to the high amount of dark side and light side // icons really ma have to make you react to his drains. Don’t respond unless needed though. Drain race may have to do.

VS WHT

Haven’t played this yet, don’t deploy Vader or Maul and don’t go to Naboo if you need to, stay and drain and if needed, go to space. As I said, haven’t played it yet, but I probabbly will at FreedomCon 2001.

VS MBO

Still seen many of these decks around, try to take control of Yavin 4 so he can’t deploy characters for the flip. If you can, defend the Death Star and take charge at Yavin and place Death Squadron down at Yavin and place Victor-Class Star Destroyers there to enchance your power on Yavin, if you can take control before he/she does. You could prevent the flip, overpower his/her fleet since he/she can’t blow up the Death Star, but he/she could pull out the "small moon" and the Attack Run by other means, so beware. But haven’t played against a powerful deck that could withstand my strike team since his deck was only loaded with pilots to utilize the Squadron Assignment bonus.

VS AITC

Haven’t played against this type of deck yet. Defend Tatooine and if so, shuttle up your characters and play space. Drain race, probably.

VS QMC

Drain Race probably, but against CC, I’d say if you can drain well in space and on Tatooine, you should be able to win this game. Haven’t played against this type of deck though.

VAS RST

Haven’t played against it, use the same type of approach like TIGIM.

Expect seeing this at FreedomCon I’ll be setting up a side tournament with my friends. Enjoy the FreedomCon experience I’m also about to post my next article "A Tribute to The Star Wars Customizable Card Game" expect it early this week
'