---
layout: post
author: ! Stephen "Texan" Beckham
title: ! 'Hunt Down Battling'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-04
description: ! 'This is a non-duel hunt down'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
Hunt Down
Visage of Emperor
Executor Med Chamber
Executor Holotheater
Prepared Defenses
IAO
Mob Points
Your Insight Serves You Well

Locations (5) 
Rendili 
Executor Docking Bay 
Death Star DB
Cloud City DB
Cloud City Downtown Plaza

Characters (18)
Lord Vader x 2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x2
Darth Vader
Grand Moff Tarkin
Mara Jade
Dengar with Blaster Carbine
Emperor Palpatine 
IG88 w/ gun 
4Lom w/gun
Prince Xixor
Guri
Admiral Chiranue
Admiral Ozzel
Grand Admiral Thrawn
General Veers
Commander Igar

Vechicles (2)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Starships (5) 
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter 
Bossk in Hounds Tooth 
Chimaera 
Dominator
Boba Fett in Slave 1

Weapons (3) 
Vader’s Lightsaber x 2
Mara&#8217;s Stick 

Interrupts (10) 
Sniper/Dark Strife
Twi&#8217;lek Advisor 
Masterful Move x 2
Imperial Command x 3
This is some rescue x 2
Trample

Effects (9) 
Something Special Planned for Them Reactor Teminal
Battle Order
First Strike
There’ll Be Hell To Pay
Visage of the Emperor x2
Search & Destroy 
No Escape
'

Strategy: '

This, in case you haven&#8217;t noticed focuses more on the power and strength of the dark side&#8217;s army then on the power of dueling.  I love Visage.  This deck will give you the ability to cancel those pesky Out of Commission/Transmission Terminated cards with This is Some Rescue.  Got to love it since it is also a six.  Your main objective is to get down Vader first turn to the Death Star Docking Bay, flip the objective and make the light side start suffering from having to look at that wrinkly old man.  First turn you also want to pull the Rendilli for the activation and for the battleground.  First light side turn they will probably pull Honor and if they do that, next turn spread to the Death Star Docking bay, cloud city docking bay and Rendilli to cover your sites, or try and find No Escape.  Go where they are and force drain them on their own turf.  Mara can get places others can&#8217;t which helps out a lot.  If they drop a spy to the chamber to cancel Visage they are sol.  Drop on them for lots of damage before they realize what hit them.  Or you can always docking bay transit over to them.  Most of the time it will be Boush, who cannot force drain you while flipped.  Otherwise it is probably Corran or Lando and if it is them, they screwed up since they are throwing away two great characters.

Why no Ephant?
Well that requires him and Power of the Hutt to be effective.  I just don&#8217;t want to use the space to prevent something that won&#8217;t ruin my game.  If they do send Corran, Boush or whoever, beat the hell outta them.

Card that Are Suspect.
Prince Xixor- Just don&#8217;t keep him with Vader.  Is that hard to comprehend, no.  He kicks some serious @#$% when used correctly.
Dominator- Adds to my space power and I can retrieve it with Rendilli.  If they force drain you, drop it and retrieve it.
Dengar with Gun- Anti WYS.  He can shoot those Patrol Crafts running around everywhere.  Just do not lose him to attrition and they will all eat it.

Matchups
Watch you Step will be fun to play.  IF they harvest they will lose the effect.  If they celebrate, hopefully you are draining and using Visage enough to out do them.  Go to them with Vader and Dengar and they will suffer some wrath.  Stick an Admiral in a walker and keep their destiny draws down.  Space will be a close one until you get an Admiral and command to stop all the destinies.  You have enough adders in here that you should do fine.
Space Swarm is rough.  I always want Dengar in Ship for this one but the others draw destiny alone which really makes a world of difference.  If I was to drop anything for him it would probably be Boba Fett.  Anyways, a monnok in this deck would be nice but I dropped it in favor of Visage protection and high destiny.  Stack up with your ships to not get beat down so bad.  Drop YISYW after you are certain of no numbers and get search and destroy.
Mains decks should be pretty fun to play also.  You are extremely powerful.  Trample people, track it and draw it again.  Got to get rid of as many people as possible.  Take it to them with the destiny adders.  Start off strong but mid game play a little re-active if you are not sure about his deck.
'