---
author: Dunya "Hardpack" Ertan
title: 'wow something we have not seen. may have a future'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-12-27
description: 'flexable and durable deck'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

 

Objective:  
Carbon testing/favorite decoration
Jabbas prize

Start:
Prepared defenses
Mob points
They will never again leave this city
Power of the hut
Cloud city: security tower
Cloud city: carbonite chambers
Carbonite chamber console
Fear is my ally
Defensive shields
Ops enforcement
Come here you big coward
You cannot hide forever
Secret plans
We will let fate decide huh
You never won a race
Battle order
Wipe them out
Allegation of corruption

Ships:
Mauls infiltrator
Jabbas space cruiser
Blizzard 4
Punishing one
Old executor
Ig 2000

Orders:
Black sun fleet x2

Locations:
Bespin
Jabbas palace
Tatooine: docking bay 94
Cloud city db

Effects:
His name is anakin
Cloud city occupation
Presence of the force
Reactor terminal

Interrupts:
Sniper/dark strike 
Twilek advisor x3
Weapon levitation 
Imperial barrier x3
Ghhk/combo x2
Imperial artillery 
Neimodian advisor x3

People:
Res yees
Bossk with mortar gun
Jodo kast
Ig 88 with the gun
Nute lunray
Mighty jabba
Dr. evazan combo
4-lom with concussion rifle
Darth Vader with stick
Dengar with the gun
Darth sidious
Grand admiral thrawn
Guri
Maul with stick x2
Keder the black
Aura sing
New boba fett. 
Mara jade
Ephant Mon
Lando calrissian



Strategy: 

update 1: i got the point with u can not leave this city. I will leave it in the reserve deck and pull it with a twik. thank you. Just start with the camp than. 


Strategy:

This is a tough objective to play. There are many ways to play it. Run a mean bounty deck. Try to flip early and drain at jabba house. Another way is to run a cloud city occupation and try to flip late for some good retrieval. This deck is made out of cloud city power and easy flip if need it. Got lots of bounties and with guns to due some good damage.

Some card choices:
Lando: simple eliminates Lando problem. Try to keep him with executor

Nute: great with forfeit and ability

New fett: read the text

Blizzard 4: great for destiny and pulling a free imperial

Dark strike: For getting ready of a pesky character

His name is anakin: good for WYS and holding down the jabba place

Ephant Mon: nice for spies and smugglers



First turn:
Pull cloud city db. Lando and good old executor. If possible use the advisor to pull bespin system. Draw. 

Second turn: 
Deploy and try to set up the occupation and look for ig-88 or 4-lom. Great cards.

Deck types:
WYS: go to the cantina and hold it. Make sure u keep guri around. Its great

QMC: this is a hard match I even admit but be smart about it. U can stick around and mess them up while getting to jabbas palace. They will have good space but it will be hard for them to come with good cards. Millennium falcon is out for a while. Use the blizzard four and executor with thrawn will be good.

There is good in him: Do not lose to battles and beat the unique rebels down ever chances.

Jedi duel crap: I really hate this deck. Wait for beat down and make sure u have a good hand afterwards. Get sidious out for out of commission. This will help. They got limited space because the super build in falcon can not be deployed. They got out rider but multiple destinies will help. In cloud city

New objectives: nothing can be said. Just go and kick the crap out of gungans. Keep a ghhk in hand it’s a great card.

Senate deck: Play your objective. Try to take over the Jedi council at the end for a drain of 3

This deck comes with great opportunities and options. Try to be flexible. I know lots of people thinks all wrap up will be good but the protection for captured people would be hard. Therefore I did not included.

