---
layout: post
author: ! Patrick "Pappy" Napier
title: ! "RST Fake out"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-06-25
description: ! 'Influenced by Brian Hunters Hidden Mains, this deck swings the Force activation back your way post-Tatooine.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'OBJECTIVE ( 1 ) 

Rebel Strike Team / Garrison Destroyed

LOCATIONS ( 4 ) 

Endor ( Start ) 
Endor  Rebel Landing Site ( Start ) 
Endor  Chief Chirpa’s Hut 
Endor  Hidden Forest Trail

CHARACTERS ( 17 ) 

Admiral Ackbar
Captain Han Solo 
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk
Corran Horn 
Dash Rendar
General Crix Madine 
Han Solo With Blaster Pistol
2 x Liea With Blaster Rifle 
2 X Luke Skywalker , Jedi Knight 
2 X Obi Wan Kenobi
2 x Qui-Gon Jinn
Tawss Khaa
Wuta 

STARSHIPS ( 6 ) 

Home One 
2 x Millenium Falcon 
Outrider 
Spiral 
Tantive IV 

PODRACER ( 1 ) 

Anakin’s Podracer 

WEAPONS ( 3 ) 

Anakin’s Lightsaber 
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber
Qui-Gon Jinn’s Lightsaber 

EFFECTS ( 10 ) 

Aim High 
Battle Plan 
Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice 
Draw Their Fire 
Menace Fades 
Ounee Ta 
Strike Planning ( FIXED Start ) 
The Shiel Is Down ( FIXED Start )
Traffic Control 
What’re You Trying To Push On Us 

INTERRUPTS ( 18 ) 

2 x A Jedi’s Resilience
Clash Of Sabers
Gift Of The Mentor 
Grimtaash
HFTMF ( Start ) 
I Know 
Losing Track 
Nabrun Leids 
2 x On The Edge 
2 x Out Of Commision & Transmission Terminated
Run Luke, Run 
The Signal 
2 x Throw Me Another Charge 
Weapon Levitation 









'

Strategy: '

NOTE  Several people have reviewed this deck as if I am trying to blow the bunker.  Once again THIS DECK DOES NOT BLOW THE BUNKER, it is designed to provide good Force activation to use as a platform for Mains & Toys.

First, a disclaimer.  After Tatooine, I was wondering how can I still utilize a good mains deck, like Hunter’s Hidden Mains, without getting set back by cards like His Name Is Anakin and Fanfare.  One of the Keys to Hidden Mains was its rapid Force activation.  So I sat down with the new cards, and I decided to go with an RST deck that just brings power beatdowns to the opponent.  A version of this deck that actually DID blow the Bunker was only beaten once in a tournament.  It went down to SYCFA TIES a-la Christopher Baker Basler.  After that I took out the Bunker Junk and added cards to give this deck more of a Mains & Toys feel.  That said, this version of the deck has been playtested several times and seems to do well.  What I need from fellow DeckTech Members is an honest review of the deck so I know if it needs some improvements for the upcoming Colorado World Qualifier Event.  With that said, on to the strategy.

EARLY GAME 

I start the game with Strike Planning and TSID for obvious reasons.  TSID gives the deck an activation boost, and Strike Planning eliminates the dark icons at Endor. The third effect depends on your opponent.  Usually Battle Plan or Aim High against TIES, Menace Fades against big drain decks like Dark Deal or YMSYL. Ounee Ta against RalOps or Operatives ( You never know, someone might try it ) ) Also Anakin’s Podracer will pull up to the starting line at the opponents Podrace Arena, if they play it.  If not, I have a destiny 3 free drain card.  So , I start by activating a minimum of 5 Force, giving up only 1.  Using SP, I grab General Crix ” Combover ” Madine from my reserve deck.  On my turn I activate a boatload, deploy Crix, use him to get C of K, then use C of K to grab Wuta, and finally use Wuta to grab one of my Endor sites, usually Chirpa’s Hut if available.  Now its time to draw a hand and get ready for the opponent.  On the second turn I activate 9 Force from my locations, plus whatever my opponent gives, usually by now 2 or 3 more.  I pop off a quick drain of one at the RLS and then grab the remaining location if I did not draw it.  Now all of the 0’s are out of the deck, Im ready for turn 3, and I am activating 12 Force just from my locations.  Time to play Star Wars. 

MID GAME 

If I fear a quick beatdown on my Scrub Scout Brigade, I move into the Hut to limit who can get to them.  If an early Mara Jade is suspected ( ie opponent is saving Force for a major Smackdown ) , I will shuttle these guys up to a ship, which I should have at Endor by now.  If all of this fails, I just let the Scrub Scout Brigade die, they have done their job. Now its time to play with the fun part of the deck, the Mains and their Toys.  Play responsive, and responsible.  Try to hold off your opponents strategy while you assemble a good hand and then go at them.  If they assemble a decent hand, use the Grimtassh to make them put it back down or lose multiples ( AKA TIES, All Power To Weapons, The Circle Is Now Complete, etc. ) If their in space, set up the Super Falcon and Home One.  If they are on the ground, use your Jedi Hit Squad to kill them.  Deploy smart, battle smart, don’t get yourself killed.

LATE GAME

By this point you should be able to recycle your destiny 6 cards with either Traffic Control or by playing Throw Me Another Charge to look for those non-existent Explosive Charges.  ( Thanks Kyle Craft and Brian Hunter ) By utilizing good tracking skills and the ability to look at your reserve deck with TSID, you can set up some decent Edge retrieval.  This works for setting up a good attack against your opponents forces as well. Again , deploy smart, battle smart ( retrieving with DTF ) and don’t get yourself killed.  

MATCHUPS

This section I won’t insult your intelligence with.  We all know by now what these cards do, how they do it , and when they do it best.  I will add a few notes , however.  Battle Plan, Aim High, WYTTPOU and grimtaash were added because of decks like SYCFA TIES.  Losing Track was added because of the Hunt Down Racer decks that are big out there.  Nabrun Leids is back, use him wisely.  OOCTT slows down Hunt Down direct damage.  Run Luke Run can either save Luke’s butt in a duel , or can be used to set up a mean hit with Obi-Wan and Gift ( a-la WYS Mains or QMC ) 

There you have it, my first deck posted on DeckTech.  Please review it objectively, and give constructive criticism.  Your help is greatly appreciated. 

'