---
layout: post
author: ! Preston "Bravo 3" Stahley
title: ! "Lethal Court with Capturing"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-22
description: ! 'Court is the best thing out there for DS.  This version has what it takes to win.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (8)
Great Pit (s)
Audience Chamber (s)
Dungeon (s)
Jabba’s Palace x3
JP Lower Passages
JP Rancor Pit

Characters (21)
Mighty Jabba
SE Jabba
Chall Bekan
Boelo
Ephant Mon
Mara Jade, TEH
Prince Xizor
Gailid x2
Dr. E & Ponda Baba
Zuckuss
Bossk w/ gun
Iggy w/ gun
Dengar w/ gun
4-Lom w/ gun
Jodo Kast x2
Fett w/ gun x2
Snoova x2

Creatures (1)
Rancor

Weapons (2)
Mara’s saber
Vibro-Ax

Interrupts (16)
None Shall Pass
Imperial Barrier x2
Hidden Weapons x2
Trap Door x2
Elis Helrot
Point Man
Control
Oota Goota Solo?
Twilek Advisor x2
Sniper/Dark Stike
Defensive Fire/Hutt Smooch
Ghhhk/Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us


Effects (11)
Power Of The Hutt (s)
All Wrapped Up (s)
TINT/Oppresive Enforcement (default s)
Resistance (s vs EBO)
Secret Plans (s vs MWYHL, WYS, AITC)
First Strike
Search And Destroy
Hutt Influence
Push
Scum And Villainy x2

Objective
Court/Feeding Time '

Strategy: '

--------UPDATE
Mr. Ouija
If you are going to review someones deck I would EXPECT that you would at least breifly read what they have to say about it first.  The note about reading the strategy is to make sure that everyone who rates my deck knows how to play it.  If you already know how thats fine, but would it kill you to take a few minutes to read it anyway?  Who knows you may find a piece of info thats new to you.(gasp)  One more thing, I want you to show me a deck here on DT that is ”EXACTLY the same” as mine.  Otherwise, rate the deck for how it plays and if the deck is good rate it accordingly.  Thank you.
--------END UPDATE

PLEASE READ THE STRATEGY BEFORE REVIEWING

What you want to do with this deck is use your big drains and Court damage to force the opponent to come to you.  Once they do smack them around, retrieve with Scum, and give the Rancor his fill to finish them off.	This mix of cards works incredibly well.

------------------------------
How to play the deck...

First turn
Deploy your Hutt Influence and send Mighty Jabba to the Audience Chamber.  If you didn’t get a Jabba’s Palace in your starting hand now’s the time to check if there could be one in your force pile.  With 3 floating around, you will get one sooner or later anyway.  As soon as you get one use it to get the Lower Passages and the Pit.

Second turn
You probably want to deploy Ephant Mon to back up Jabba.  Then you need to draw up to build your hand or get that JP.  Either way you should draw a few this turn in order to find Scum and more characters.

Third turn and beyond
By the turn 3 or 4 you should have a defensive card (Barrier, NSP, Ghhhk) and a lot of offensive cards (big characters, Hidden Weapons).  At this point if the opponent is ignoring you, spread out to all your sites for maximum damage.  If have Galid out he will be sorry.	When he comes to play slow down the attack with your defensive card(s) and take a bit of damage if you have to.  Next turn battle the hell out of him with all your powerful guys and tricks and such taking captives when convenient.

After that just keep battling to keep your retrieval coming.  Your aliens are cheap and deadly.  With Scum, Chall, and baby jabba they can be up to deploy -3.

The feeding comes in at the mid to end game.  Trap Door his big forfeit dude you took captive and watch the game take a drastic swing in your favor.

------------------------------
Ways to take CAPTIVES...

Remember this deck has a lot of power and retrieval and you DO NOT need to feed Mr. Rancor to win.  But it is there when you need it.  Remember that when you capture you can seize them or send them to used pile.  Play smart and pick whichever is best for the situation.  Here is the ways you will be grabbing their guys

-All Wrapped Up.  You start with this one and they cant get rid of it, so from turn 1 your Bounty Hunters (all 11 of them) have the option of taking the guys they forfeit.

-Hidden Weapons.  This is sweet.  Take a look at the deck.  I have 2 Jodo and 2 Fett w/ Blaster.  Get rid of (or capture) the biggest most powerful guy they have by drawing a 2 or higher.  That Easy.  The destiny in here is not incredibly high but you will get your sites and a lot of your 1s out early leaving you with many 2s and 3s.  This card almost always will cause major problems for your opponent.

-Hutt Smooch/Defensive Fire.  Trying to block my drains?  Hutt Smooch and feed em to our pal the Rancor.  Works great if they send you Boushh.	If not needed use the Defensive Fire part to rob their hand of a card and recycle a 2.	This can really screw them up.	I want to put in another one of these.

-Oota Goota Solo.  This one is not all that likely but hey if they try to Naburn a pile of mains they are screwed.  Take who you want and send the rest to their used pile.  Since you start AWP it plays for free  Also with WYS decks out there it could come in handy to cancel a Kessel Run.  Either way its a 5 destiny card.

-----------------------------
Neat cards and why I chose them...

Search And Destroy
Wrecks non-interactive and all-space decks.  You know how much this can hurt...

Sniper/Dark Strike
Character removal is always nice, Mara can hit a main easier, and Snoova can use it to take a captive.	=)

Control
Cause its just awesome.  And no, i don’t like the combo version.

Ghhhk/TRWEU
Use it for a suicide run with a scrub just so you can retrieve.  Leave a scrub alone too lure them into the Palace.  Also cancel a react.  (ex. bye bye Arcona)  =)

Zuckuss?
Since I have no space (more on that later) this version is sweet on the ground.  He’s a bounty hunter, has 4 ability, moves for free as a react, makes a alien of ability >3 forfeit 0, and adds a destiny with 4-Lom.

Elis Helrot
This card still wrecks.  Game winner.

Point Man
The Audience Chamber is your home not theirs.  OTE can cause other trouble too so its best to get rid of it.  Also cancels Scramble which could possibly hurt this deck.

Only 1 NSP?  yep, I prefer the Barriers.  It leaves them primed for a beat-down on my next turn.  Plus, I like Mara in the Palace.

Why no space?
It simply is not needed here.  Once you set up your drains are huge along with your objective and S&D if they leave you alone they could be losing 11 a turn.  With Hutt Influence your drains can NOT be canceled or modified.  Limit their drains with Resistance and your Control for the big ones. Plus, now you get 5 more slots for ground defense.

------------------------------
I will add more strategy including deck matchups later.

d-mail me any questions you have and if you rate this deck low please tell me why so I can improve it	  '