---
layout: post
author: John "jpvz" Veasey
title: 'Rig that destiny V 2.0'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-14
description: 'A deck that deals direct damage, has massive retrival and should be able to hang with any deck'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 




Locations:
Dagobah
Cloud City: Platform 327 (Docking Bay)
Dagobah: Yoda’s Hut
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Home One: Docking Bay
Hoth: Echo Docking Bay

Characters (19)
Lando With Vibro-Ax
Melas
Momaw Nadon
Tawss Khaa
Artoo
ASP-707 (Ayesspee)  x3
Yoda
Boushh
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Jeroen Webb
Luke With Lightsaber  x3
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x2
Orrimaarko

Effects (7)
Aim High
Bacta Tank
Do, Or Do Not
Insurrection
Staging Areas
Traffic Control
Wise Advice

Interrupts (23)
Clash Of Sabers
Glancing Blow
Off The Edge  x2
On The Edge  x3
Run Luke, Run!
Sorry About The Mess  x2
Surprise Assault  x2
Transmission Terminated  x2
Heading For The Medical Frigate
The Signal
Fallen Portal  x2
Narrow Escape  x2
Rebel Barrier  x2
Under Attack

Weapons (5)
Ewok Catapult  x5


Strategy: 

Edit time Narrow escaping is out, a Bith Shuffle and OOC (or combos when I get R2)
-------------------------------------------------


This is an Ewok catapult deck as you can see. Hit and run is the name of the game here. There isn’t really any drain potential here, you have to take it to your opponent. A defensive deck that tries and react to whatever you opponent is playing. It will be hurting against an all Big Blue space, but should be solid against any deck that is on the ground.

Start at MWYHL for activation and no drain for them. Docking bays help get around. CC for Off the Edge, Endor for the catapults, Hoth an H1 for activation and an early base.

For charactes, need either self destiny or a weapon. Rigged weps destiny can hit anyone (Nice with SATM). Momnaw, Lando, Blount and Boussh are to go in where needed Melas and Orri are decent stand alone guys. The keys to this deck are the ASP droids.

Effects are to keep stuff going thru my deck. Wise Advise and DoDN are anti SAC(Use the combo when I get it). Bacta Tank keeps my guys going longer. Insurection gets the DB’s out. Stagin Areas for more for me. Aim High to kill retrival. She’s allright to make them come down to me.

The meat of this deck is the red here.	Clash isn’t seen too much today, but has surprise value. Glancing Blow helps me deal with the Dark Lord. The Edges are perfect for this deck’s retival. SATM can be both an offensive and defensive weapon. Surprise Assaults can be nasty with rigged or tracked destiny. Signal to grab stuff. Fallen Portal is fun, love to see the color drain from my opponents face. Barriers help prevent beatdown ( I hope). OOC and Shiffle to screw with my opponent. Basic HD protection to keep my Jedi alive.

Then of course the Catapults. Drop and stack, simple as that.
