---
layout: post
author: Michael "MadSkills84" Pistone
title: 'Madskills BHBM'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-05-10
description: ! 'An idea given to me by Eric Hunter use Imperial Commands to rank your opponents in battles and win the game by that, clearing them out to drain them or just turn luke.  A win is a win right?'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations
Carida 
Cloud City East Platform (Docking Bay) 
Death Star II Docking Bay 
Death Star II Throne Room 
Kiffex 

Characters (18)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle 
Admiral Ozzel 
Admiral Piett 
Commander Igar 
DS-61-2 
Emperor Palpatine  x2
General Veers x2
Grand Admiral Thrawn 
Guri x2
Janus Greejatus  x2
Lord Vader  x4
Officer Evax 

Vehicles (2)
Blizzard 2 
Tempest 1 

Starships (7)
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Chimaera 
Devastator
Dreadnaught Class Heavy Cruiser x2
Stinger
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 

Interrupts (12)
Force Lightning 
Imperial Command x3
Monnok
Operational As Planned
Point Man
Prepared Defenses 
Shocking Revelation 
Trample
Twi’lek Advisor  x2

Effects (14)
Battle Order 
Emperor’s Power 
First Strike 
Imperial Arrest Order 
Imperial Decree 
Insignificant Rebellion 
Lateral Damage 
Mobilization Points 
Oppressive Enforcement 
Search And Destroy 
Secret Plans 
There’ll Be Hell To Pay  x2
Your Destiny 

Objective
Bring Him Before Me/Take Your Father’s Place 
'

Strategy: '

Ok basically every game here’s your start
Prepared Defenses, IAO, Mob. Points, Oppressive, Your Insight, Insignificant Rebellion, DS 2 Throne Room and of course the objective.  

Basically deploy to get a drain going, when they either deploy to stop the drain or deploy elsewhere to match it beat them up with multiple destinies, imperial commands, emperors power etc.  First Strike and Insignificant Rebellion speed this up.  Don’t get Luke unless you can apply beatdown fast or if he’s draining you bad because you will lose one force a turn and the destinies are relatively low in the deck so you most likely won’t be making them lose force to the duels.  

Basically the strat section is the same for every deck
CONTROL SPACE, this is the biggest thing Dark has going for it right now and one of the keys of winning every game.  Wanna beat WYS?  Get the system early and keep it.  

WYS
Control the system, get them to stack cards.  Grab Harvest  Set up decree if possible to shut down the drains.  Out drain them and just beat them to oblivion with Imperial command.

EBO
Beat them up with search destroy and battle plan.  Set up decree with hoth sites or planets, whichever works better.  Start decree instead of oppressive for this matchup since there isn’t anything really worth grabbing.

Hidden Base Flip
Probe the hell out of them.  Basically same strategy as EBO just you must probe the system.  Probing the system increases your chances of winning exponentially, not that it is hard anyways.

Mains
Play smart, that’s how you beat mains.  Play smart, I can’t tell you how to beat mains you just gotta do it.

Hope you like the deck
Madskills '