---
layout: post
author: ! Martin "Harbinger" Parzonka
title: ! 'Bring Him Before The Harbinger'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-19
description: ! 'Yay my first day on Decktech. Anyhoo this is a BHBM which does try to turn Luke.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'
Starting
	 1 Bring Him Before Me/Take Your Father’s Place
	 1 Insignificant Rebellion
	 1 Your Destiny
	 1 Death Star II Throne Room
	 1 Mobilization Points
	 1 Imperial Arrest Order
	 ...Third Effect changes on situation...

Locations
	 1 Cloud City East Platform (Docking Bay)
	 1 Death Star II Docking Bay
	 1 Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
	 1 Gall


Characters
	 1 4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
	 1 Commander Igar
	 1 Darth Vader With Lightsaber
	 1 Darth Vader
	 1 Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba
	 1 Emperor Palpatine
	 1 Grand Moff Tarkin
	 1 Guri
	 1 IG-88 With Riot Gun
	 1 Jabba The Hutt
	 1 Kir Kanos
	 1 Lord Vader
	 1 Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
	 1 Myn Kyneugh
	 1 Prince Xizor
	 1 Sim Aloo
	 1 The Emperor


Vehicles
	 1 Blizzard 2
	 1 Tempest 1


Starships
	 1 Boba Fett In Slave I
	 1 Chimaera
	 1 Dengar In Punishing One
	 1 Devastator
	 1 Flagship Executor
	 1 Zuckuss In Mist Hunter


Interrupts
	 1 Alter
	 1 Alter & Collateral Damage
	 1 Control & Set For Stun
	 1 Force Lightning
	 1 Prepared Defenses
	 2 Projective Telepathy
	 1 Sense
	 1 Sense & Uncertain Is The Future
	 1 The Circle Is Now Complete
	 1 The Empire’s Back
	 1 Trample
	 2 Twi’lek Advisor
	 1 Weapon Levitation


Effects
	 1 Battle Order
	 1 First Strike
	 1 Imperial Decree
	 1 Lateral Damage
	 1 Oppressive Enforcement
	 1 Reactor Terminal
	 1 Secret Plans


Weaponry
	 1 Dr. Evazan’s Sawed-off Blaster
	 1 Force Pike
	 1 Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

'

Strategy: '

Strategy

OK let’s first of start with saying that this is my first deck that I’ve actually stuck with and tried to make work, so don’t bash me if it’s not of a world perfect standard.

The third effect you start with all depends on the type of deck your playing against, the default effect is either Battle Order or Oppressive Enforcement, it dosen’t really matter.
If your up against MWYHL or WYS start with Secret Plans, if playing EBO start Imperial Decree.

Before you activate pull out Gall. Deploy Palpy to D*2DB. Pull EndorDB, the reason for this is you can transit for free and it costs the LS a lot to transit, think of it as a safe haven if you have to run from the LS, of course they can deploy there but you know what I mean. Pull CCDB last.
From here you basically just beat down on your opponent, get Sim Aloo to the Emperor and move them to the EndorDB, they are relatively safe due to their two destinies and immunity to attrition, so you can set up a steady drain at Endor.

Against major decks

MWYHL Gall is in here for that very deck, since it has a parsec of 9, you can deploy the Bounty Hunter ships there with some passangers and move on out to Dagobah. There you will find Yoda, the Jedi Master who instructed me... err, or maybe you would just prefer to kick the little green elfs head in.

Profit Deploy Jade and Xizor there at the start, when your turn begins, deploy Palpy, Jade’s Saber and take Force Lightning into hand, secure? I think so. Then get everthing you have and crawl all over Tatooine. Beat down on those who stand in your way.

EBO Start Imp. Decree and have a camp out on Hoth, beautiful Summer weather isn’t it?

WYS Haven’t played it, don’t know, other than start Secret Plans.

TIGIH There was never good in him and there never will be You beat on them, they beat on you, tough, but the Darkside always has more power.

Well that’s all I can think of. Hope you like it, or at least find it adequete. Look at that, it’s 4 in the morning, I don’t know but it seems to me that cards tend to be taking over my life...spooky.

Harbinger



'