---
layout: post
author: ! Nathan "Xavier Six" Cardamone
title: ! "That Ain’t Even Kosher   "
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-23
description: ! "I’m bored so I’m posting. Enjoy."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7)

Quiet Mining Colony/ Independent Operation
Bespin
Cloud City Guest Quarters (or your preference)
Heading For The Medical Frigate 
Keeping The Empire Out Forever
Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice 
Battle Plan 

Locations (3)

Cloud City Lower Corridor  
Cloud City Platform 327 (Docking Bay) 
Cloud City West Gallery 

Characters (20)

Qui-Gon Jinn  x2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight  
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber x2
Daughter of Skywalker 
Leia With Blaster
Luke With Lightsaber 
Chewie the Protector
BoShek 
Corran Horn 
Orrimaarko 
Tawss Khaa 
Bron Burs 
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol  x2
Lando With Blaster Pistol 
Padme Naberrie 
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader 
Major Haash’n 

Starships (7)

Home One
Liberty 
Artoo-Detoo In Red 5 
Red Squadron 1 
Z-95 Bespin Defense Fighter  x2
Lando In Millennium Falcon 

Interrupts (11)

A Jedi’s Concentration  x2
A Jedi’s Focus  x2
Blaster Deflection 
Clash Of Sabers x2
Gift Of The Mentor  x2
Off The Edge x2

Effects (5)

Bacta Tank 
Cloud City Celebration 
Goo Nee Tay  
Lightsaber Proficiency 
Menace Fades 

Weapons (7)

Anakin’s Lightsaber 
Jedi Lightsaber  x3
Luke’s Lightsaber  
Qui-Gon Jinn’s Lightsaber 
X-wing Laser Cannon 


'

Strategy: '

I dislike writing strategy sections, but people rate you badly without them so here we go.

The goal of this deck is to flip and bunker down. It is all about them coming to you not the other way around. If you by some chance get a one turn flip hand (doubtful) take it and move everything to the docking bay. Otherwise play hard for the flip, because once you flip your set. Just bunker down in the Lower Corridor and hold Bespin, the rest is pretty basic.

Notes

You have essentially 7 lightsabers that can be in play at one time, however the 4 non-uniques are just force drain adders and for use with some of the Jedi Interupts.

You also have quite a few built in weapons; use them and the built in destiny adders well. 

Leia and chewie deploy super cheap together in the Guest Quarters. 

Once flipped use the liberty as near infinite forfeit fodder as it can be reborn next turn. 

Major Haash’n is key to stopping that darn Lateral Damage. 

Wedge in RS 1 and Corran Horn in Artoo in Red 5 are an awesome duo especially if one has the x-wing cannon.

The Gift of the Mentors are for lightsaber pulling but in a jam use them for destinies.

Retrieve, it is key. If you hold Bespin, you can Off the Edge, Celebrate to get it back, and pull it again all during your control phase. It Rocks. 

Some characters are better in space, others on land, use common sense when deploying. However, Lando, Corran, and some others are good for both; let your opponent show you were to put them depending on his moves.

Don’t fear the duel too much but do be cautious. Use your duel cards if possible. Only Jedi Luke and Q-Man should duel, unless your really not worried keep Ben away from Vader and Maul.

Aura is a pain. Kill her if possible.

Clash of Sabers works with anyone with a lightsaber, don’t make Orrimarko with Jedi stick and Chewie fight Vader and Maul together, Clash one of the fools. (Maul usually)

Bespin Defence Fighters are nice. P=5,M=4 at Bespin and after the flip they deploy for 1 and are immune to > 4, low forfeit though.

Goo Nee Tay and Bacta Tank are both huge in tight games. Menace Fades and Battle Plan are perfect for this deck and can strangle the life out of some Dark Side decks.

Make sure Bron Burs or Tawss stay with force drainers so when flipped the drains can’t be cancelled or modified by the opponent.

Geez; there is a lot more but I’m tired off typing. Rate it what ever. The powerful version of this I’ll post next week. It kills and ills. 





'