---
layout: post
author: ! Nathan "Xavier Six" Cardamone
title: ! 'But... but that was your just  your  first  turn.'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-28
description: ! 'After seeing alot of Slave Quarters "Piles" (what the hell does pile mean) I decided to give it a look. Turns out if worked right it is a nearly broken strategy. Card choices look weird but the end strategy will explain why it rocks.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (5)

Tatooine Slave Quarters (Start)
Farm  (Start unless No Escape out)
Spaceport Docking Bay  (Start unless No Escape out)
Lars Moisture Farm (Start if No Escape out)
Tatooine City Outskirts

Characters (25)

Qui-Gon Jinn 
Shmi Skywalker 
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader 
Droid Merchant  x5
Padme Naberrie 
Threepio With His Parts Showing  x7
Chewbacca, Protector 
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol 
Lando With Vibro-Ax  x2
Leia With Blaster Rifle  
Luke With Lightsaber 
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber 
Corran Horn 
Owen and Beru Lars

Interrupts (19)

On The Edge  x2
How Did We Get Into This Mess?  x7
Spaceport Speeders  x6
Harvest x 2
A Jedi’s Resilience x 2

Effects (10)
I Hope She’s All Right 
Descent Into The Dark x2
Don’t Do That Again 
Beggar 
Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice 
Ounee Ta
Draw Their Fire
Goo Nee Tay
What Are You Trying To Push On Us?

Weapons (1)
Qui-Gon Jinn’s Lightsaber 
'

Strategy: '

UPDATE It is true both Droid Merchant and Descent into the Dark are errated... so a couple minor changes... Pull out all Droid merchants and put in Wiosleas and pull out some of the none esstential junk for four more Descent into Darks and another Threepio and you are set again. 

Too answer questions and statements... 

A. you lose DITD on your first Mess... wrong you lose it on your second one... You mess, deploy the effect, do your business and mess again and then your lose it. You can repeat this almost indefinately if you space your retrival out. 

B. How do you get your cards without drawing up any... simple deploy what you get in hand and need to, mess for new cards plus +1, spaceport if possible and nessesary, deploy more, and mess again for new cards +1. If your hands start getting small keep on messing and Descending and retrieving till your good and keep going.

C. When I relized dude was right about the errata I redesigned and actually it works even better now. Play it. I’ve run matches and a crap load of test draws and always and up with an obsence amount out on turn one. Even if by some freak occurence you get screwed drawing on turn one you can try again turn two and still rock... though I’ve yet to have that problem.

D. Someone e-mailed me saying to use Recoil in Fear instead of DITD... no... while it does sort of work like a combo of mess and DITD it is lost on one use, uses 3 force, and doesn’t earn you a bonus card... the combo card can be OE/TINT.

E. You can track while messing just as easily as when drawing up, so do it.

F. You really need to try this out... It has all three things that kill the Darkside now... Force Denial, Fast Setup and Deploy, and Near Infinite retrival. Threepio/Mess/Speeder/Descent an easy to pull of combo do to the shear number of them you have and it’s gold.  



Confusing choices... not really. I built this deck two days ago and called in all my friendly neighborhood players and handed them their a$$es.

Start

Slave Quarters to pull Shmi and either the Lars farm or the two <> sites for the extra force. Also you don’t lose Careful Planning.

Opponents turn one, if your opponent deploys anyone anywhere smile and nod.

Your Turn By design you should be able to deploy Threepio to the Lars farm or DB without Shmi, but use her on the off chance you need too. If you Get a Droid Merchant Deploy him first for activation. Now if you didn’t use shmi or have a Threepio in hand use the Spaceport Speeders which you definately should have to sell threepio to used and activate more. Deploy any effect (esspecially Descent into the Dark) if you have character and enough force deploy them to the opponent’s characters site. Redeploy threepio. leave at least 2 force. Mess and repeat. Remember to deploy any droid merchants(three max) before redeploying Threepio for even more activation and save Shmi’s power till absolutely nessesary. Use Threepio to turn a useless card or un deployable character into force. After the third and final Spaceport Speeders you should have amassed a huge fighting force with almost all your effects out. If your opponent deployed on his turn he is now crying in the corner. If he didn’t he’s probably pretty f’ing terrified. Retrieve when possible and repeat this for how ever few turns remain.

In sixteen straight games against all sorts of darksides, this deck has breezed through with only SAC minorly hurting... but how much SAC do you have first and second turn?  

The Harvests and On the Edges are for against Abyss, covering early Visage, and retrieve your suicide squad... you lose a few to threepio for Abyss sometimes.

Use WAYTTPOU for SAC only... usually Sense. 

Matchups

Court Played it twice, first time they deployed SE Jabba and Boelo to the Chamber. Slaughter. I only lost Obi to attrition and took him into hand with jedi resilience. He lost to much force that battle and I everyone and their mother out... game was over in two turns. Second time he played smarter but it was still to much to fast.

Scum Didn’t play it, but with your big dogs deploying faster than their scrubs...

Ties Played once,Annoying but you spread faster on land with sabers than they do in space and you also have IHSA.   

Huntdown Play six times against three people. One dueled, one didn’t, and one dueled and podraced. All died. Huntdown wasn’t design to burst second turn. Sebulba never even finished the race.

BHBM Twice, the first time they left emp. in the DB... stupid man. Same as Court. Second game was long like Ties as they dodged me and made me drain like mad.

Dark Deal Didn’t play it.

Carbon Chamber Once, they didn’t deploy first turn... friend warned them. I loaded up on his two site and drained like mad... eventual he fought and of course died. 

Ralltir Twice, Ounee Ta and Don’t Do That Again killed them both times.

Jeff’s Weird Deck He lost, I’m not even sure what the goal of his deck was.

Numbers Yeah dildo played numbers on me. It hurt like hell too. But I killed him... I killed him good. Smallest victory though.  


'