---
layout: post
author: ! Steve "BlackViper" Marshall
title: ! "More Annoying Than Flies (EBO)"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-16
description: ! 'X-Wing swarm that can be patient and still win big.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'STARTING (4)
Hoth 1st Marker
Hoth 4th Marker
The Signal
A New Secret Base

CHARACTERS (10)
Boushh
Colonel Cracken
Figrin D’an
Lieutenant Blount
Luke, Jedi Knight
EPP Luke
EPP Obi x 2
TK-422
Yoda

EFFECTS (10)
Do, Or Do Not
Echo Base Operations
Incom Corporation
Menace Fades
Projection Of A Skywalker x 2
Rebel Fleet
What’re You Tryin’ To Push On Us?
Wise Advice
Yarna

INT (11)
All Wings
Houjix x 2
Organized Attack x 4
Out Of Commission x 2
The Signal x 2

LOC (9)
Dag Yoda’s Hut
Hoth Echo War Room
Hoth Echo Corridor
Hoth Echo DB
Dagobah
Hoth
Kashyyyk
Kiffex
Yavin 4

BIG BLUE (15)
Home One
Lando In Falcon
Spiral
Tantive IV
X-Wing x 11 (one of them WB)

WEAPON (1)
X-Wing Laser Cannon '

Strategy: '

Keep in mind, this deck is purely pre-r2. With that said, here goes.

I can already hear you wondering what Dagobah stuff is doing here.
Pull the system and the Hutt, that’s lots of extra activation. In playtesting, this deck wasn’t activating enough. In fact, it was consistantly 2 or 3 Force short of doing whatever I wanted. This is my solution. Yoda isn’t that hard to get out of the deck, and he can usually be the difference between losing only 1 xwing or losing 2 instead. It’s worth the card slots.

My other choice of systems were simple
* Hoth so my xwing can deploy to the DB, complete EBO, and take off.
* Kashyyyk because they need 6 ability, and it’s a nice place to start building the fleet safely.
* Kiffex because it seems to be the highest drain system I could pull from the deck.
* Yavin 4 doesn’t count for Imp Decree, so if they’re trying to take ground and 2 systems, let them have this one and laugh at them.

The WB xwing is piloted by me. Steve. BlackViper. That’s right. Watch out world ;-)

I play Jedi Luke for the destiny 6, immunity to attrition, and give him up for BHBM. Otherwise, he can sit at the 4th Marker and satisfy Menace Fades with EPP Obi.

Figrin, Blount, and Cracken are generally your best bets for filling up the 2 interior Echo sites, although I’ve done it with Luke, Obi, and even Boushh. Don’t be afraid to compromise a little.

If you have a Houjix in your hand, play around a little. Leave a lone xwing at Kiffex and build the fleet elsewhere. More often than you think, your opponent will be fearfully curious and leave it alone. If you have 2 copies of Houjix in your hand, burn 1 of them and fear Monnok. Yarna doesn’t protect your red cards.

Be patient. With a max drain of 14 at your locations alone (not counting whatever your opponent might give you), you can afford to start on the lower end of the stick and come back to win. With Figrin and All Wings between heavy drains, you won’t be in as much trouble as you think.

Menace Fades is a killer against most decks. I can’t stress this enough. It kills Dark Deal, saber bonuses, Rumors, Walker Garrison, cheesy Tatooine site bonuses, and the list goes on. This single card has won at least half of my games for me.

Don’t be afraid to use the Lost portion of Organized Attack. You play 4 copies just so you can do that. Yarna protects xwings, but not org attack. Figrin will probably get it back anyway.

I tried using Heading For The Medical Frigate in an early version of this deck. It obviously wouldn’t work anymore with the effects I decided on, but I had trouble finding ANSB on the worst possible games, even when playing 5 copies of The Signal. I will never start 3 with EBO again, and you need to take this possibility into account if you try to alter this deck.

Lando In Falcon doesn’t get a destiny on his own, but he is a power 9 ship. Add the Spiral as a react and you’ve got power 14 and a draw, 16 at Kiffex. I don’t use Captain Han because this is good enough, and it gives me a cheap Undercover spy.

Since I only start ANSB, the Wise Advice/Do Or Do Not combo doesn’t really work well in the deck. I hate the destiny of 1 floating around.

Well, there’s the deck and a couple examples of how to use it effectively. I hope you do well with it. As always, I’d be interested in hearing how you do with this deck. Feel free to d-mail me with any results or suggestions you may have. Thanks for reading '