---
layout: post
author: Mike "YaggleGakkle" Camp
title: 'Non-flipping Agents'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-08-04
description: 'Palace Raiders wreck even outside WYS.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective
Agents in the Court/ Barely Ever See This Side

Characters (17)
Qui-Gon x2
EPP Luke
Lando w/AX x2
Owen&Beru x2
Jar Jar Binks
Harc Seff
Tessek
Naked 3PO
Palace Raider x6

Vehicles (6)
Patrol Craft x6

Weapon (1)
Qui-Gon’s

Interrupts (17)
Harvest x4
OOC/TT x2
Nar Shadaa Chimes x2
Ke Chu Ke Kukuta? x2
Changing the odds x2
You Will Take Me To Jabba Now x2
Signal x2
Heading FTMF

Effects (12)
Yarna
Your Insight SYW
The Camp
Uh-Oh
Ounee Ta
Dont Do That Again
Underworld Contacts
Seeking An Audience
Bargaining Table
A Gift
I Hope She’s Alright
Do Or Do Not/ WA

Locations (6)
Hutt Trade Route
Jabba’s Palace
Audience Chamber
Antechamber
Lars Moisture Farm x2





Strategy: 

This deck is meant to dominate Tatooine and drain, but it can go other places if you need to.  Every game, start the Hutt Trade Route and Audience Chamber.  Reveal Jar Jar, Tessek, or Harc Seff as your Rep.  Start Yarna if you suspect Monnok.  Otherwise, leave a 6 in your deck.  Use the 2 Signals to get Seeking An Audience, which will get 3Po, who gives you a new card each turn.  The game will unfold from there.  His Name Is Anakin does nothing.  If the opponent wants to waste a slot with that and make the raiders deploy +2, let them.  I generate more than enough anyway.

Card Choices

Jar Jar
Kill Jerjerrod in a Build D*2 deck, kill Ephant Mon in a Court or MKOS deck, cancel Visage in a Huntdown deck, bomb that pesky Guri.  Very useful.

Harc Seff
If the opponent manages to hold a Tatooine site and is draining for lots, just save some force and make the drain zero.

Ke Chu Ke Kukata?
When the opponent sends Vader & such to kill Tessek, send him back to their hand.

You Will Take Me to Jabba Now
One Tessek is enough, especially when you can pull him.  Destiny 5.

A Gift
Messes up Court, MKOS, any deck with Mara, Aurra, etc.

Changing the Odds
Turn a 1 into a 0, cancelling attrition against you, put Imperial Commands, Force Lightnings, dueling cards out of play.

Matchups

Huntdown DBays
Start Uh-Oh, DDTA, and YISYW if you suspect odds, Camp if you dont.  Jar Jar & TT cancel Visage.  Qui-Gon is hard to duel, since he redraws stuff.  If you can hold a couple sites and drain for lots, or OOC Vader, you win.

Huntdown Racing
Harvest back the losses of the race.  Add in Anakin’s if this is popular in your area.  Otherwise, same as above.

ISB
Start DDTA and whatever else seems appropriate.  Take the fight to their DBays.  Most space decks are weak on ground, so use that to your advantage and eliminate their ground forces.  They may be draining for more, but you’re Harvesting.

Court
Start The Camp.  Use everything you’ve got to take the chamber & hold it. Try to OOC Gailid or Jabba or strong bounty hunters.  If you can get the chamber, you win.  Qui-Gon helps enormously.

MKOS (flip)
If you play against this, be happy, since you win.  You can flip your objective, since no MKOS decks play non-Tatooine locations.  The Camp kills, Qui-Gon kills.  A Gift kills.  Jar-jar bombs the Rep.  Win.

RalOps
Start Ounee Ta.  With it out, each Raider/Craft combo costs 1 to deploy to Ralltir.  Get those and Qui-Gon to Ralltir, and they will never flip.  Lars Harvest back the little damage you would take.

BHBM
Start Ounee Ta and DDTA, YISYW if you suspect Odds, or DODN/WA if you suspect SAC.  The only reason a Luke is in here.  Try to get Vader or Emp OOC, and game over.  Drain on Tatooine while Palace Raiders and Lando rack up attrition.

TIES
This matchup is up in the air (no pun intended).  You retrieve, they retrieve, you drain, they drain, it all depends on who gets set up faster.  With Tessek, a Palace Raider at each site, and Qui-Gon and saber out, you drain for 11.  I Hope She’s Alright adds another 1 every turn.  Good chance of winning.

Garrison
Ice Storm doesnt affect Crafts, so take those to Hoth and battle.  Pretty hard matchup.  Use attrition to take out walkers.  

Pile (Combat Readiness for Maul’s place and Jabba’s Palace, etc.)
Start Uh-Oh and OOC left and right.  Not hard to beat.

Capture the Queen
Throw everything you’ve got at Maul and OOC.  Similar to above.  Drain in the Palace.

Build DS2
Drain for 10 or so on Tatooine, and set up I Hope She’s Alright.  Harvest back losses.  If Qui-Gon follows Jar-jar into Jerjerrod’s pad on turn 2, that’s game.

Dark Deal
Invade Cloud City early game and keep the opponent off of it.  Fight for the Bespin system.  You retrieve, they don’t.  Shouldn’t be too hard.

Thanks for reading and reviewing the deck.



