---
layout: post
author: ! brad "swccguy" eier
title: ! "OH states 3rd place dark deck"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-24
description: ! "i wasnt gonna post my states deck cause it aint nothing new but everyone else did so why not"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'objective (1)
My kind of scum

sites (5)
tat desert heart
tat jabbas palace
jabbas palace ac
jabbas palace lower passages
jabbas sail barge passenger deck

big blue (5)
jabbas sail barge
stinger
jabbas space cruiser
zuckuss in mist hunter
bossk in hounds tooth

guys (24)
myo x 3 (rep)
abyssin x 2
guri x 2
gailid x 2
ig88 w/riot gun x 2
4lom w/concussion rifle x 2
mighty jabba
ephant mon
boelo
bib fortuna
prince xizor
boba fett w/blaster rifle
dengar w/blaster carbine
dr.e/pondo baba
chall bekan
mercenary pilot
mosep

bubos (1)
bubo

interrupts (9)
twilek advisor x 3
none shall pass x 3
prepared defenses
ghhhk combo
abyssin ornament combo

effects (15)
scum x 2
grabber x 2
blast door controls
power of the hutt
resistance
hutt influence
secret plans
first strike
no bargain
search and destroy
bad feeling have i
sunsdown and too cold for speeders
there is no try combo '

Strategy: '

update** oh yeah i guess i should mention that i made this deck the night before states so thats why theres some stupid stuff in here**

well i’ll admit it may not be the greatest deck out there, but everyone was prepared for isb and weired stuff at states and this deck benifitted from that. it went 3-0 with wins of 14, 18 and 19.  i know tatooine will change this deck a little, but for the next month this is still a really solid deck. lmk if u think i can make it better

history
well i was talking with brad chester a month or so before states about what poeple would be playing there.  he is thinking a bunch of wys decks and so was i (there were a bunch of them there).  i had wanted to do scum but never really tested it vs wys.  so the night before states i just started throwing in a bunch of anti wys stuff (sunsdown combo, extra guri, extra twilek for faster effects, another grabber, bubo, extra ship, ect) and so i was ready for wys...but i didn’t get to play any, darn. 

 strategery
setup good drains on tatooine with gailid and mosep backed by random cards.  do search and destroy if they have space.  you have enough characters that you can setup drains at tatooine and still go after them and retrieve with scum.

some notes- 
remember that myo is the man and he should never hit the lost pile.

a bunch of twileks to get out needed effects fast. 

remember you can grab jabbas ship from reserve with power of the hutt

vs profit start jabba and chall, use chall to grab an abyssin so u flip fast.

the 1 card i wanna change is stinger (good ship but you can just use guri on the space cruiser or somewthing as a passenger) for lat damage (still the king of space beats...and with 3x twilek u get it out fast)



matchups
WYS. the most popular deck for ls right now.  it is a good matchup.  the multiple guri’s help on ground or in space.  stay inside and drain untill you find the too cold for speeders combo.  i know it hurts the sailbarge, but i’ll sacrifice the barge to make all 8 or their patrol crafts useless. battle them when you have enough guys to survive gimmicks (clash, fallen portal, ect).  grab retrevial (harvest ,on the edge, ect).  once you have a few ships you can try to take space. i’d recommend using guri then just a whole bunch of guys for forfiet and to add destinies (which are all +2 when you flip).  good game but u can win it.

EBO or HBX well vs ebo resistance will help out, so will myo cancelling their drains.  i think you win this cause you start off faster.  HBX has a better shot since instead of like 3 drains of 3 they have like 8 drains of anywhere from 1-3.  not an easy game but once again speed is your ally, and use scum to help you get back force.

Mains grab retrevial.  don’t spread too thin.  setup on tat and use none shall pass to prevent beatdown.  depending on what type of mains it is, it can be a tough game, but just do your thing and you can win.  

Other stuff just do your thing.  drain+damage+battle+retrieve=win. 

let me know what ya think
brad eier   '