---
layout: post
author: Brandon "Jedi Genius" Schele
title: 'Senate Beats By Jedi Genius'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-10-30
description: 'Undefeated. Causes overflow in virtually EVERY battle. Can beat just about everything out there.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting(7)
My Lord, Is That Legal?/I Will Make It Legal
Coruscant: Galactic Senate
Tatooine: Desert Landing Site
Prepared Defenses
There Is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement
Imperial Arrest Order & Secret Plans
You Cannot Hide Forever & Mobilization Points

Locations(3)
Carida
Blockade Flagship: Bridge
Tatooine: Cantina

Senators(11)
Lott Dod x2
Toonbuck Toora x2
Orn Free Taa x2
Aks Moe
Yeb Yeb Ademthorn
Tikkes
Edcel Bar Gane
Passel Argente

Characters(9)
Darth Maul With Lightsaber 
Darth Maul, Young Apprentice
Darth Maul
Darth Vader With Lightsaber x3
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Boba
P-59
IG-88 With Riot Gun

Weapons(1)
Maul&#8217;s Lightsaber

Starships(3)
Boba Fett In Slave I
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Effects(9)
Accepting Trade Federation Control
Our Blockade Is Perfectly Legal
Motion Supported
This Is Outrageous!
Lateral Damage
Security Precautions
Therell Be Hell To Pay x3

Interrupts(17)
Squabbling Delegates x3
The Point Is Conceded x2
No Civility, Only Politics x2
We Must Accelerate Our Plans x2
I Have You Now x2
Ghhhk & Those Rebels Wont Escape Us
Evader & Monnok
Maul Strikes
You Are Beaten
Sniper & Dark Strike
Always Thinking With Your Stomach 

Strategy: 

First of all, Id like to point out that this is PRE Reflections 3(as in before its release). Also, yes I do own a Maul With Saber foil. If you dont have one, you could switch it for a Tatooine Maul. You could also try and fit in a second saber then.

Anyways, this deck is a BEAST. It causes overflow in just about every battle. When it drains, it drains for a TON. It hasnt lost yet when Ive played with it (something like 10-0 or something).

Well here is what you do (usually)
Before you activate, get Carida. Activate, and try and flip with Lott Dod. If you dont have Lott Dod, still flip just to get your political effects out. Lott Dod is the KEY to this deck. He sets up EVERYTHING in the deck. He pulls your guys, sites, and everything else.  There are 5 ways to get him out, either get Lott Dod in your hand, or one of 3 squabblings. Try and get the Bridge out first turn too.

From there, the deck plays itself. If your opponent deploys characters to the ground, use Maul or Vader with either support or interrupts and cause overflow. Dont forget to use your +3/-3 Political Effects (6 more swing in your favor). Here is an example of what COULD happen. Say WYS has EPP Luke and EPP Han in the Cantina. Drop down EPP Vader with like P-59 or something. Battle. First play I Have You Now, let them swing. Then play You Are Beaten to exclude Luke. Swing at Han. Hit Han with P-59 (so they lose 2). Draw your 3 destiny to their none - average of about 4 when flipped so that is 12. Add 3 to destiny - so that&#8217;s 6+4+12+3 = 25 to their 4. They lose Han and 21 more. Beatdowns like this occur ALL GAME due to Lott Dod. In space, use Lateral Damage and Zuckuss with your other ships to create beatdowns. If they DO happen to get a destiny somewhere, subtract 3 from it.

If your opponent decides not to go to the ground, set up at the Cantina and add 2 to the drain every turn with the Political Effect.

The 3 Grabbers is HUGE. It hurts many decks, including WYS. Also, Ghhhk combo cancels stupid stuff like Dodge and Hyper Escape, so you can cancel then grab the cards.

You should all know what the senators do, Toonbuck adds to attrition, Tikkes to activation, Orn Free allows you to take destinies into hand, etc.


Anyways, some matchups:

Watch Your Step
This deck has NOT lost to any version of WYS yet. Just try and cause as much overflow as possible in consecutive battles and grab their key interrupts. If they try and deploy early stuff like EPP Luke or Dash in Outrider, beat them up for overflow. It shouldnt be too tough to win this game (just trust me on this one).

Hidden Base
Set up at the Cantina with Maul. Either wait for an opening for a beat down in space or get out Security Precautions and probe as soon as you can. You SHOULD win this matchup.

Any other ground decks
BEATS. Cause OVERFLOW. They wont know what to do. Just continuously come at them with Maul/Vader and use your interrupts and Political Effects.

Against other Space decks
Set up in the Cantina, and look for openings. THERE ARE ALWAYS OPENINGS. Dont forget to cancel there biggest drain.


Final thoughts
All of the Political Effects are HUGE. Their texts are just too useful, so dont forget to use them.
Cause OVERFLOW. Its amazingly simple with this deck.
PLAY SMART - always a good idea.
Dont forget your Senators texts. ALL OF THEM have texts, and most are useful.


If you have ANY questions at all, please contact me before rating. REMEMBER THIS IS PRE REFECTIONS 3!!! Anyways, here is how to contact me

DMAIL - Jedi Genius
AIM - Boygenius9983
MSN - BSchele@hotmail.com
EMAIL - Boygenius9983@aol.com or BSchele@hotmail.com



Brandon Schele
