---
layout: post
author: ! Nick "JediBrain" Stefanko
title: ! "Why Ewoks Care About Hansicles v3.1"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-19
description: ! 'Ewoks draining away on Endor, with a solid base of mains running everywhere else where need be to quell DS resistance.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'LOCATIONS - 6
Endor Back Door
Endor Dense Forest
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Endor Rebel Landing Site (Forest)
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace

CHARACTERS - 28
Chewbacca, Protector
Daughter Of Skywalker
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Master Luke
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber (x2)
Owen Lars & Beru Lars
Ewok Spearman (x9)
Graak
Han
Ithorian (x3)
Kazak
Lando With Vibro-Ax (x2)
Tawss Khaa
Tessek
Wicket
Artoo & Threepio

WEAPON - 1
Anakin’s Lightsaber

OBJECTIVE - 1
You Can Either Profit By This/Or Be Destroyed

EFFECTS - 9
A Gift
Beggar
Bo Shuda
Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice
Insurrection
Order To Engage
Ounee Ta
Uh-oh
Underworld Contacts

INTERRUPTS - 15
Endor Celebration
Fallen Portal (x2)
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Lost In The Wilderness
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes (x3)
Out Of Commission (x2)
Smoke Screen
Sound The Attack (x2)
The Signal (x2) '

Strategy: '

Starting stuff
You Can Either Profit By This/OBD, Tatooine Jabba’s Palace, Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber, Heading For The Medical Frigate for Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice, Insurrection, and Uh-oh

Object of deck
1st turn, pull Bo Shuda and Endor Landing Platform.  Deploy an Ithorian and 2 Ewoks at each site you can; at others, a few Ewoks.  Use Sound The Attack and Fallen Portal to aid in your defense.  With the Ithorians, Kazak, and Tessek out, you’ll be able to drain for at least 4 at every Endor site.
Underworld Contacts helps v. Scum decks; your AC won’t stay converted by that CC Engineer for long  Ounee Ta also provides for a snap retrieval of a key card, and makes None Shall Pass hurt a little less.
Anakin’s Lightsaber is great for use in defending Endor and enhancing drains with DOS, or giving to Jedi Luke for some off-Endor battling.  Master Luke is in for thwarting MKOS and Scum decks by bouncing key aliens in battle, while Jedi Luke is usable for more general battling and for throwing to BHBM.  Artoo & Threepio are perfect for A Gift-ing, and can make annoying droids go away.
Bo Shuda and Order To Engage should keep the Audience Chamber clear (unless opponent wants to lose 3 per turn), and should lend a hand in being able to free Han at your leisure.
Beggar is nice for when your opponent is saving big or just to get around some untimely Barriers or whatnot.
With all your modifiers and ability to pound any DS forces coming to the Forest Moon, you should be able to win the drain race.
My style of play tends to include heavy drawing, and at the pace I deploy and set up, no fear of Monnok is there.  This justifies my inclusion of only 1 Kazak, Graak, and Tessek.  In play, at least one of them always shows up.  Having multiples simply forms a dependency, which is unnecessary.
I have considered switching out one Out Of Commission for an Out Of Commission & Transmission Terminated, but I don’t fear Hunt Down, can send Lando up to cancel Visage, and don’t want to pay for it.

Any questions, D-mail me.  Thanks for your constructive criticism. '