---
layout: post
author: ! Alex "aljex" Helmke
title: ! "throne room done right aka i wish i was huntawarya"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-19
description: ! 'throne room mains'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'starters(4)
Y4massassi throne room
heading for redemption
staging areas
insurrection
3rd effect varies upon opponent

characters(20)
epp han x2
epp leia x2
epp obi x3
ls,jk x3(x2 foil, suck it trebek)
major hassh’n
KFC
tawss khaa
corran horn
chewbacca protector
admiral ackbar
melas
first officer thaneespi
lt. blount
wedge antilles

starships(2)
home 2
lando in falcon

interupts(15)
alter x2
sense x3
weapon levitation x2
tunnel vision x2
out of commission & TT x2
fallen portal x2
blowing glance
weooww-bzzzt-bzt-weoww-bzzzt(clash)
sorry about the mess
skywalkers
son of a bith shuffle/desperate reach
courage of a skywalker

effects(5)
ounee ta(agaisnt rops,court,MKOS)
YISYW(possible starter)
wise advice(other possible starter)
goo nee tay x2

green(2)
lukes lightsaber
anakins lightsaber

locations(7)
rendezvous point
yoda’s hutt
home 2war room
home 2docking bay
Y4massassi headquarters
Hdocking bay
Hwar room




'

Strategy: '

CARD FOR CARD
throne roomwell i didnt really need this card, but i was foil and i like shiny things

staging areasfor the extra activation

insurrectionpull your bays and gives the not so scrubs a forfeit bonus

epp hanbeacuase he’s a smuggler, gambler, and risk taker.  "everythings going to be fine, trust me"

epp leiacause she’s destiny one

epp obibecause i love old wrinkly men

ls,jkbecause i have 2 lsjk foils, eat it

haash’ndeploys free on home 2 and cancels lat. damage

KFCbecause she doesnt shave her legs, i think its a turn on

tawss khaaretreiving is good, right?

corran horncause he wrote the x-wing series

chewbacca protectorcause he can cancel a opponents characters game text

admiral ackbarFISHY FISHY FISHY

melascause he smokes Essoomian gruu pipe to heighten awareness and many other things

thaneespiFISHY FISHY FISHY’S SISTER

lt. blountcause he is a spi and kills isb

wedge antillescause he’s hotter than red squad leader

lando in flaconCAUSE ITS GOOD

home 2FISHY FISHY FISHY’S SHIP

altercause i still love wrinkly old men

senseguess

out of commision/TT cause you have failed me for the last time

weapon levitationbecause jedi’s can lift many things with the force........

tunnel visionbecause han wishes he could look down leias blouse

fallen portalcause it can kill them

glancing blowouch, that really hurt

clashweooww-bzzzzt-bzt-bzzzzt-weoww-bzzt-weoww-weow-bzt-bzt-bzt-weow-bzzzzzt

sorry about the messsorry about the deck

skywalkersbecause britney spears is hot

bith shuffle/desperate desperate reachto cancel imperial barrier and to stop tracking

courage of a whiny skywalker to add a dest in a duel

wise advicetraining destiny +1 of course

YISYWodds killer

ounee tahahohahoha

goo nee taycause nah nah nah ohhh louwa goo nee tay

STRATEGY
With this deck, I try to win. Oh you want my strategy, ok then. Well 1st turn, i deploy one of my DBAYS, and sites in my hand if i have any. If i have KFC, id deploy he because shes deploy 0. or id deploy some scrub like wedge or blount for the extra force next turn. By the middle of the game you should have enough force to deploy your mains, if you havent built a force yet. You should do pretty well against good decks. All the interrupts and effects should help oyu to win the game.

MATCHUPS
hunt Down- Ill just start wise advice, because ill probley expect to jedi test. Ill stick to my regular strategy, and get all my DBAYS out with scrubs to get my activation up, ill go to their sites to flip them back, ha. Visage will be no problem, niether will dueling, with the -3 from dueling from LSJK, and the Courage, and the Glance will help. You should win, unless perhaps you are playing a guy named Brian hunter.

BHBM-
Deploy your Dbays, and give them luke to flip them to lose force. The luke should hold off the duels, because he subtracts three. WIN BATTLES, so you dont lose, thats just a helpful reminder. If you play right, you should win, with youre mains, and all your destiny adders.

ISB-
Lets see- just get blount and some mains to courescent- so they cany flip but they might beat you down there- but hold youre own there and youll eventually win.

Court-
This could be a challenge- deploy to your DBAYS, to get your activation up- then deploy mains. But watch out for None Shall pass, you could start Ounee Taa to slow it down. Just try to beat down. and youll win.

MKOS-
Hmm- same as court its all the same right?

ROPS- Ill start Ounee Ta, because im afraid of that stupid None Shall Pass. Well deploy to Rallitiir, so they cant flip and its not that hard, because you have so many mains, its not funny.

SYCFA ties-
i dont really seen this around this area, so i have no idea how to play it.

-end of matchups-

Props
To britney spears for having nice breastesses
Spirajira- for being so kind to write 7/10ths of this deck
All your reviews because this deck is the funniest one youve seen right? RIGHT?





'