---
layout: post
author: ! Dan "Static-X" Grover
title: ! "Here Come the Bastards- SYC TIEs, post RII"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-10
description: ! 'This is a RII updating of the old standby TIE fighter deck that annoys the crap out of everyone. Named for a great song by Primus.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'OBJECTIVE (1)
SYCFA/Something no one ever reads

LOCATIONS (11)
Death Star {S}
DS Dorking Bay {S}
Alderaan {S}
Kiffex
Kashyyyk
Sullust
Endor
Wakeelmui
2x Asteroids

CHARACTERS (5)
2x The Emperor
2x Lord Vader
Commander Merrejk

STARSHIPS (20)
6x TIE Vanguard
10x TIE Interceptor
The Emperor’s Shield
The Emperor’s Sword
2x Dreadnaught

EFFECTS (10)
Mobilization Points {S}
There Is No Try/Oppressive Enforcement {S}
Battle Order {S}
Sienar Fleet Systems x2
Imperial Decree
Docking and Repair Facilities
Dreaded Imperial Starfleet
Well Guarded
Lateral Damage

INTERRUPTS (13)
Prepared Defenses {S}
2x Twi’Lek Advisor
5x All Power To Weapons
2x You Overestimate Their Chances
3x Control/Set For Stun '

Strategy: '

Okay, most of you know how to play. It’s like they say, a monkey can play a TIE deck and win. This deck hasn’t changed much with RII. So I’ll only address a few specifics.

Why the RII Emperor and not Palpy?
Both are immune to attrition, but the RII Emperor has a destiny of 1, therefore fulfilling I Hope She’s All Right.

Why Vanguards?
With the force this deck activates, you’ll be able to save plenty. Your opponent will look at the pile of force you have, and will hesitate to attack your Vanguards. If he does, react and smack him down.

Why You Overestimate Their Chances?
As they say, this card is "tech." Play this after your opponent attacks your Vanguard, and before you deploy the six Interceptors in your hand. Shake their hand and say "Good game." This card triples battle damage for the eventual loser, and it can be a game-breaker.

Why Control?
Because I hate Sense, and I hate Alter. This way, I have a way of stopping them, plus it can also stop big drains. It’s lost, but this deck has no problem with retrieval.

I think that’s about it. Here’s some deck matchups, like you need them.

TIGIH
Whatever you do, DON’T deploy Vader. To satisfy Battle Order, deploy a TIE to the DS DB. No battle damage= fun way to cycle your TIEs. Of course, cards will probably start piling up on that one effect. Just out-drain, out-retrieve, outlast, etc.

PROFIT
Really, you just need to outdrain them. Putting a TIE at the DB will work nicely, especially if they decide to come bother you there. You can always attack (if they have OTE), because you still don’t take battle damage. And of course, you can you APTW to make it immune to attrition.

HIDDEN MAINS
Well, their ground beatdowns are gone. It’ll be up to Home One and the Super Falcon. Lateral Damage and beat down. Outdrain them, and out-retrieve them. They should wear down.

BHBM
What kind of game are you playing?

AGENTS
Get Decree and Battle Order going for you asap. You should be able to outdrain them.

Well, any suggestions are appreciated. Take care, and don’t whiz on the electric fence. '