---
layout: post
author: ! Mark "MASSACRE" Carila
title: ! 'QMC MASSACRE style'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-06-29
description: ! 'win'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'read the stratagy before rating please

Starting(7)
QMC/IO
Bespin
CC Guest Quarters
HFTMF
DODN&WA
KTEOF
YISYW

Locations(3)
CC Carbonite Chamber
CC Core Tunnel
CC West Gallery

Characters(25)
Admiral Ackbar
Chewbacca
CC Trooper x6
Ghoel
KFC
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Lietenant Greeve
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Major Haash’n
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Pucumir Thryss
Sergeant Brooks Carlson
Sergeant Bruckman
Sergeant Edian
Sergeant Hollis
Qui-Gon Jinn
Rebel Trooper Recruit
Trooper Utris M’Toc
Yoxgit

Effects(5)
Advantage
CC Celebration
Launching The Assault
Menace Fades
What’re You Tryin’ To Push On Us

Starships(4)
Home One
Z-95 Bespin Defense Fighter x3

Interrupts(16)
Balanced Attack x3
Blast The Door, Kid x4
Effective Repairs
Houjinx
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes
Path Of Least Resistance
POLR&R
Rebel Ambush x4 '

Strategy: '

this deck lures in the opponent,cancels their battle and lets you beat them down the next turn. it has many precautions like path and houjinx but the main engine of stopping battles is blast the door kid.
Stratagy guide to playing this deck.
first turn look for a location. if launching the assault and home one are in there, lose insight and get and deploy LTA and grab home one. get the west gallery. if your opponent gave you one or two force you should be able to deploy home one and a location second turn(and ackbar and haash’n if you’re lucky. if not next turn). (if you don’t have ackbar or a balanced attack, when you search for the first location count how many are in there. if they are not all in there draw till you get one) turn three drop a couple of free characters or cheep ones and use KTEOF to grab a blast the door kid if you need it.(if you have one already, grab houjinx or path. just make sure you don’t have two of them or you’re monnok fodder) now deploy the the rest of your sites and wait for them to come to you. when they do(and they will) stop the battle and the next turn drop everybody and chunk them. when you are set up comfortably i suggest either fortifying space (with your deploy-1 power-5 beasts the z-95s) or getting celebration or fades(depends on what’s going on. retrieve. drain for a ton. get everything you need with KTEOF. if you make a mistake or they get by your defenses, make sure you KTEOF for a houjinx.

some of the characters in this deck may seem odd choices. i will go over the weird ones.
Kal’Falnl C’ndros deploys free, forfeit 5, pilot that adds 2 to power of a ship, landspeed 3, makes opponents destiny draw a zero.
Ghoel deploys for 2, forfeit 4, makes it so your opponent doesn’t get destiny if they aren’t careful enough.(i know he can’t move. if this is a problem then sac him in a battle then move everyone else away)
L Greeve deploy 2, forfeit 4, 3 power. wussup. i know he doesn’t get +1 power to reb ambush.
S Bruckman deploy 1, forfeit 3. cool. i know he doesn’t get +1 power to reb ambush.
S Brooks Carlson deploy 2, forfiet 3, 3 power and 2 landspeed. i know he doesn’t get +1 power to reb ambush.
S Edian deploys free if lando is at a related location. power 4 on cc. adds one to my battle destiny for each other CC trooper in battle(including utris M’Toc)
S Hollis trooper that searches and grabs rebel ambush.
Rebel Trooper Recruit deploys for one and sacs for all my attrition.
Trooper Utris M’Toc deploys free to same site as lando. when defending a battle, power 4.adds 2 to the forfeit of other cc troopers present(including edian)
Yoxgit deploys for free and has 3 power. YEAH

this deck fears other troopers and concentrated big blue, but has a good chance at beating them,(i beat a big blue deck last tourny, and that was before i put in the z-95s. my deck went 2-0) i hope you all liked this deck. constructive criticim only please have a nice day
Mark "MASSACRE" Carila
'