---
layout: post
author: Ryan "nameless" Bank
title: 'Ninja-MWYHL'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-27
description: ! 'A heavy-retrieval MWYHL with big Jedi after the flip.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can
Dagobah
Heading for the Medical Frigate
The Way of Things
Wise Advice
Draw Their Fire

Jedi Tests (5)
       A Jedi’s Strength 
       Domain Of Evil 
       Great Warrior 
       It Is The Future You See 
       Size Matters Not 

Starships (7)
     2 Artoo-Detoo In Red 5 
     2 Gold Leader In Gold 1 
       Gold Squadron 1 
     2 Red Leader In Red 1 

Characters (13)
       Chewbacca, Protector 
       Corran Horn 
     2 Daughter Of Skywalker 
       General Calrissian 
     2 Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol 
     2 Luke With Lightsaber 
     2 Obi-Wan With Lightsaber 
       Tawss Khaa 
       Yoda 

Weapons (1)
       X-wing Laser Cannon 

Devices (3)
       Bionic Hand 
       Electrobinoculars 
       Mercenary Armor 

Effects (13)
       Aim High 
       Battle Plan 
       Disarmed 
       2 Frozen Assets 
       Honor Of The Jedi 
       Ounee Ta 
       Reflection 
       Traffic Control 
       Yoda’s Hope 

Interrupts (11)
     2 Fallen Portal 
       Heading For The Medical Frigate 
     3 On The Edge 
     2 Out Of Commission & Transmission Terminated 
       Run Luke, Run 
     2 The Signal 

Unknown Type
       Cloud City Lower Corridor 
       Dagobah Bog Clearing 
       Dagobah Jungle 
       Dagobah Training Area 
       Dagobah Yoda’s Hut  '

Strategy: '

This deck uses a lot of retrieval to outlast the opponent, while providing small but indefensible force losses each turn through Draw Their Fire and EPPs who deploy then get forfeit after killing two or more characters.

Getting a stacked 7 on Test 5 is crucial, so take an extra turn to get it setup. The best way in my experience is to isolate one of the 7’s at the bottom, then activate everything else. That way, if the opponent shuffles your deck, then the 7 is still there.

During the first six to eight turns, not much is gonna happen. They’ll drain you, you’ll lose force and train DOS. Big problems for this are direct damage, namely Court, Search and Destroy and Visage. Hunt Down overall is a horrible thing for this deck, so there are a lot of anti-HD cards included. It’s okay to take early force damage, since you’ll be retrieving 10 force once you flip. NEVER deploy any characters before you flip, even they drop a CHYBC on you (usually). If they do, you’re in a little trouble, and probably have to go without retrieval when you flip. I’ll repeat one of the basic tenets of the deck though. Get a 7 on Test 5, or you won’t win. Take extra time testing if it means you are guaranteed the 7. OTE will get you back all the force you lose if the flip doesn’t. The deck operates on the premise that you can cause a lot of attrition with EPPs, then forfeit them so they don’t get battled back. Mercenary Armor is essential for this, since Imperial Barrier hurts a lot.

TIEs and Big Blue are bad matchups for the deck. ZiMH and Executor (which are in a lot of DS decks) are also bad news. The good news is that with the large amount of time you give them early on, they’ll very likely overdeploy, and will probably be waiting for you to bring the ruckuss somewhere. Test 2 hurts ZiMH a lot, as does X-Wing Laser Cannon. Either use Gold Squadron 1 with 7 ability, or Red Leader with an X-Wing Cannon to take down Zuckuss. For Executor, it’s trickier. If Guri’s on it, it’s impossible to take down. To beat that, you’ll have to just keep retrieving what it drains away, and do your drains on the ground. Otherwise, try to get EPP Han on the Falcon with either Luke or Chewie. 14 attrition later (from two 7 draws), Executor drops dead. To beat TIEs, you need to use the X-Wing Cannon a lot, along with Aim High.

The deck is strongest against aliens. Court, MKOS and Black Sun all use a lot of aliens, and aliens have low forfeit. With a little luck, a lone Luke will retrieve you one force, make them lose one, and kill 4 guys. Even with Secret Plans out, you have enough force to retrieve and deploy at the same time. '