---
layout: post
author: ! Pyry "Blizzard" Nystrom
title: ! 'Power of the Emperor 2.0'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-07
description: ! 'BHBM that is heavy on characters and ships. Use the raw power of the darkside Balanced deck.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(7)
Bring him before me/Take your fathers place
DS2Throne room
Your destiny
insignifigant rebellion
Prepared defences
Mob.Points
Imp.Arr.Order
"Effect of the situation"

Locations(4)
DS2DB
CCDB
EndorDB
Carida

Characters(17)
The Emperor
2xLord Vader
2xVader with saber
2xMara Jade TEH
Prince Xizor
Guri
Kir Kanos
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Grand admiral Thrawn
Dr Evazan & Ponda Baba
U-3PO
Boba Fett with Rifle
IG88 with Riotgun

Starships(7)
Executor
Chimaera
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Zuckuss in MH
Dengar in P1
2xDreadgnought

Vehicles(2)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2

Effects(10)
2xPresence of the force
No escape
Therell be hell to pay
Battle order
Resistance
Secret plans
Emperors power
First strike
Oppressive enforcement

Interrupts(10)
Masterfull move
Monnock
2xSense/Uncertain is the future
Rise my friend
Weapon levitation
Twilek advisor
Shut him up or down
Shocking revelation
The circle is now complete

Weapons(2)
Vaders saber
Maras saber

Admirals orders(1)
Battle deployment '

Strategy: '

So as you see this deck has changed quite a lot since i last posted it. But(probably) you might
have not never seen this deck before. So i will skip the changes and focuse on the deck itself.

The strategy is to beat opponent both in space and ground. The deck should be quite(but not too) heavy on characters and ships so it is balanced. Remember POWER is the key And this deck has it(with not too poor destiny).
Win three(four if Luke is a jedi) battles=win game.

You can also inflict considerable drains. You have two "presence of the force". One is good to play to
the "throne room" in mid or end game(you need to loose "Emperors power" to drain). Other with your own planning.

Conquering space will bring the victory for you in many games. So here is some advice.
Dont play too many ships on your low parsec system as something like Kessel might pop up
If Falcon is your nightmare, play GURI to space(Executor will really do the job).
If X-wings are coming, keep your boats in tight groups. Battle deployment with Thrawn is iron here.

Ground war shouldnt be a problem with the number of mains. Drop one presence to Carida if opponent is too heavy on ground. Battle order is steel

Alright then here comes the matchups

MWYHL Drain heavily and battle. When they are about to do JT5, screw thier tracking with
uncertain is the future

EBO Fight in space, rule the ground and drain. Walkers can storm Hoth if necessary. Resistance will help.

WYS Take space, use Guri there if necessary. Grap their key interrupt. Conguer ground, Thrawn and Battle deployment will do wonders in your conguest for Tatooine. Play "presences" to your DS2 sites, so your activation(and drains) are secured to high level.

RTP Rule space, fight in ground. Try cancel bacta tank and kill the princess(many times).
if they flip be carefull not lose(out of play) Vader when he goes capture Luke. "Shut him up or shut him down" will be their death.

QMC Take Bespin=win, so A LOT OF FORCE THERE

Mains Battle and drain. Oola is no problem with "Shocking revelation"

Agents in court Start Battle order. Aliens and droids can strike them. Imperials will probably have to move to JP.
Walkers can attack to sandstormed sites.

HP Havent played ever so ??? Your fleet is enough to create a threat or crush them.

Thanks for the reviews Tell me what went wrong(if any). '