---
layout: post
author: Tim "Info Broker" Guzman
title: 'Type II LS that wins from Info Broker'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-09-28
description: ! 'LS Sucks in the EP1 Format if you ask me, but if you want something that wins without Podracing..which I hate Podracing...then go with this.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations(6)
Tatooine Slave Quarters (start)
Coruscant
Malastare
Tatooine
Naboo
CoruscantJedi Council Chamber

Characters(13)
Shmi Skywalker
Threepio Naked
Qui-Gon Jinn x3
Obi-Wan Kenobi x2
Yoda, Council Member
Captain Panaka x2
Senator Palpatine
Supreme Chancellor Valorum
Padme’ Naberrie

Ships(10)
Naboo Defense Fighter x8
Republic Cruiser x2

Weapons(4)
Panaka’s Blaster x2
Qui-Gon Jinn’s Lightsaber x2

Effects and Podracer(4)
A Tragedy Has Occurred(Start)
A Vergence In The Force x2
Anakin’s Podracer

Interrupts(23)
Mindful Of the Future x5 (use one to start)
Too Close For Comfort x2
A Step Backward x4
Sense x5
Altar x2
Speak With The Jedi Council 
We Wish To Board At Once x2
Reveal Ourselves To The Jedi x2

'

Strategy: '

NOTE Hey ThirdAngel...I don’t need your help, thanks anyway.  Who are you anyway?  I could beat you with the pile anytime.


Ok at first glane this might look like a pile of crap, but once again, I must say this thing pulls through for me.

NOW first thing is that, I only own a limited amount of cards...I only OWN what you see in this deck...I can’t add more Qui-Gon, or anything else, because this is what I own...however if I had the cards, I probably wouldn’t add it anyway, because I like it the way it is.

Now for some Strat stuff that you should be able to figure out yourself anyway.  I start the Grabber, because I like to grab stuff like Maul Strikes, or Vote Now, or Squabbling Delegates...or anything podracing..you get the point.  Start off by getting Shmi and Naked Threepio going to set things up, and ofcourse to just speed up your game.  NEVER try to take over the Senate, you will lose anyway...it is a waste of time.  This deck basically just out drains the opponent, and it activates a lot to get around the Senate’s Gametext to put two cards back.

Get all systems out and drain at each one..start as soon as possible. Always keep track of what your opponent is activating, so you know if he has a chance to deploy a battleship or not. Use Ground characters as you see the need, DS always gives you a reason )  Tatooine Maul is a pain, and that is the ONLY reason why I have Characters of Ability 4 and Greater, and it is also the ONLY reason why I play with 2 Panaka’s.  REMEMBER the Phanton Menace only works with a Jedi and many times I have taken out Maul with Panaka and an Ability 4 dood, with the help of Threepio...you should get the point, OH and Maul Strikes is worthless in the scene.

Key cards in the deck are
Sense This is Huge, because DS rocks with cool interrupts...mainly use it against Maul Strikes. But Vote Now, and others senate stuff is cool too.

Reveal Ourselves To The Jedi This card ROCKS..I know it may be underrated, and it is expensive, but it is WAY worth it.  This allows you to see your opponants hand so you know what is coming, and if they are planning a space attack you can see this coming, and prepare for it.  Most of the time I catch them with a few ships ready to come out, but then Of course I choose the Lost verson and all is well.

A Vergence In The Force DS will try to drain for more than two at a lot of location...some you might give them and they take over...This card is your protection against that...it works wonders, and you can use your sense to protect it against Control.

All Podracing Interrupts These cards are in the deck, because if the darkside wants to Podrace it will be a FOR SURE win for you...This deck never lost a Podrace, I always like it when the dark side Podraces, because then it helps LS out )  And I would be a fool to not protect myself against it.

Well everything here is pretty straight Forward, OH wait...Use Altar for the P Effect that reduces your destiny by 3...then the one that cancel’s the drain second.  Have fun, and if you have any question just ask.

Tim Guzman  '