---
layout: post
author: ! Alexandre "Lord Kenobi" Dufresne
title: ! 'My Kind Of Scum with Vader'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-23
description: ! 'This just a regular MKOS deck with the added suprise.'
rating: 1.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7)
My Kind of Scum/ Fearless and Inventive
Desert Heart
Jabba&#8217;s Palace
Prepared Defenses
No Bargain
Oppressive Enforcement/ There is not Try
Power of the Hutt

Locations (5)
Jabbas Palace Audience Chamber
Jabbas Palace Lower Passages
Sail Barge Passenger Deck
Tatooine Desert Heart
Jabbas Palace

Characters (22)
Abyssin x2
Mighty Jabba
Jabba the Hutt
4-lom with gun x2
Ephant Mon
Chall Bekan
Gailid x2
CC Engineer
Merc. Pilot
Myo x2
Iggy w/ gun x2
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba
Bib fortuna
Mara
Fett w/ gun
Darth Vader DLOTS (don`t know how he got in there?)
Dengar w/ gun

Effects (12)
There&#8217;ll Be Hell to Pay x2
CHYBC
First Strike
Resistance
Search and Destroy
Hutt Influence
Scum x2
No Bargain
Power of The Hutt
There is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement

Interrupts (13)
Twilek Advisor
Abyssin Ornament
Ghhhk & Those Rebels Won&#8217;t Escape Us
Masterful Move
Control & Set For Stun
Sniper & Dark Strike
Imp. Barrier x2
Projective Telepathy
Omni Box & It&#8217;s Worse
None Shall Pass x2
Prepared Defenses

Ships/Vehicles (5)
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Dengar in Punishing One
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Jabba&#8217;s Sail Barge

Creature (1)
Bubo

Weapons (1)
Mara&#8217;s Saber

Objectives (1)

My Kind of Scum/ Fearless and Inventive
'

Strategy: '

First turn pull Audience Chamber, pull Jabba, pull Hutt Influence

Second turn pull Lower Passages, Sail Barge, Passenger deck

third turn pull Ephant Mon and either throw him at the passenger deck or the Audience chamber depending on what you think your opponent will do to attack you later in the game.

at this point all of the 0&#8217;s are pulled out of your deck. get gailid out as soon as you can at the audience chamber, and you should be draining for 4 total. next you wait to see what your opponent does and react to it.

vs EBO this can be a hard game at times, as if they are using a suicide mains deck then they will attack you like crazy, just deploying a few characters and beating you up, for this type just bulid up your forces at 1 or 2 sites and then have 1 or 2 big battles and remove most of their characters, which they will loose from attrition and other stuff. Againts a Swarms deck, just spread out and drain them and batlleing them if they come to your sites. Against a swarm deck you can out drain them at the Jabbas Palace and Tatooine sites as they will be slow in setting up their drains. As usual for ground and space, when fighting just bulid up you forces at 1 or 2 locations and then wipe them out in a few short battles.

vs HB secure the Audience Chamber and Jabba&#8217;s Palace along with search and destroy. with Hutt Influence out they can&#8217;t cancel your drains and you should win little trouble.

vs any kind of Mains variation (MWYHL, EBO, HB, can all lead to mains) These games usually come down to a fight over the audience chamber or jabba&#8217;s palace. you just have to sit on your drains of 4 and hold on to your barriers and none shall passes, make sure to not committ your important characters like iggy or 4-lom until after your opponent deployed his characters. Most of the time they&#8217;ll drop some people down and fight you to a stand still at one of the sites, then on your turn you can drop the heavy guys you&#8217;ve been holding back and knock them off that site. If people play a lot of SAC in your area switch out a grabber for a There is No Try.

vs DB madness (any type of deck that plays around DBs and fallen portals) the big weakness for you is that they can play fallen portal at your Jabba&#8217;s Palace, but a big advantage for you is that they can&#8217;t move around very easily on tatooine, usually these decks will play a Tatooine DB, but since the DB has to go on one side of the Desert Heart and JP is on the other, they&#8217;re faced with a tough decision, deploy to the docking bay and not be able to move over to Jabba&#8217;s Palace, or deploy to jabba&#8217;s palace and face the possiblity of having your guy bounced, wasting 7 force. this also relieves you of the possibility of them deploying guys (like JK luke, Gen. Han, COK, etc) cheaply at other docking bays and then transiting over to tatooine, since they can&#8217;t make it to Jabba&#8217;s Palace where most of the action will be at. Play very carefully around the fallen portals, when you start a battle at JP make sure if one high defense value guy or 2 low defense value guys get killed from the start you will still have the advantage.

Vs Agents this decktype doesn&#8217;t really seem that good for use in a tournament so just use your normal setup and use your own straregy.

Against Profit
start Mighty Jabba and chall, pulling the CC engineer into your hand. first turn deploy the CC engineer to JP for 2, convert the site for 2, pull audience chamber and convert theirs, and movethe CC engineer back over to the audience chamber, from then on its an auto win.

For that new (LS) R2II objective I have not played against it so there is now strategy yet.

why only 2 abyssins?
-i only want those abyssins so that i can flip my objective, after that i really don&#8217;t care what happens to them. there&#8217;s quite a few ways to pull them from reserve, Ornament, Chall, or if you draw Jabba in your opening hand, you can pull them with the audience chamber text if it comes down to it, there really is never a problem with flipping the objective and keeping it flipped. I know some people prefer to play abyssin swarm with this objective but i really think this type of deck is better, because with swarm if they manage to fight you out of the audience chamber, and have masta luke there or obi-wan to move Myo away your options are severly limited, where as this deck has so many options of attack besides the just straight up power of abyssin swarm ( i could go for power by deploying a lot of guys, go for attrition by deploying guys that add destinies or go for character elimination by having dr. e and iggy and guys with guns)

Why so few ships?
-against most space decks you can beat them and force them to come to the ground where they will die and suffer alot of damage.

Why so few sites in the deck?
-well, first turn you activate 5 and by turn 3 or 4 you will have activate 12 force and all your locations will be pulled leaving no zero destiny cards in your deck

Also for this deck I have played against some people that STILL use Local Uprising/ Liberation decks, but just when playing for fun. Against these people bulid up your forces when neede and take them out in a few big battles.  '