---
author: Troy "Rycar & Boy" Drinkard
title: Their mains = Jabba’s toys
side: Dark
date: 2001-02-14
description: this deck makes me happy.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective: (1)
Carbon Chamber Testing/My Favorite Decoration*

Locations: (6)
Carbon Chamber*
Security Tower*
Carida
East Platform
Audience Chamber
Docking Bay 94

Starships: (5)
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Dengar in Punishing One
Virago
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Characters: (18)
Jabba’s Prize*
Lando Calrissian
Boelo
Ephant Mon
2 Mighty Jabba
Prince Xizor
Mara Jade
Dengar w/ Blaster Carbine
2 Guri
2 4-Lom w/ Concussion Rifle
Brangus Glee
Snoova
Dr. Evazan/Ponda Boba
2 IG-88 w/ Riot Gun

Interrupts: (11)
Prepared Defenses*
2 Defensive Fire/Hutt Smooch
2 Ghhhk/Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us
2 Imperial Barrier
2 Jabba’s Through w/ You
2 Twi’lek Advisor

Device: (1)
Carbon Chamber Console*

Effects: (16)
Mobilization Points*
Power of the Hutt*
You Cannot Hide Forever*
Battle Order
Insignificant Rebellion
2 Lateral Damage
No Escape
Reactor Terminal
Search and Destroy
Secret Plans
Something Special Planned for Them
2 There’ll be Hell to Pay
2 Scum and Villainy

Weapons: (2)
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
Vibro-Ax


Strategy: 

update in response to three reviews:
 First of all, Gand, you’re a chump. Mara does NOT suspend Scum and Villainy! THIS is why you ASK before reviewing poorly!
 Secondly, Pallaeon is a chump. What I mean by their mains being Jabba’s toys is that you start with your little frozen Han and send him to the Audience Chamber, where he’s just played with. Yes, EPP mains could possibly come in and take the frozen Han, but not with Ephant Mon on the table, and then a droid taking him over. It hasn’t happened yet.
 And lastly, good ol’ Voice of Law telling me that EBO is going to kill me, so he suggests that I put in some more characters and a nice recycleable destiny. Thanks a lot, pal! You really helped me out there. I’ll start with the fact that I’ve already expressed my only mediocre content with Snoova in the first place, meaning that I’m not going to put more in. If I put in any more of a character it would be more 4-Loms or IG-88s. Then I’ll say that spread-and-drain EBO sucks. You take out there little lone starfighter, or either they run away. Big deal, just get them all together force draining for a good 3 or four force and you’re set with force drains and Search and Destroy. Oh, and it tickled me to think that Shocking Revelation might actually help since I can search for it with Secret Plans. Yeah, that would be nice, then I’ll always have a nice 5 destiny that would CRUSH the rebellion.... in my hand. Thank you Voice of Law. Thank you. Now again people, please ask before slapping me with that kind of idiotic disrespect.
Rycar & Boy


*= starting cards

You will always start with the effects given above. The YCHF card allows you to react to what the opponent is playing. That is what this deck is all about-- the ability to take on whatever the opponent has to offer. If they are playing Dagobah, Hoth, or Space, you will use YCHF to search for Search and Destroy. Options beyond that are Something Special Planned for Them or Battle Order to boost your own deck. 
   Every turn you will search for what you can (Carida, Audience Chamber first, Docking Bays second and third), and you will use Power of the Hutt to get Ephant Mon at the Security Tower to prevent spies to come and get the Han. As long as you have the frozen Han they may not deploy Han, preventing Super Falcon and other key things with several LS decks. Without Super Falcon, and with your Lateral Damages and nice BH ships, you are free from harm in space. You will use one of your droids (Guri, 4-Lom, IG-88) to carry Han over to the Audience Chamber and flip your objective.

   Once you have your objective flipped you can retrieve force every turn (which adds up plenty), deploy Scum and Villainy in safety, and boost your aliens beyond belief. After you have your objective flipped, you wait. You can force drain for 4 force a turn, along with retrieval, and Search and Destroy for some decks, and eventually the opponent will leave a soft spot. This is when you strike.

   Space is easy to strike at, and Hidden Base decks are relatively easy to wreck. They don’t have Super Falcon, and you can Lateral Damage any Super Home One or the like. You can take out several X-wings with your BH ship strike team, and probe away. If they are playing EBO you can also take out their X-wings. I only mention X-wings because that will be about all that the opponent can play without the falcon. 

   Against ground decks you should be able to find an attack point rather easily. You can take out even other mains with your IG-88 and 4-Lom, and then they can’t be attacked back because they are droids. You can just capture their Leia, and sit. Snoova and Vibro-Ax is similar, but not quite as effective. Also remember to retrieve 2 force each time you initiate a battle, and to make the opponent lose one force each time they lose (thanks to Insignificant Rebellion). 

  That’s my deck. Please ask questions before giving a bad rating. Thank you in advance for your constructive reviews. 
Rycar and Boy
