---
author: Bastian "Death Star" Winkelhaus
title: 'WYS-Winkelhaus style aka My deck is better than his'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-19
description: 'This deck is better than Martin Falkes deck'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective (1)
Watch your step/This place is rough

Locations (6)
Tatooine
Kessel
Cantina
Tat: DB
Home 1: DB
Spaceport DB

Characters (17)
EPP Luke x3
EPP Han x2
ECC Lando
ECC Chewie
Dash Rendar
Mirax Terrik
Melas
Talon Karrde
Theron Nett
Wedge Antilles
RFC x3
Artoo & Threepio

Starships (5)
Millenium Falcon
Red Squadron 1
Red 10
Outrider
Pulsar Skate

Weapons & Devices (2)
X-wing laser cannon
Landing claw

Interrupts (20)
Heading for the medical frigate
OOC/TT  x2
Tunnel Vision/Control x3
Effective repairs
Sorry about the mess/Blaster proficiency
Were you looking for me?
Artoo, I have a bad feeling
Clash of sabers
Dodge
Don´t get @#$%y
Old Ben
Power pivot
Run,Luke,run!
A few maneuvers
Hyper Escape
I´ve got a bad feeling about this
Rebel Barrier

Effects (9)
Squadron Assignment
Insurrection
Draw their fire
Aim High
Battle Plan
Beggar x2
Ounee Ta
I´ll take the leader - AO



Strategy: 

NEW UPDATE!!! Now that Tatooine is out you have to change the deck of course. Drumroll please.
Remove 1 RFC. Add Yotta Oren or whatever his name is. Done. The deck went 10-0 at Ramapo. Oh yeah. And take out Old Ben for a Menace Fades. Have a good one.


Update : Yesterday it was late when i posted it so I didn´t write everything I wanted to. This is no copy of Martins deck. I built it first. We agreed not to post it. But now that you saw it, I can just as well show you my version. Did I mention that I think my version is better than his? Oh yeah, the Where you looking for me? was Martins idea. Props to him. Martins deck reflects his playing style, take your time, track destinies etc. Mine is more simple but also more reliable and brutal. But... whatever.
Oh yeah, and the title wasn´t meant to bash Martin, it´s more of an inside joke that you can´t understand if you were not at the regional.





Allright, so this is the beatdown version of WYS. Martin Falke had the idea to combine these 2 elements first, but i was the first to build it. And our versions are a bit different.
For a start, my deck has 3 EPP Lukes and 3 Tunnel visions. So its easier to set up the deadly Run Luke Run. This is the killer on the ground. You don´t need no fancy destiny tracking, the raw power is more than enough.
There´s also Aim High which is generaly good against scum and ties and can give you the +5 power.
Dodge and Old Ben are for the quicker setup on ground to satisfy Battle Plan and bait the opponent.

But the basics are the same as in Martins deck, you beat down the opponent in one battle.
For example in the final duel of nationals, Martin had Jabba the Hutt and Jodo Kast in the audience chamber. I controled Tatooine with one ship. I deployed Han in front of them, Luke to the adjacent site, Artoo somewhere else to search for Bad feeling, initiate the battle, triple the damage, run,luke,run, dont get @#$%y, hit jabba, draw 4 destinies, one of them gets canceled, he drew a 3, i had a total of 9, so the power total was 21 to 9. Thats jodo and 32 cards. Game over.
And in space it works all the same. Only you either use Dash or Power Pivot or detach with the landing claw after trippling.
Don´t listen to Martin, you don´t need to track! The raw power is more than enough.

Whatever.    