---
layout: post
author: Wayne "Rebel Scum" Cullen
title: 'MWYHL with Asteroids'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-09
description: ! 'This deck uses MWYHL as a basis for Asteroids'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'STARTING6 
MWYHL 
dagobah 
HFTMF 
wise advice 
strike planning 
squad assignments 

CHARACTERS11 
yoda 
EPP Luke 
boushh 
tk422 
chewbacca (ANH)
leebo 
general calrissian 
wedge antilles RSL 
tycho celchu 
colonal cracken 
general crix madine 

LOCATIONS11 
D yodas hut 
D bog clearing 
D training area 
endor 
asteroid field X5 
big one X2 

STARSHIPS9 
gold squadron 1 
red squadron 1 
green squadron 3 
tala 1 
green squadron awing X2 
awing x3 

EFFECTS9 
encampment 
projection of a skywalker X2 
traffic control 
bacta tank 
asteroid sanc x2 
rycars run X2 

INTERRUPTS13 
the signal X3 
a few maneuvers X3 
closer? X2 
OOC&TT X2 
rebel barrier X2 
lost relay 

JEDI TESTS1 
great warrior  '

Strategy: '

SOME STRATEGY 
pretty simple really.use the dagobah text to get a site every turn. once you have out crix (apprentice) yoda (mentor) and your 3 sites jedi test. once thats done with your opponents drains are near nothing. next you go for the asteroids. the whole game you draw all your cards trying to get them. boussh, tk422 and projection help to limit the opponents drains to even less then with great warrier. with asteroid sanc and lost relay ( if opponent comes to the asteroid which he probably will) you can dish out some good direct damage. then when i need to retrieve some force i just rycars run. if i have 2 closers in my hand i will be able to do this in 2 turns. and then with leebo on table after i complete the run theres even more direct damage ( of 1). the biggest problem i have in this deck is getting my ships out. thats why i included 3 signals to get out my encampment. once encampment is out i use squad assignments to deploy the ship and pilot to bog clearing then during my move phase i lift off to dagobah. or if i get out endor early i just deploy there or i can just deploy to my fields if they are out . so it shouldnt be to hard. i went with endor b/c this isnt really a draining deck, instead of 2 force im giving them none now which i think in this deck is much better. i switched out chewie protector for chewbacca b/c chewbacca is much better in space and i wont be using him to much on the ground.im using cracken and tala 1 b/c while they are in the asteroids they are maneuver 6 which is pretty good in my oppionion. i dont have blount and tala 2 simpily b/c i dont have tala 2.


MATCHUPS 
BHBM just play like you normally would once they get out vader deploy from reserve luke and try to keep him alive or just give him to vader and hope opponent dosent win any battles to cross him 

Hunt Down try to stay away from vader as much as possible. to cancal visage i have tk422 boussh cracken and transmission terminated. and then just play your deck as normal 

TIES this will hurt me. there is nothing i can realy do about them. im actually helping them lose there ties then redeploy them and retrieve force(since they can just go to the fields and die) all i can really do is keep my ships together and hope i keep my direct damage goin. this will prove to be a very tough match up 

TDIGWATT jedi test 1 will reduce there drains(even though that dosent matter that much) then i use boussh and tk422 to pretty much stop them. and also cloud city occupation will start to hurt me so either i dont let them control bespin or i get out my direct damage right away. this shouldnt be to hard 

COURT/MKOS this may be a little diffacult. just cancel there drains (and i think boussh or tk422 will stop the direct damage but im not sure)this should be challenging as well. 
'