---
layout: post
author: ! Jassem "The Seem" Sleiman
title: ! "Look Out, Here Com The Jedi"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-10-16
description: ! 'Ive always liked the Jedi. Jedi are some of my favorite characters in the SW universe. When I saw that the JC Members from Coruscant sucked, I as determined to make them work anyway I can. I think I found a way. check it...'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(5)
C JCC
Heading for the med.
Your Insight../Stagin Areas
Insur./Aim High
Honor...

Locations(5)
Yoda’s Hut
Obi’s Hut
HO DB
Tat DB
Cors DB

Characters(15)
Yoda, JCM
2x Mace
Depa
x2 Ben Kenobi
Obi-wan Kenobi
x3 LS, Jedi Knight
x2 Qui-gon
Master Qui
x2 3-po w/ parts showing

Weapons(9)
x3 Jedi Stik
x3 Obi’s Stik
x3 Luke’s Stik
x3 Qui’s Stik

Effects(2)
x2 Light Pro

Interrupts(24)
x4 Gift of the Mentor
x2 The Force is...
x3 Are You Brain...
x2 Speak W/
x2 Weapon Lev’s
x2 Blaster Def.
x5 Sense (orig.)
x2 Alter (orig.)
x2 Alter (cors.) '

Strategy: '

The strategy behind this deck is not to go get them. The main thing to do is to just drain them with the lightsabers at the docking bay and one the guys having a light pro. The only JCM to not leave the JCC is Depa. Leave her there so that way you can keep your AYBDs for Mace and so that she can look at your destinies so you can get stuff faster with 3-p0 and so you know what weapon and battle destinies you and your opponent will have.  First turn, if the dark side gives you atleast one force, pull out the corsDB and yoda and move yoda over. next turn you will be getting mad force and you ca start deploying down or drawing up. if you don’t get that needed one force, pull out the HODB and just draw up to get needed cards. you need to get out 3-p0 as fast as possible to help you get out your much needed cards. If you have to go get them, use Luke and Obi with their sticks and Gift of the mentor. Mace will need to be draining at the Cors.DB with a Jedi Light and a Light pro alongside Yoda with a stick. since the characters are such high deploy, you will have a higher chance of pulling out sticks with Weapon Lev. I’ve never played this deck against anyone. i just deigned it to be fun. i’m sure it could work alot better with the new Mace. have fun. tell me if it does work.
-----
jassem '