---
author: Geoff "Loaf" Gallo-Cornell
title: 'Loafs Slave Mains v2.0'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-15
description: '"My Cats Breath Smells Like Cat Food" ~ Ralph Wiggum'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Startin’ Jank: (5)
Tatooine: Lars MF (muthafker)
HFTMF
Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice
Insurrection
Staging Areas

Locations:(6)
Homo One: DBay
Tat: Dbay
CC: Dbay
Cantina
Obi’s Hut
Yoda’s Hut

Characters:(21)
Jedi Luke x3 (or 2, and 1 rebel scout luke)
EPP Leia x2
EPP Han x2
Lando w/Boo-Ya Axe x2 (good sayin, twigg)
Ben Kenobi x2
Owen & Beru x3
Chewbacca, Protector
Kal Fal (scrub)
Tawass Khaa
ANH Wedge Antilles (scrub)
Wes "Borland" Janson (scrub)
Colonel Cracken (scrub)
Corran Horn

Magic Wands:(2)
Lukes Saber
Obis Saber

Effects:(6)
Grabber x2
Ounee Ta
Honor OTJ
Bacta Tank
Traffic Control

Interrupts:(20)
Harvest x4
Weapon Lev x2
Run Luke Run x2
Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach
The Signal
Sorry ’Bout Da Mess
Beru Stew
Clash of Sabers
I Know
Off Da Edge x2
Out Of Commission & TT x2
Tunnel Vision
Fallen Portal







Strategy: 

--- response to reviews ---
stevie b - screw you. what do you know? you gave me a 1 cause jedi luke can get dueled, wow, i knew that, so what? you got damn lucky, and who knows if you are even telling the truth, and WHO CARES. im glad that you can use decktech, but use it responsibly, what do you have against me that you gave me a 1, that was certainly better than a one

adrock - what a chump. i explained why i play it like i do in the strat, @$$hole. no WYS for cheaper mains, farm start so i dont have to have multiple copies. space isnt a problem, usually. and you took off for my name, so f you. you pretty much just insulted all of spain and the rest of the spanish speaking world as well, because most of them have two last names (im not spanish tho). you should be beaten with a flaming 2x4 wrapped in barbed wire, in the middle of a parking lot, by policemen as numerous drunks watch. go to hell, no one insults my name.

everyone else - you all rock, thanks for the reviews, and for NOT insulting my name.
----


Ok, this deck is pretty simple. Its a beatdown deck with a ton of retrieval, and its tons of fun to play. 

Just play it like any other mains deck, except you need to protect owen and beru, but thats not too hard. And if they die during the oppenents turn, luke is a real beast, with tons of beatdown potential. Ill spare you the pointless chatter and just tell you this: Protect Owen and Beru, lay the smack down on them, and play harvest. there. now onto why i picked the cards i did: 

Lars Moisture Farm instead of WYS? well, i didnt want to have to put doubles of lars MF in there, so i just started with it. other benefits of NOT playing with WYS are that i can use ben and leia and lando. they are awesome, so i wanted them, and i wanted them cheap. The other starting stuff is pretty self explanatory, you get out a DB with insurrection, and sit someone there for boosted activation. DoDN/WA kills sense and alter, so do not fear losing all your harvests. 

Run Luke Run -- good card, it makes luke even better, and its kinda surprizing, plus it cancels vaders obsession, as if they are stupid enough to duel luke. 

Bacta Tank -- recycles mains, nuff said 

Grabbers -- do i need to explain this, do i? 

Traffic Control -- recycles high destiny cards like jedi lukes, run luke runs, harvests (why youd put that back is beyond me) and other junk at the last minute to raise your differential. 

Weapon Lev -- gimme that saber, vader. i dont think snoova needs his vibro axe either. mara can do without her saber too. oh, you can also grab your sabers from your used pile, pretty nice function. very universal card indeed 

signal --recyclable 5 that grabs lower destiny cards out of your deck for you, sounds good 

bith shuffle/desperate reach -- here ye here ye, imperial barrier is DEAD 

off the edge -- this card should be renamed to ”off the hook” cause it rocks 

Harvest -- dont make me hurt you. if you need to know what this does, go to the bathroom with a shotgun, vishnu calls you (that comment was put there espcially for you, DFT) 

I Know -- free surprize leia. or 2 more battle destiny, you pick 

one tunnel vision -- why just one? cause i can retrieve it, and i only use it when im desperate for something (lukes saber, hmm?) 

OOC/TT -- bye bye hunt down 

Clash of sabers -- cause its foil and awesome 

Sorry about the mess -- cause im a MF’in murdera, ha, you’ll f around and get killed. 

Beru Stew -- gets you 4 more force, while messing up their tracking, oh, so great 

Twix sites -- as good as the DBays, since i dont have to be there to get more activation 

tawass -- cause hes cool, and they spelled his gametext wrong on my foil one 

EPP han and EPP Leia -- they are in love, what can i say? 

owen and beru -- umm, i dont know, so i can play harvest? 

scrubs -- to sit at Dbays for activation, and to give the mains and EPPs backup. be careful, stunning leader hurts, i found that out the hard way, but who plays that :-)

Honor -- its still good, it really is

Ounee Ta -- it doesnt kill rops if it isnt in the deck

Corran -- power 5 with a hunter, pretty good. gets destiny on his own too

the others are obvious, so just think real hard and clap your hands, and it will come to you.




now for some matchups: 

BHBM -- well, just keep owen and beru safe as you can. beatdowns await them. try to beatdown and run, it should work. havent had luke crossed on me yet. 

Hunt Down -- popular in my area. the TTs shut it down, and i can retrive them, so its hard for them to keep visage out (without it hurting them too) for very long, espically with a total of 5 bens/lukes. 

ISB -- invade them! try and beatdown on them, since their oh-so-expensive ORS dont get any battle destiny, and are easy targets for han and leia. 

MKOS -- their ability to cancel drains and BD’s hurts, but you can over come it. once they run out of their rep, your BD’s will wear them down. han/leia with slight weapons malfunction (easy to get out) get 3 destiny, throw in an i know, and you are up to 5. that should wear them down, even if they have boelo, their rep to cancel one with, and some forfiet fodder. 

Prodigy -- not quite sure, i havent seen them around here, but i think i can beat it. if its popular there, throw in a first aid to prevent your people from getting their forfiet reduced by dengar with gun. 

Big Blue -- drain race, one you wont win, but since you have mega retrieval, it will be a closer game, and you could win. they are more likely to play something special planned for them then any other deck, so be careful. even with something special out, you can still retrieval a whole lot with the 6 harvets and 2 off the edges 



oh, and the name.. its slave mains cause thats what they do. they work my fields, all day long. owen is lazy, so han and leia usually have to work them for him. so thats why. 

please leave some constructive critcism, cause 1 stars that say ”you suck and so does your deck” dont help me very much. go ahead and give me a 1 star, but tell me how to make it better atleast. thanks 
-- Geoff ”Loaf” Gallo-Cornell 
