---
layout: post
author: ! Cody "MegaScrub" Jewell
title: ! "The Gungans revolt (AKA JarJar&#8217;s Posse is goan learn yall some respect)"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-12-20
description: ! "The title says it all."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Purple
Agents in the Court/ No Love for the Empire

Characters
Owen and Beru Lars x2
Ben Kenobi
Lando with Vibro ax
Han with Heavy
Jar Jar Binks x5
Gungan Warrior x8
Chewbacca, Protector
Chewie, Enraged
Leia, Rebel Princess 
Lando, Scoundrel
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Dash Rendar
Mirax Terrik

Weapons
Jar Jar&#8217;s Electropole x2
Obi-Wan&#8217;s Lightsaber
Anakin&#8217;s Lightsaber

Starships
Han, Chewie, and the Falcon
Outrider
Pulsar Skate

Effects
An Unusual amount of Fear
Squadron Assignments
Underworld Contacts
Seeking an Audience
Yarna D&#8217;al Gargan
Bo Shuda
Brisky Morning Munchen
Opee Sea Killer
Menace Fades


Interrupts
Harvest x4
The Signal
Protector
Life Debt x2
Nar Shadda Wind chimes x2
Sense/ Recoil in Fear x2
Control/ Tunnel Vision x2

Locations
JP Audience Chamber
Lars&#8217; Moisture Farm
Hutt Trade Route
Spaceport Docking bay





'

Strategy: '

Gungan Strategy


	Hey, Laugh if you want, but I personally saw this deck hand a Bring Him Before me deck It&#8217;s own @#$% on a plate. The basic strategy of this deck is just that Basic. 
	The ideals of this deck are Retrieval, battle, Retrieval, battle, and hey, Retrieval. You need to try to lose Gungans to drains, because on the flipside of the objective, retrieval becomes sick. Keeping  Owen and Beru at the Farm is definetly a Good thing, because they retrieve ANY 4 cards from Lost Pile. Then, if you are decent at tracking, battles become deadly to the opponent. For example, drop Han, Chewie, and the Falcon, play life Debt, then draw 4 destinies, Crack the immunity on Executor, then lose falcon to cover what little if any battle damage there is. Basically, if you can keep this baby flipped, you&#8217;re golden.

	Vs. Huntdown Pods

	You don&#8217;t really hold much of a chance, but pull out the defensive shield, and occupy your battlegrounds. Hopefully you can make them hurt enough with drains that they can&#8217;t really get a handle on stopping your retrieval machine. Dropping jar jar with a tracked electropole is your best shot for whacking Vader. Another good bet is a Leia and Chewie with a protector. Owies.


	Vs. Senate

	This deck should take a while, but you have the upper hand. Just make sure that you do have the endurance to get their lifeforce down, and then pull some crazy mad retrieval skills


	Vs. Droid Objective

	You should definetly have the upper hand in this game, as your gungans should be able to waste some of those droids, plus when they flip, Han, Chewie, and the Falcon make that battleship call them daddy.


	Vs. Lightsaber Combat

	This game could go either way, but they definetly have the upper hand, so If you want to get them off your back you have to go and combat maul. Otherwise, the game is over before it starts.


	Well, if any of you ever get the inclination, here is a deck that noone will see coming. However, don&#8217;t expect this deck to go better than 2-1 in Sanctioned tourney play. If you have any changes you want to make, by all means, e-mail me at Lackey16@hotmail.com

'