---
layout: post
author: ! Mason "Palleon" Johnson
title: ! "A Pinch of Scum and A Dash of Villiany"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-28
description: ! "COTVG that can retrieve tons, Battle with an iron fist and is fun to play."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'
Starting (8)

Court of The Vile Gangster/Uh, Oh Rancor

Jabbas Palace Audience Chamber
Jabbas Palace Dungeon
Tatooine Sarlacc Pit
Prepared Defenses
There is No Try/Oppressive Enforcement
No Bargain
Power Of The Hutt

Characters (20)

Jabba The Hutt
Mighty Jabba
Mara Jade, TEH x2
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle x2
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle x2
IG-88 with Riot Gun
Guri
Gailid x2
Prince Xizor
Dengar with big gun
Dr. Evastan & Ponda Baba x2
Djas Puhr
Boelo
Ephant Mon
Bib Fortuna
Snoova x2

Starships & Vehicle (6)

Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Dengar in Punsihing One
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
IG-88 in IG-2000
Virago
Jabbas sail barge

Interrupts (12)

Imp. Barrier x3
Twilel Advisor
Control & Set For Stun x2
None shall Pass x2
Ghhhk & Rebels Wont Escape Us
Sniper & Darth Vaders Strike

Effects (7)

Scum and Villiany x2
Hutt Influence
First Strike
Secret Plans
Search and Desroy
Disarmed


Locations (5)

ExecutorDocking Bay
Tatooine Desert Heart
Jabbas Palace Lower Passages
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jabbas Palace

Weapon (2)

Maras Lightsaber
Vibro Ax   '

Strategy: '


edit Get jabba the hutt down to the Audience Chamber as soon as possible pull the executor docking bay for better activation. Get scum & villainy down. Deploy throughout jabbas palace and be ready to use your tricks to battle. Drain if they dont come to you early. if it looks like their never coming go get them. Your only weakness is space against strong pace decks. But dont worry you can hold your own in the right situation. Use your imperial barriers and None Shall Passes to their best advantage. Battle as much as possible to retieve with scum. Use the direct damage from the objective if they dont come down. This decks is not only powerful it is a blast to play.

Your Force
You will have plenty of force because of you (-) deploys because of Jabbas Sail Barge and Scum. Try to get your locations out as quick as possible.

Characters You have a a good amount of ground power to battle any ground deck. You can cancel game texts, Scancel battle destinys. Restrict deployment, and crush your opponent. No Worries in the character department.

Effects and Interrups Retrieve with Scum and First strike. Use your barriers and None Shall Passes to battle like a champ. Contol their force drains or stun their characters. If all else fails use Ghhk. Search for effects. No bargain restricts their deployment. Sniper their characters. Definietly no flaws here.

Locations You should have enough force and with gailid you can drain for a bunch at the palace. Good sites for battling. Jabbas Palace Pulls you sites and the audience chamber gets you an alien.
The best location you can get for a scum deck.

Starships and Vehicles The Sail Barge is great reduces your characters deploys and makes a few immune to attrition with Power of the Hutt. The Hunters ships work great against space decks. Get them together and beat down the rebel fleet. They better look out for Xixor on the Virago.

Weapons Weeeoooww Bzzzzzt and Vibro ax=bye bye obi.

Match Ups

VS. MWYHL Start secret plans to stunt their retrieval. Drain as much as you can early before they get set up. Use the objectives direct damage and kill him quickly. A tough matchup but you can pull it off.

VS. EBO DO lots of early damage before they are set up. Then use scum and your starships to battle like a champ in space drain on the groung while your killing and retrieving in space. Piece of Cake. Kinda

VS. Profit Start secret plans and battle, drain, and retrieve. Let them get han early then kill him and place him out of play. Grind them down while you retieve. Retiee while your draining and watch for beatdowns. Dont let them take the palace. This shouldnt be a problem with No Bargain, Barrier, None Shall Pass, and your awesome power. This game can be pulled of with a little concentration.

VS. Mains Use your tricks to battle like a champ. Ghhk their beatdowns. And cancel their deplyment. This deck can contol any mains deck with ease.

VS. Anything Else Battle, Retieve, and Force drain like a champ.

This deck is very capable and has great potential in the hands of a good player such as me or you.

Thanks for reading and reviwing.    '