---
author: Mason "Palleon" Johnson
title: 'The Emperors Wrath Final'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-09-28
description: 'A BHBM that is strong and unexpected!'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective (1) 
Bring Him Before Me / Take Your Fathers Place 

Characters (20) 
Lord Vader x2 
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x2 
Emperor Palpatine x2 
Mara Jade, The Emperors Hand x2 
Darth Maul x2
Mighty Jabba 
Janus Greejatus 
Grand Moff Tarkin 
Prince Xizor 
Guri 
Sim Aloo 
IG-88 with Riot Gun 
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba 
Grand Admiral Thrawn 
Admiral Chiraneau 

Locations (5) 
Death Star II: Throne Room 
Death Star II: Docking Bay 
Endor: Docking Bay (Landing Platform) 
Cloud City: East Platform (Docking Bay) 
Rendili 

Interrupts (14) 
I Have You Now x2 
Evader & Monnok 
You are Beaten 
Ommni Box & It&#8217;s Worse 
Force Lightning x2 
The Circle is now Complete
Masterful Move x2 
Twi&#8217;lek Advisor 
Sniper & Dark Strike 
Ghhhk & Those Rebels Wont Escape Us 
Prepared Defenses 

Effects (12) 
Imperial Arrest Order & Secret Palns
Mobilization Points 
Crursh the Rebellion 
You Cannot Hide Forever 
Emperors Power 
Your Destiny 
Insignificant Rebellion 
Lateral Damage 
Battle Order & First Strike
Reactor Terminal 
Presence of the Force x2 

Starships (6) 
Chimaera 
Devastator 
Bossk in Hounds Tooth 
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter 
Dreadnaught-Class heavy Cruiser x2 

Weapons (3) 
Vaders Lightsaber 
Maras Lightsaber 
Maul’s Lightsaber 

Strategy: 

This is a force drain and beadown deck, it is very capable in space and on the ground. It controls the game. it has many characters to keeps the beatdowns going, destiny and force drain adders, etc. Track your destinies and you can cause tons of battle damage, and maybe even cross luke. 

Starting: I start Imperial Arrest Order, Mobilization Points, and Crush the Rebellion. So can get tons of early activation, get my sites I need out, and stop numbers and grab battle order once your set up. 

Playing: Pull your sites, and get the emperor to the throne room with emperors power, get your drain sites set up, but keep beatdown characters in hand. When opportunity strikes 
use your destiny adders, to cause massive attrition and battle damage, don&#8217;t let them control anything. Get battle order going to stop all of their drains if you can win a few 
battles you could always cross luke for an instant win. Your Destiny will help out if they don&#8217;t deploy luke, and even if they do your removing the light sides most powerful 
character in the game! 

Advantages: No luke dueling vader,Three ways to win Drain,Battle, or cross. Or you can try a combination of the three.The ability to control the who table. 

Matchups: 

WYS: this deck destroys most WYS it controls tatooine on the ground with massive destinies, and drains at the cantina. if you can take rendili, Tatooine, or Kessel and keep the ground with battle order out they dont stand a chance vs. your massive drains. You can restrict their destinies with Guri. You destroy all of WYS main advantages. Slow their retrieval with Secret Plans, and control the game. usually an easy win. 

TIGIH scouts: Send huge beatdown crews to endor, choke, shoot, operate, sniper, I Have you now, etc. Drain in space and use battle order to make them pay for their drains. Wear him down with your drains, and cross luke if you can. Difficult game if you don&#8217;t play smart, but can be easily won if you play smart. 

Hidden Mains: Destroy his mains on the ground, and drain in space. Guri will kill the super falcon, Secret plans will slow their retrieval. Drain for tons, and you can always cross luke. Not much they can do here, pretty easy win. 

Anything else just control the board, drain, cross luke, battle, add destines, the possibilities are endless! 

Thanks for reading and reviewing  