---
author: Andrew "loser#5" Hill
title: black sun agents with attitude 3.0
side: Dark
date: 2001-06-14
description: force lighting, hidden weapons, hutt influence oh my!!!
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Sarting (8)
Agents of black sun
Imperial city
Prince xizor
Coruscant
Prerared Defences
Imperial Arrest order
Secret plans
TINT/OE

Locations (8)
Sullust
Imperial Square
Coscant docking bay
Docking bay 94
Cantina
Lars Moisture farm
Jundland waists
JP: dungeon

Chacters (18)
Emporer Palpatine x3
Price xizor
EPP Fett x2
Guri
Aurra Sing
Vigo x3
Jodo Cast
Snoova
IG-88 with gun
Bossk with mortar
Bane malar
Dengar with blaster 
U-3PO

Weopons (3)
Thermol Detonator x2
Vibro-Ax

Effects (8)
presence of the force x2
blast door controls
Hutt influence
No escape
We’re the bait
bounty x2

Interrupts (10)
Force lighting x2
Hidden Weopons x2
control combo x2
Imperial barrier x2
Limited resources
Evader/Monnok

Blue Stuff (5)
Stinger
Bossk in boat
slave 1
dengar in boat
Zuckuss in boat 

Strategy: 

Ok depending on which deck your playing you might want to start hutt influence or no escape, if they play honour or menace or something like that. Ok first turn: if you get a presence of the force in your first hand  deploy it down with some protection for xizor and pull a docking bay. If you don’t pull the coruscant docking bay and move xizor there. Next turn pull the tatooine docking bay and flip. If you can’t flip the card (if luke isn’t on table) on your second turn you should kick your own ass. Get your vigo’s and friends to 3 fore draining tatooine sights. with 3 vigo’s, emporer and freinds on tatooine with xizor and a presence on coruscant you can make them lose a total of 12! not bad. Then use your other hunters and start beating people down. If they put luke with qui gon, obi, leia, han, chewie lando and friends just so you can never kill luke. Come down with banem malar and a thermal detonator track a 1 (and a six if LSJK) and ever one is dead. If he wants to deploy luke again with another mass, do it again or hidden weopons and so on. If you are playing against menace fades get hutt influence and have 2 aliens at each site.

ok for card choices:
u-3po - good for getting rid of a heavy drain at a site

Thermol detonators - some of you might still question this but listen it has saved my @#$% many times. Also if you have someone with a bounty it add 3 to force retrieved

Blast door controls - gets rid of the pescy barrier and narrow escapes which are popular in my region.

limited resources - has won me the game late 3 times now. it is one of the last cards I would take out.

sullust - good for a drain and againsta MWYHL it alows you to move over

Ok for matchups

WYS - this is your toughest matchup. Just try to out drain them and capture key characters. Those Palace Raiders in patrol crafts start to really piss you off because you can’t captre them.

MWYHL - ok bet out bossk in boat, bane malar with a detonator, and sullust move over before they flip their card and detonate.

EBO -  if this is popular in your area ake out slave 1 and put in imperial decree. But without
decress just take over hoth. Without decree this is also a tough matchup

QMC - auto-win take over cloud city not difficult, if they keep running away with path of least resistance you’ll get the eventualy just keep chasing. Plus while your on the city in the clouds drain them. I have played a wid variety of QMC and never won by less than 25.

RST - it depends on the way they play the deck. If they use close air just fucus on destroying the tala’s most people just put both tala’s at endor and sit. other wise just drain and take over.

Agents - are you kidding me!! how can you lose

elom swarm - hahahahahahahahahahahaha auto-win

just try to understand the deck and if you see something wrong. tell me, thanks 

