---
layout: post
author: ! Casey "Smeg" Barson
title: ! "Hunt Down 2K1 The Missing Chromosome"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-12
description: ! "This is a good Hunt Down deck that utilizes some of the new card from R2.  Hasn’t lost yet"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting Cards (9)

Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out In the Universe
Epic Duel
Executor Meditation Chamber
Executor Holotheaater
Visage Of The Emperor
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Points
No Escape
Imperial Arrest Order

Characters (13)

Darth Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x2
Lord Vader x2
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Prince Xizor
Grand Moff Tarkin
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
Janus Greejatus
Dr. Evazan
Emperor Palpatine (UR)

Interrupts (20)

Focused Attack
Evader & Monnok
HoloNet Transmission
Sniper
Imperial Barrier x2
Weapon Levitation
Twi’lek Advisor
Alter & Collateral Damage
Trample
Point Man
Operational As Planned
Omni Box & It’s Worse
Oo-ta Goo-ta, Solo?
Masterful Move x2
Vader’s Obsession x2
The Circle is Now Complete x2

Starships/Vehicles (5)

Blizzard 2
Chimaera
Executor
Zukuss In Mist Hunter
Bossk In Hounds Tooth

Effects (7)

Search and Destroy
Crush the Rebellion
Disarmed x2
Security Precautions
Visage of the Emperor x2

Locations (3)

Executor Docking Bay
Cloud City East Platform (Docking Bay)
Death Star Docking Bay 327

Weapons (3)

Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
Vader’s Lightsaber x2 '

Strategy: '

Lets see, what can I say.  Yup, its another Hunt Down deck.  Yes It uses dueling.  Its basically a ground based deck, but it can hold itself against pretty much anything.  I have little tidbits of ”tech” here and there let me go over individual cards you might be questioning in my deck.


Evader & Monnok + Crush the Rebellion	Works really well to get a monnok into your hand whenever you need one.

Masterful Move + any of the holograms in the deck.  Way cool and should be in most dark decks.

Weapon Levitiation Just a really great card

Oo-ta Goo-ta Solo? In my area Im seeing a lot of the new smuggler objective.  This works great because it cancels Kessel Run, Hoses Nabrum or barriers smugglers.  Pretty nifty.

Prince Xizor  Zukkus on the ground.  This guy is a wrecking ball. He can pretty much drop anywhere and kill anything.	Wow this guy is amazing.

Everything else is pretty self explanitory.  But I will go over how I play anyways.

Start, if you have Vader in your hand drop him ASAP.  Pull a docking bay and the Executor into your hand.  Good against space.	Then just proceed to battle them.  Make them come to you with Search and Destroy and draining at your docking bays.  If you seem to be loosing the drain race or they put out Luke or Ben, go kick their a$$.  You should have enough to take care of them.  Destinies are pretty high.

Since everyone kinda already knows how to play the deck, Ill let you use your own strategy for specific deck types since it has been around for over 2 years.

Any specific questions d-mail me.  Ill be glad to answer them.	'