---
layout: post
author: ! Phillip "Karrdeshark" Aasen
title: ! 'My Decktech Techdeck'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-24
description: ! 'I saw Prodigy yesterday and went WOW  Then I decided to try something a little different.  I give credit to the maker of Prodigy.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'ObjectiveSYCFA

Characters19
Brangus Glee x3
Mi’iyoom Onith x2
Mara Jade x2
Mighty Jabba x2
EPP Fett
Boelo
Ephant Mon
ECC 4-LOM x2
Iggy w/gun x2
Prophetess
EPP Vader x2

Starships3
B in Bus
Z in MH
D in PO

Locations10
D
Alderaan
DDB x3
DWar Room
DConference Room
TatJP x2
JPAC

Effects13
YCHF (start)
TINT/OE (start against throne room, Profit)
Crush The Rebellion (start)
No Escape (start against everything else)
S&V x2
First Strike
Battle Order
Grabber x2
Visage
Blast Door Controls

Interrupts14
Control/Set For Stun x2
Ghhhk x2
Prepared defenses (start)
PASOA x3
Evader/Monnok x2
Massa Move
TCINC
Twi’lek Advisor x2 '

Strategy: '

All of a sudden I can’t remember the name of Prodigy’s author but I give a whole lot of credit to him.

Basically, it’s Prodigy with a twist.  I suggest that if you haven’t read Prodigy that you go check it out and then come look so you know how to play.  When I made this deck, I wanted to mess with their hand to prevent almost any beatdown on me at the AC.  Thus, Mi’iyoom and Monnok came to mind.  I can pull Monnok and knock their hand down to size whenever I can.  Mi’iyoom makes it more potent by knocking down their hand size with Monnok and then kicking their mains out of their hand and in to their lost pile.  If they S.Info. you, lose the force and Miyo, trade for her, and retrieve it right back.  I also added the Visage because it gives high destiny, direct damage, and your retrievel easily nullifies it.  (S&V to the Rescue )  Vader is tight for suicide runs and also, with the ’Circle’, fancy this deploy him against EPP Luke, EPP Leia, and EPP Obi.  Duel Obi, opponent loses therefore losing Obi from game, fight, retrieve one, hit Luke, and kill Leia with attrition.  Sweet huh  Just remember to always forfiet Vader so as not to hamper S&V Mara Jade can be dropped also for significant power.  Prophetess+Ghhhk is worth 4 force retrieved.  No Escapse prevents Honor on your Visage and First Strike.  You have enough stuff to hold the AC without to much problem, especially when Monnok+Mi’iyoom is working.  Your retrievel is Awesome  Other than this stuff, you play the same way as Prodigy.  Check it out  It is so Awesome     Other than that, remember this is an intricate deck and must be played carefully.  I tried playing Prodigy when I was a newbie an stunk at it.  Now it’s different.  Thanks for reading this.

Phillip Aasen  '