---
author: Geoff "GG BLADE" Bowman
title: Das Schlägt Hinunter (The Beat Down CCT)
side: Dark
date: 2001-02-08
description: It is your not so standard CCT Deck, loaded with tons of mains, lots of trackable destinies, and some nice tech.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (9)
CCT/MFD
Carbonite Chamber Console
Carbonite Chamber 
Security Tower
Frozen Han
Prepared Defenses
Crush the Rebelion
IAO
Mobilization Points

Characters (22)
DVDLOTS x3
Lord Vader x2
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Mighty Jabba x2
M&#8217;iom&#8217;Onith
Lando
Ugslote
Guri x2
Xixor x2
Snoova
Mara Jade THE x2
Palpy x3 (DS2)

Ships (1)
ZiMH

Locations (5)
AC, 
DB 94, 
Carida
East Platform
DS2 Docking Bay

Interrupts (16)
Twilek x4
Evader/Monnok x2
Evader x2
Masterful Move x2
Force Lightning x2
Set for Stun x2

Effects (5)
Search and Destroy
Lateral Damage
You Cannot Hide for Ever
Presence of the Force x2

Weapons (4)
Mara Jades Saber
Vaders Lightsaber x3


Strategy: 

Responce to Reviews:


Please don’t give jackass reviews, thanks. 

”If Resistance was in here you’d get 5 stars, but this deck will really die to any EBO w/ X-Wings. Nuff said”  It wouldn’t die to EBO X wings.  Read the matchup VS EBO, I go can drain for 8 a turn plus Search and Destroy.  That is not bad at all.

Note, I will be playing this deck after a little bit more playtesting, at a tourney this saturday.  I will post my observations after that.

Please Read the Strat section before your rate the deck.  If you not going to read it, please don’t rate the deck, unless you are going to give it 5 stars.

Here is a brief rundown of the first few turns:
First Turn:  Pull Carida, AC, and DS2 Docking Bay, Lando.  Deploy M’yom from reserve to the AC, and deploy Lando there as well if you have enough force.  Pull a Monnok/Evader with Crush.  You’ve now got you manip set up.

Turn Two!  Now you have quite a bit of force, (9 to be exact)  Play M’yom if they’ve got a small hand, drain at the AC.  Drop the other remaining Docking Bays.  If they deployed any characters go kill em!

Reasons for cards:
Vader’s Stick x3!?!?!?  Jeez isn’t that a few too many?  Nope, it recycles back in when you play the non-combo Evader.  

Emperor x3?!!?  Well, he is a destiny 6, and he is awesome.  Force Lightning at will, and he and another character can hold a site.

Masterful Move x2  yes I know that it does not pull the monnok/evader… It is an awesome trackable 6.

Destany Breakdown:
Five 6’s
Eight 5’s

Not bad considering they recycle.
I do have other low destinies, but you can track the Twi’leks and Masterful Moves.  Not a hard feat. 

Why no ships?  Well, there aren’t too many; decks out there except EBO.  


Matchups:

VS EBO
Well, as you may have noticed I have 1 ship.  I get Search and Destroy out and running as soon as possible.  I drop PotFs down at where Palpy and Vader are, drop Vader’s Stick, and I have got some nice drains going.  I can also drop Mara with her stick, and out drain them.  It is better not to fight them, because legendary straighter will kill me.  M’yom whenever you’ve got enough force, and Monnok whenever they go of 13 cards.  When they leave that lone Tala 2 with no force left to play Out of Nowhere, you go Lateral Damage, and kill it with ZiMH.

VS WYS
Well this is what this deck is designed to beat.  First turn play Lando to the DS2 Docking Bay; don’t play M’yom to the AC, because they will get beat down.  Soon as they put there little crap characters to flip, you take Vader, and pals to beat the F out of them.  You forfeit Vader, but play regular evader.  Since there are 5 in the deck, getting him back out should not be a problem.  Just continually beat them up, and off of Tatooine.  The only good characters that they could really play are Luke, Boussh, and JP Sealed Lando.  Not a threat at all.  Get Search and Destroy set up, and it is like they are draining of only 1 at Kessel.  Get ZiMH and lateral damage, and hopefully play it against Dash, because his ship will be Power Zero, and will not have his special little ability.  Hehe.

VS Other stuff, then kill them.  Then Drain.  

Please Read the Strat section before your rate the deck.  If you not going to read it, please don’t rate the deck, unless you are going to give it 5 stars.

If you put some stupid comment and rate me low, I will do the same to you, please don’t be an a-hole and it won’t happen.

-GG BLADE

