---
author: Geoff "Loaf" Gallo-Cornell
title: 'Loaf~s TIGIHarvest'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-01
description: 'Umm, it works in my meta, so im posting it. dont like it? then give me constructive reviews, or gfy.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Startin’: (9)
There Is Good In Him / I Will Abuse It
Chirpa’s Hut
Endor: Dbay
Jedi Luke
Luke’s Saber
I Feel The Conflict
HFTMF
Wise Advice/Do Or Do Not
Draw Their Fire

Locations:(5)
Yavin 4: War Room
Tat: Moisture Farm
Tat: Dbay
Hoth: War Room
Dagobah: Yoda~s Hut

Effects:(4)
Never Tell Me The Odds x3
Honor Of The Jedi

Characters:(11)
EPP Leia x2
EPP Han x2
Chewie, Protector x2
Artoo x2
Owen & Beru Lars x2
Jedi Luke (second one)

Weapons:(3)
Jedi Saber x2
Anakin~s Saber

Interrupts:(28)
OOC/TT x2
How Did We Get Into This Mess x5
Fallen Portal
Off The Edge x4 (not for retrieval, its mega-tech)
Harvest x8 (do not question the 8 harvets!)
I Know x2
Tunnel Vision x2
It’s A Trap x2
Bith Shuffle/DR
The Signal



Strategy: 

**wherever is says off the edge, it means on the edge, my bad**
Update:
Take out a on the edge, and HFTMF
put in seeking an audience, and another signal. start SaA with the signal, instead of those other effects, since SaA gets artoo from your deck, sweetm eh? thanks deck, its a good idea

ditch one jedi saber and put in a grabber
----

about monnok --
well, i am not a dumbs@$$. when i get more than 2 of a card, i play one (harvest for instance). if i cant play it, i lose one to drain or something, then retrieve it with another one. so, play smart, and monnok just makes them waste 4 force. also, i didnt see one grabber the whole tourney, so i dont care about em.
---

Ok, this deck is pretty techy, and it has two things that happen every game:
#1 - good hand, you win
#2 - bad hand, you win by much less

how you play it:

first turn -activate, drain, and draw up if you want, but dont drop anything till you get artoo and some messes. 
from then on -  drop artoo to a twix, and mess around till you get sabers (put em on luke and owen & beru to add to drains) and other cards that you need for the current situation (tunnels are good)

just play by ear, and get a new hand as often as possible, its such mad tech. thanks Tj, Hayes and Praskac.


Insert odds and other junk, and if they are playing the odds cancelor, just beat down with han, leia, chewie, and use I know to get 5 BDs. it works, and it stacks one every time. lose han and chewie to attrition, and off the edge leia so she dies, and your odds is back up to 15, mwahahah. play a harvest, get han, leia, chewie and i know, track them, and repeat. do that three times, then cross vader, it works. if they play the odds cancelor, keep leia, han and chewie around so that they think you arent playin odds, then once its sacked, insert odds, and off the edge your destiny 1 guys. rinse and repeat.

you guys arent idiots (for the most part), you know how a beatdown deck works, just abuse it, and make them stack cards. nuff said, now for why i choose my techy cards.

Signal -- gets odds and honor out faster, and recycles a 5

It’s a Trap -- they try and beat on owen and beru? i dont think so. you play this beast, then next turn you mess around till you have han, leia, chewie and an i know, battle, and wipe them off, mwahahah

Tunnel Vision -- puh-lease, its good, we all know it

I know -- 2 destinys, or get leia out, its godly

8 Harvests -- who expects 8 harvets? if they play grabbers there, then sucks to be you, but i didnt see any at the tourney in lancaster (cept my own) and even tho they all played something special, i still won all my LS games (or wouldve if i drained, im a scrub)

On The Edge -- mad tech. use it to kill off destiny 1 guys to raise up your odds damage. or play to retrieve some, whatever floats your boat

How Did We Get Into This Mess -- lots of force, endless hand...you do the math.

Out Of Commission/Transmission Terminated -- hurts Hunt down, and when they cancel it, you can retrieve it for a nice 5 in your deck.

The Sabers -- i put three on luke for +3 to drains, mm drains

artoo -- destiny 6 for odds, and he plays HDWGITM

Han/Leia/Chewie -- gods of the ground

Odds -- the base of the damage, but its not entirely necessary

Twixes -- easy to get out with HDWIGTM

DTF -- good card, i might add 2 frozen assets, itd rock, maybe ditch 2 harvests for them

fallen portal -- every LS deck needs one :-)

-----
the harvests are great. even if they are placed out of play, you still get to get 32 force back, it little chunks, so secret plans is no biggie. if they dont play SSPFT, they are just going to be crushed. i usually retreive jedi luke and 4 destiny 5 cards, that way my destinys are ultra high... that, and NO ONE expects 8 harvets. i played a 7 harvest deck at my tourney (loaf’s slave mains v2.0) and it was funny as hell to see and hear people responding to me saying ”i have seven harvets in there”.. its good @#$%

on a side note, if you dont like odds, dont rate it. i know it ticks people off, and thats fun, so i play it. it CAN win without odds, and it has won without odds. it can turn vader, and it has turned vader, and will do so again.

thanks for reviewin my deck, and please leave me some advice, i want to improve it.

--Geoff ”Loaf” Gallo-Cornell




