---
layout: post
author: ! Cortney "dope5tar" Haggerty
title: ! "quad cannons are cool"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-15
description: ! "watch your step with weapons."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting stuff 8

watch your step (obj)
Tatooine
Tat db
Tat cantina
HFTMF
menace fades
aim high
squadron assignments

Locations 6

Rendezvous point
kessel
kashyyk
raltir
corelia
coruscant

Characters 17

wedge
mirax
leebo
dash
han w/hbp x2
luke w/saber x2
talon karde
melas
chewie protector
lando w/pistol
raltir captains x5

ships 8

falcon
roller skate
outrider
YT1300 transport x5

interrupts 12

power pivot x2
hyper escape x2
control & tunnel vision x2
OOC & TT x2
rapid fire
punch it
signal
its a trap

effects 2

bargainin table
corellian engineering corp

weapons 6

quad laser cannon x4
intruder missle x2

admirals orders 1

no questions asked

'

Strategy: '


edit raltir freighter captains are non-unique aliens last time i checked. that is why the bargaining table is in here. end edit.

this is my version of the smuggla madness.  basically the idea is to get smugglas at systems for extra destinies and to play interrupts from the lost pile.

first turn, you will grab corellia and most likely draw up or save force for a 2nd turn smuggla fleet.

you will want to get out the engineering corp pretty fast, it makes your non-uniques and the falcon deploy -1, quad laser cannons deploy for free and add 2 to their weapon destiny draws. with the quad cannons, you can take down both capital ships and starfighters, then follow it up by shooting a missle. this does a bunch of things...you have fired 2 weapons, so you get +5 power from aim high, you now have a trackable 7 in your used pile and the missle itself gets +3 to hit a capital ship.

kessel and coruscant are in here just for mad drains.  raltir is here so the captains can draw destiny alone in the YT1300’s and you can react there too.  kashyyk is a cool system in this deck because most of the smugglas will deploy for free here, and besides they will need 6 or more to draw destiny.  it will probably get converted tho, dark side kashyyk is in alot of DS decks.

rapid fire is a little neat 5 destiny that lets you deploy a weapon for free on a ship when battle is initiated.  this can either get you a quad cannon or a missle for the 2nd weapon bonus i mentioned above, and its a used 5.

the ability to play an interrupt from the lost pile is HUGE  the deck is loaded with cool lost interrupts, its a trap, control/tvision, and power pivot are the funnest to play twice, plus if (heaven forbid) your used ones get killed like hyper escape those can come back to bite your opponents ass, too.

ground in this deck is really lite, mostly smugglas w/pistols.	its a trap is really handy and no questions asked is awesome- its a sniper every turn w/han and lando.

cards i wanted to add
superficial damage
another lando w/gun
perhaps sub out protector w/chewie w/gun
another no questions asked
noble sacrifice

why no kessel runs? it sounds great to retrieve like 10 force w/raltir captains, but any dark side player with half a clue plays with secret plans.  by the time you end up pulling off a 10 force run, if you spend all your activated force paying for your retrieval you will probably get whaled on next turn for not deploying anything, losing what you just got back and a turn.

match ups

BHBM dont lose fights its easy to technically lose battles with this deck, mob your ships up and use hyper escape well. do some hit n run attacks w/luke then hand him over.

HUnt down OOC/TT will be your only defence against visage, aint no thang if they get cancelled tho since you can play it from the lost pile. usually all they will have in space will be bouny hunter ships that are easy to hit/power pivot with the quad cannons, so spread out and drain.

MKOS this could be a problem. they are really fast, but aim high will slow them down and so will menace fades. same thing applies to space as w/hunt down.

court see MKOS.

TIEs aim high will slow them down, watch out for tallon roll, it will jack your poor freighters up.  your ships are pretty fast so lateral damage is overcomeable.

Xizor obj menace fades will be a hook up here, i havent played against one of these yet however.

ISB see Xizor obj.

as always, constructive criticism welcome.
thanks for lookin
hag
'