---
layout: post
author: ! Geoff "Loaf" Gallo-Cornell
title: ! "Loafs Slave Mains"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-09
description: ! "And thats where i saw a leprachaun. he told me to burn things. ~Ralph Wiggum"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting Stuff(5)
Lars Moisture Farm
HFTMF
Staging Areas
Insurrection
Do or Do Not & Wise Advice

Characters(14)
Owen & Beru Lars x3
Ben Kenobi x2 
Chewbacca 
EPP Leia x2 
EPP Han x2 
Tawass Khaa 
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x3 

Sharp Buzzy Things(2)
Obi Wans Saber
Luke’s Saber

Locations(7)
Cantina
Obi’s Hut
Yoda’s Hut
Hoth War Room
Home One Docking Bay
Tatooine DBay
CC DBay

Interrupts(25)
Beru Stew x2
Sorry About The Mess
Clash Of Sabers
Out Of Commission & TT x2
Tunnel Vision
I Know
Harvest x6
Run Luke, Run  x2
Off The Edge x2
Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach x2
The Signal x2
Weapon Lev x2
Slight Weapons Malfunction

Effects(7)
Traffic Control
Scramble
WYTTPOU x2
Projection Of A Skywalker x2
Bacta Tank
'

Strategy: '

Ok, this deck is pretty simple. Its a beatdown deck with a ton of retrieval, and its tons of fun to play.

Just play it like any other mains deck, except you need to protect owen and beru, but thats not too hard. And if they die during the oppenents turn, luke is a real beast, with tons of beatdown potential. Ill spare you the pointless chatter and just tell you this Protect Owen and Beru, lay the smack down on them, and play harvest. there. now onto why i picked the cards i did

Lars Moisture Farm instead of WYS? well, i didnt want to have to put doubles of lars MF in there, so i just started with it. other benefits of NOT playing with WYS are that i can use ben and leia. they are awesome, so i wanted them, and i wanted them cheap. The other starting stuff is pretty self explanatory, you get out a DB with insurrection, and sit someone there for boosted activation. DoDN/WA kills sense and alter, so do not fear losing all your harvests.

Run Luke Run -- good card, it makes luke even better, and its kinda surprizing, plus it cancels vaders obsession, as if they are stupid enough to duel luke.

Bacta Tank -- recycles mains, nuff said

Proj of a skywalker -- one card saves you force loss for pretty much the rest of the game, that sounds good to me

Grabbers -- do i need to explain?

Scramble -- drop this, then beat the crap out of their pilots, since scrubs are usually pilots, and it also means that walkers dont get a destiny (cause they usually have the DS-61 guys there) and is pretty much immunity to attrition for your EPPs, since it is unlikely that they will be getting a battle destiny. no destiny for you, mara.

Traffic Control -- recycles high destiny cards like jedi lukes, run luke runs, harvests (why youd put that back is beyond me) and other junk at the last minute to raise your differential.

Weapon Lev -- gimme that saber, vader. i dont think snoova needs his vibro axe either. mara can do without her saber too. oh, you can also grab your sabers from your used pile, pretty nice function. very universal card indeed

signal --recyclable 5 that grabs lower destiny cards out of your deck for you, sounds good

bith shuffle/desperate reach -- here ye here ye, imperial barrier is DEAD

off the edge -- this card should be renamed to ”off the hook” cause it rocks

Harvest -- dont make me hurt you. if you need to know what this does, go to the bathroom with a shotgun, vishnu calls you (that comment was put there espcially for you, DFT)

I Know -- free surprize leia. or 2 more battle destiny, you pick

one tunnel vision -- why just one? cause i can retrieve it, and i only use it when im desperate for something (lukes saber, hmm?)

OOC/TT -- bye bye hunt down

Clash of sabers -- cause its foil and awesome

Sorry about the mess -- cause im a MF’in murdera, ha, you’ll f around and get killed.

Beru Stew -- gets you 4 more force, while messing up their tracking, oh, so great

Twix sites -- as good as the DBays, since i dont have to be there to get more activation

tawass -- cause hes cool, and they spelled his gametext wrong on my foil one

EPP han and EPP Leia -- they are in love, what can i say?

owen and beru -- umm, i dont know, so you can play harvest?

cards id like to add
corran horn
Lando W/ Axe x2
Glancing Blow
**your favorite card**

now for some matchups

BHBM -- well, just keep owen and beru safe as you can. beatdowns await them. try to beatdown and run, it should work. havent had luke crossed on me yet.

Hunt Down -- popular in my area. the TTs shut it down, and i can retrive them, so its hard for them to keep visage out (without it hurting them too) for very long, espically with a total of 5 bens/lukes. scramble should mess them up, since brangus, mara, the DS-61-walkerpilots and alot of other guys dont get destinies.

ISB -- invade them try and beatdown on them, since their oh-so-expensive ORS dont get any battle destiny, and are easy targets for han and leia.

MKOS -- their ability to cancel drains and BD’s hurts, but you can over come it. once they run out of their rep, your BD’s will wear them down. han/leia with slight weapons malfunction (easy to get out) get 3 destiny, throw in an i know, and you are up to 5. that should wear them down, even if they have boelo, their rep to cancel one with, and some forfiet fodder.

Prodigy -- not quite sure, i havent seen them around here, but i think i can beat it. if its popular there, throw in a first aid to prevent your people from getting their forfiet reduced by dengar with gun.

Big Blue -- drain race, one you wont win, but since you have mega retrieval, it will be a closer game, and you could win. they are more likely to play something special planned for them then any other deck, so be careful. even with something special out, you can still retrieval a whole lot with the 6 harvets and 2 off the edges

now for the destiny breakdown (minus starting stuff and the Dbays, since they can be pulled from deck)

0 4
1 8
2 3
3 10 (25 3 and below)
4 6 (21 above 3)
5 15
6 5

thats pretty good, considering that most of the lower destinies get out of your deck once you get rolling, since they are the mains and stuff, while your 5s get lost, and recycled back in with harvest.

oh, and the name.. its slave mains cause thats what they do. they work my fields, all day long. owen is lazy, so han and leia usually have to work them for him. so thats why.

please leave some constructive critcism, cause 1 stars that say ”you suck and so does your deck” dont help me very much. go ahead and give me a 1 star, but tell me how to make it better atleast. thanks
-- Geoff ”Loaf” Gallo-Cornell




'