---
layout: post
author: Ryan "_Rx_" McLain
title: 'Big Blue Make`s You Black And Blue'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-04
description: ! 'SYC SD`s. This deck owns space with Imp commands and most of the Imperial Navy. While causing We`re In Attack Position Now damage. It can get ugly and is currently undefeated'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1) 
SYCFA 

Locations(13) 
Death Star 
DS War Room 
DS Central Core 
D DB 
Alderaan 
Fondor 
Mon Calamari 
Kessel 
Sullust 
Tatooine 
TatoineDB 
CCDB 
Tatooine Cantina 

Characters (16) 
Lord Vader 
DVDLOTS 
EPP Vader 
Tarkin 
Thrawn 
Gilad Pellaeon 
Chiraneau x2 
Sarkli 
Evax 
Guri 
Mara Jade, TEH 
Merrejk 
Admiral Piett 
Ozzel 
Godhert 

Starships (10) 
Executor 
Chimaera 
Conquest 
Avenger 
Devastator 
Tyrant 
Stalker 
Bossk in Hound`s Tooth 
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 
Dengar In Punishing 1 

Weapons (2) 
Vader`s Lightsaber 
Mara`s Lightsaber 

Interrupts (7) 
Imperial Command x4 
Omni Box/It`s Worse 
Prepared Defenses 
Ghhhk/Those rebels wont escape us 

Effects (7) 
Lateral Damage x2 
IAO 
Mob Points 
TINT/OE 
Secret Plans 
TBHTP

Admiral1s Orders (4) 
We1re In Attack Position Now x4 
'

Strategy: '

                         ***UPDATE***

OUT Central core, CCDB, TatDB, TAT Cantina, Ghhhk/TRWEU
INCome Here You Big Coward, Kashyyyk, Adm Motti, SSPFT, 
Executor DB  and the TINT/OE is supposed to be just Oppressive Enforcement (combo dosent add to destiny of my SD`s)

get Piett  via Imp Command or drawing and pull merrejk who gets your systems use a Imp Comd for Chiraneau  and drain for tons and use the Imperial Navy`s ”fleet of doom”  to control space and the game I use the D* sites for activation in case merrejk is stubborn and wont show.if I have to I can block a drain with any scrub (see WYS) Thrawn is an an auto 2 destinies and Palleon on the chimarea is tech vs flipping Hidden Base (they can get from system to system) 

WYS . Realistically if you do your destinies right and use the massive power of your destroyers to your advantage, you shouldn’t lose. The Outrider is a pain, use Lateral Damage. The Super Falcon is dangerous, but only if your opponent’s destinies are particularly high. Imperial Command will be helpful I can block drains on the d8 with any scrub, and I take no damage 

Hidden Mains You may not be able to handle the ground power of the mains not on the D* , In space, again the Super Falcon is a problem, but otherwise you should be okay. In this match, speed is essential, get your drains in space set up and secure and start draining like a mofo. 

EBO Dominate systems early. Massive activation makes this fairly easy. Invade Echo Base if you can, you have plenty of power characters that aren’t needed in space. If you hurt them bad enough early on, they won’t be able to challenge you in space later. Resistance is good if you really screw it up 

Test Invade Dagobah with BH ships. Try and kill the apprentice and/or Yoda if you can pull off the invasion. Drain AS FAST AS POSSIBLE , Imp command the super Falcon. battle the Mains     '