---
layout: post
author: Jim "Sex Machine-" Green
title: 'Hunt Down, A Horse of a Different Color'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-19
description: 'Hunt Down/Racing cannot be stopped!'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting(10)
Hunt Down
Epic Deul
Podrace
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Executor: HoloTheatre
Podrace Areana
Visage of the Emporer
Start Your Engines
Wattos Box
Sebulba’s 

Chracters (9)
Lord Vader x4
Sith Vader
Palpatine x2
Tech Mo’r x2

Locations (2)
Hoth Echo War Room x2

Weapons(2)
Vaders Saber

Effects (11)
Visage x2
3720-1 x3
Responsibility of Command x2
Much Anger in Him x2
Reactor Terminal(yes, this card)
No Escape

Interrupts(26)
We Must Accelerate Our Plans x5
Podrace Collision x4
Vaders Obsesion x2
Circle x2
Masterful Move x2
It’s Worse x2
Operational as Planned x3
Counter Assualt x2
Holo Net Transmission x2
Focused Attck x2




Strategy: 

*****Deck Edit***** 
It is vaders saber x2
Drop an Operational as Planned for IAO
Imperial arrest order is the same destiny so that is cool!

In response to reviews:
  TheShroom- , No escape is for honor protection, this deck can take on WYS racing from expierience and there are 28 destinies HIGHER than 4, and yes I told you YISYW can hurt me but you do not need the odds to win. Even if I had 1 or 58965 personas of vader OOC would still do the same thing, know the rules! . Next time read all befor you say stupid things.

Please read all strategy before reveiwing! you comments are apeciated!

I have had many complaints with space!
Why space is not that bad(yet your biggest challenge)!!
Rape a space deck with racing, visage damage, and odds. 
What if it is a space deck and they drop down luke and obi to the ground?
DUEL
Most space decks you see that could do big damage would be x-wing hb race.  Well the race hurts enough. counter assualt those X-Wings your destinies will tear space apart with counter assault. Why? Most space deck count on BATTLING to get all there power and interrupts( so outside of battle the are not as powerful)such as immune to attirtion, during battle power + 3 and so on! S-Foils Smess-Foils they drain before activating S-Fiols! More than likely they will not have more than Jedi Luke Qui-gon and someone like boussh, duel luke so you know have 13 to there two in destiny so odds wrecks them also ROC & MAIH on boussh!(they can’t battle or do anything with boussh anyway she is a skywalker) Battle Qui-Gon hopefully hit him (more than likely you will) then it is back to visage and odds! 
What is the space deck starts odds protection?
Visage the race. More than likly most X-Wing decks start yarna and they will not have odds protection.

Any other ls deck with space will prob just have kessel in the deck to drain at.

You start the deck out like any dark side racing deck, using two force and not letting them draw first time. The race is no problem winning. there are 28 destines HIGHER than 4 so there is no problem getting 5’s and 6’s on the racer. and two 5’s and a 6 win the rac by turn 3.

Dont worry about the early visage lost you will retrieve it shortly. There is 5x we must accelerate our plans to get a podrace collsion out if you face a WYS or RST racing deck. Also we must accelerate our plans lets you grab no escape for honor protection, odds for a mid game surprise and the deadly much anger in him/responsibility of comman combo. Also reactor terminal, why reactor terminal terminal be cause you draw so much for a the stuff you need early also to put doubles back for grimtass protection.

Hold off on deploying Vader until the turn you win the race so you can find a good place to put him. In this high destiny deck with his saber vader holds his own!! Power around 13 the must kill 5 or 6 for attrition plus you more than likly hit someone.

Is 5x We Must Accelerate Our Plans and 4x Podrace Colission excessive?
No, 4x Podrace collisions it needed to take on WYS racing or boom race that can be difficult! 5x We must accelerate our plans? Yes, not only does it help with the podrace immensly but it grabs all the effects that you need to get out early, reactor terminal and No Escape. It also lets you grab odds, and set up ROC/MAIH really fast for 4 force beating! and is a recyclable destiny 5! 

The game goes like this.

Draw and draw and draw and draw and draw to set up your combos and get out the two effects you need. get tech mo’r, palpatine, 2x odds, counter assualt, dueling interrupts , much anger in him,responsibility of command and the hoth war room in hand. So your hand will have generaly around 10 cards in it. mabye and ”it’s worse” if the are saving force. put back doubles, podrace interrupts and such.

By turn 5 your opponent has already lost 20 force and you have retrieve your early game loss. Most light side decks start 7-8 cards and the loss of 20 so your opponent approximatly has around 30 life force left. minus what they have deployed, if any. and thier hand so their reserve deck is looking small. So their game is hurting badly, now you move in.

Where to put tech mo’r and palpatine so they don’t die?

Use tech Mo’r for much anger in him. after they deploy han or leia or a rebel with forfiet more than 4 deploy tech mo’r in front of that character much anger/responsability of command on the war room. yes, beware of on the edge so you can always keep vader along with him. Dont worry about alter, your objective makes it very hard to play. If they have qui gon out they still have to draw a 2. Also IAO is protection for responability of command!

Palpatine can just go to the executor. No spies can take him on. he gets a destiny and more than likely a good one plus he is immunte to attirtion.

Now that palpatine tech and vader are out insert odds! you have a total of 13 to probably their total of 3 so they lose 10!!!

The Odds will be in their reserve deck of about 25 cards so it is not hard to make it pop. say it is about 2 cards down and they stop activating, counter assualt chewy leia and han they have 13, you draw 6,6,and 5 17 they lose 4 so that can kill their hand. plus much anger in him will kill 4 so it pops for loss of 10!

Why not epp vader x5 and take out saber for other cards?

Well vader needs a little protection at battle ground sites. such as imunity, if they come down and battle him and draw a 1 he has to die and that just sucks! what if you dont have another one in your hand? plus lord vader with his saber is a machine!

You also have dueling oppertunities. You can set up a 5,6 and 7 very easily with masterful move, we must accelerat eour plans (op as planned ect ) and visage of the emporer. duel jedi luke focused attack, 5 6 7 subtract 3 but you sill cant lose with that destiny. even if they draw two sixes and subtract 3. Vader has a total of 27 there is now way obi or luke can even come close. this deck can potentialy blind duel very well also! 

Mid game is around turn 7. I had a WYS down to 8 life force left by turn 9 and RST to 13 but turn 10. This deck wrecks so fast it is insane.

race/odds/dueling/and much anger is nuts no rebel deck can with stand the massive force loss it is just to much to fast!

All match ups are about the same 20 force by turn 5 is to much + odds is about to wreck and dueling.

Even if they pack odds protecion it is still ok because of much anger/responsibility of command losing 4 a turn. plus duel obi for 9 and luke for 6 and counter assualt.

counter assualt wrecks RST scouts and WYS freighter captians and palace raiders!
much anger/responability of command is a beast.
Tech Mo’r is the man! Racing/Odds is king!

Hunt Down is still a god and still one of the most powerful decks ever!!

Thank you for reading and reveiwing. Have fun with the deck!

