---
layout: post
author: ! Jason "Mr. Black" Herrin
title: ! "Pile Of Bones"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-11-12
description: ! "Back to the sands of Tatooine..."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (3)
Slave Quarters
Careful Planning 
City outskirts

Locations (4)
Dune Sea
Mos Espa
Jundland Wastes
Lars Moisture Farm

Characters (19)
Shmi Skywalker
Threepio WHPS X2
R2-D2
Artoo
Qui-Gon Jinn X2
Master Qui-Gon
Obi-Wan Kenobi, Padawan X2
Ben Kenobi
Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout X2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Leia, Rebel Princess
Corran Horn
Yoxgit 
Ardon Vapor Crell X2

Weapons (3)
Qui-Gon Jinn’s Lightsaber
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber
Luke’s Lightsaber

Devices (5)
Obi-Wan’s Journal
Hydroponics Station X2
Vaporator X2

Effects (6)
Disarmed
Lightsaber Proficiency
Bacta Tank
Mantellian Savrip
Ultimatum
Honor Of The Jedi

Interrupts (20)
How Did We Get Into This Mess? X4
We’re Doomed X2
It’s A Trap X2
Gift Of The Mentor X2
Mindful Of The Future X2
The Signal x2
Sorry About The Mess X2
Nabrun Leids X2
Run Luke, Run
On The Edge '

Strategy: '

How it plays-

Early Game-
Get Shmi, Threepio, and escort to table. Cycle your cards to get your sites and effects on the table. Start draining as soon as you can, the early pressure will give you an advantage.

Mid Game-
Arden to the table and start getting your farm gear to the table to amp your drains. Make sure you can use your card drawing set up by having your droids at the right sites.

Late Game-
Dig in and drain down. Remeber to retrieve and cycle your cards. Set your destinies up and get your low draws and hold them in hand for battles and such.

Matchups-

BHBM-As always kill the emperor and keep a hit squad at the throne room. Give Luke to Vader and let him eat direct damage from his own objective. Drain to finish the opponent off.

SYCFA/TIES-Start your drains early to get the lead in the drain race. Use a hit squad to control thier ground forces. SATM to get rid of the undercover spies. We’re Doomed will slow your opponent down dramatically as well.

Court-Keep to your drains and set up for some good battles. Obi-Wan’s Journal helps control the capture weapons and Disarmed will take care of some of the other ones. Leia, Rebel Princess and Qui-Gon Jinn will also take the wind out of the alien sails.

Watto’s Deal-Expect big hitters, small drains, and intense battles. Your key cards here are the Bacta Tank and Yoxgit. Retrieval is essential in this match up.

Dark Senate-You can usually just drain them out. If not suicide Luke and Obi-Wan to the senate and Gift Of The Mentor to kill with attrition. Once is usually enough but twice will give you the game.

Walker Garrison-Luke Rebel Scout to Hoth and kill AT-ATs. Drop Qui-Gon Jinn with him and clear sites one at a time. It should be an easy match overall.

Lightsaber Combat-Well I’d be affraid of this deck if it didn’t have one REALLY BIG FLAW. When they are flipped they can’t auto kill your less than 5 ability characters and they can’t intiate battle. Beat them down and simply avoid thier lightsaber combat crap.

Hunt Down-3 different versions; battle, race, and duel. You beat them all the same way, carefully. If they race it slows them down by stacking  thier cards. If they duel just battle them and beat them down. If they battle concentrate your forces and beat him down.

Thats it in a nutshell.

'