---
layout: post
author: ! John "Meditator" Doe
title: ! "Elom Party In Audience Chamber"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-30
description: ! 'It won a game with no cards in my lost pile in a recent tourney . Only loses to Gammoreon MKOS .'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(8)
Agents Of The Court/Elom And Friends
Hutt Trade Route
Audience Chamber
Yarna d’al’ Gargan
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Your Insight Serves You Well
Squadron Assignments
Uh-Oh

Locations(4)
Tattoine Pub/Cantina
JPEntrance Cavern
JPAntechamber
Kessel

Characters(22)
Lando With Vibrator-Axe x2
Tanus Spijek x2
Tessek
Elom x7
Master Luke
EPP Luke
Luke Skywalker
Obi Wan Kenobi
Tawss Khaa
Dash Rendar
Wedge Antilles , Red Squadron Leader
Mirrax Terrix
Figrin D’An
Leesub Sirin

Starships(5)
Artoo In Red 5
Outrider
Red Squadron 1
Home 1
Pulsar Skate

Interrupts(11)
The Signal x3
You Will Take Me To Jabba x2
Nar Shadda WC & Out Of Somewhere x2
Houjix & Out Of Nowhere
Rebel Barrier
Ke Chu Ke Kukuta?
Gift Of The Mentor

Effects(9)
Underworld Contacts
Bo Shuda
Ounee Ta
Bargaining Table x2
Projection Of A Skywalker x2
Goo Nee Tay
Hot Jedi

Weapons(1)
Luke’s Lightsabre










'

Strategy: '

This deck has got what it takes to piss your opponent off . Basically its a moderate retrieval , force drain canceller , huge drain and beatdown deck . Read the strategy before reviewing ........

Here we go.........

You start out with the chamber and hutt trade route . Try to steadily deploy characters until you flip . You should have little problem if your opponent is not playing Tattoine . If he is , pull Bo Shuda out and stack non Rebel chars there . Stack Rebels in Hutt Tarade Route or Cantina(if it is out) . When you feel safe to flip , move your chars out of the chamber , leaving only Tessek and Tanus there . If Figurin is out , leave him there too .


When you flip.......

Block drains with Bargaining Table . Retrieve whenever possible . Use Luke either in space or ground . Wedge and Luke does a lot of damage with Wedge’s gametext . Try to stall opponent from doing whatever he is trying to do . Take it easy on Tattoine because

(1)He won’t blow Tattoine up .
(2)Eloms can battle very well . In Cantina , and  an Imperial present , each of them are power 6 .
(3)At most desperate times , you can always run into Audience Chamber , provided Bubo isn’t there to bite the crap put of you .

However.......

Try not to move Rebels to JP sites because it may allow opponent to cancel Bo Shuda . Never leave only one char in Audience Chamber unless you have Bo Shuda . Always have 2 aliens in each site for the objective benefits .

And now for the matchups..........


BHBM.........

The easiest matchup . You can take Luke out and put far from Vader . Or you can use the EPP Luke over and over again to kill his chars . I myself prefer to give him my EPP Luke at the start so that he loses force . I don’t think he will lose duels . His Imperials will get kicked in the but+ .


HD..........

Keep Luke away from Vader at all cause . The same goes for Obi . You can afford the Visage and you should be able outdrain him .


Alien based decks......

If its Court , take out HOT Jedi and Bo Shuda . He will be losing force if he does not occupy a battlegound(the chamber isn’t after Bo Shuda is out)Slowly stack chars and hold him out using projections . When you are ready , flip . Then thats the end of his sex life . By the way your Eloms are only power 2 even with Tanus . I won a guy by 29 force and no lost pile . His was Court Of The Vile Jabba .



If its MKOS , you are almost screwed . Play it as you would with court and you just might win . (almost unlikely though)


Cards I might want to put in....

EPP Obi
more Eloms
another Tessek
another Bo Shuda



*thats all folks . Tell me if there are cards I should put in this deck . However , its most probally I don’t have those cards .











'