---
layout: post
author: ! michael "Deck" Gemme
title: ! "The GOAT"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-12
description: ! 'Greatest Of All TimeOMDH is sick for LS these days.  '
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start x7
Hidden Base/Slippery Fingers
Marker Planet
Rendevous Point
Heading for the Friggit
SquadAss
Staging Areas
Insurrection

Locations x7
Dagobah
Yoda’s Hut
Tatooine 
Alderaan
Tat docking bay
Home One DBAY
Dbay

Characters x20
Ben Kenobi x3
Luke Jedi Knight x2
EPP Luke 
EPP Leia x2
Capt Han x2
Dash Rendar x2
Tawss Khaa
Melas
Corran Horn
Tycho Chewlie
Derek Kilivan
Wedge
Orrimarko
Lando w/ vibrator

Starships x4
Red Squad 1
Falcone x2
Outrider

Weapons x2
Lukes
Bens

Interrupts x14
Fallen Portal
Weapon Levitation
Gift of the Mentor
Rebel Barrier x2
OOC/TT x3
Glancing Blow
Courage of a Skywalker
I know
Clash of Sabers
Tunnel Vision x2

Effects x5
OMDH x4
Order to Engage

Admiral’s Order
I’ll take the leader '

Strategy: '

This is my Words deck which i adapted after R2 came out.  I haven’t played this deck yet, and i dont know if i ever will... it depends on what you guys do to help me out on it.  

Starting
You start the normal HB stuff. HB, the marker, Rpoint, and the frigate.  With this deck i start SquadAss to get the falcon and outrider and wedge out.  Insurrection to get the docking bays and obviously Staging Areas for the increased generation.

First turn you get Dagobah, yoda’s hut, and a docking bay.  Second turn alderaan and a docking bay, thrid turn tatooine.  I do tatooine last becuase if the DS is playing any of these three systems... its going to be Tatooine, and if they want to put it out, i wont convert it because i would rather have the bigger drain than the extra one activation because this deck already activates like crazy. 

There honestly isn’t much strategy to this game, you play your cards the same for every deck.  Obviously against hunt down duelling you would protect luke and obi wan, but i mean otherwise you just deploy like crazy.  Get as many characters out as you can, especially the super falcon, and you drain.  Battle where necessary and get order to engage out fast.  

Because Outrider makes the OMDH’s go out of play, i put four in there.  Id rather have four of these than two and two signals- 1 because of the destiny, and 2 becasue you cant retrieve with the signals.  One big thing to be careful of is secret plans.  If you dont have enough to pay for the retrieval, it is cancelled.  So if you have too many guys out after secret plans are out, youve been playing stupid because this deck can optimally retrieve 18 force (the most i’ve ever had it up to was 16 at worlds and that was without dash or corran), and it can do this more than once.  


Obviously with OMDH you are targetting either wedge or Han (or whoever else you have piloting the falcon with him) and moving them to alderaan the turn you deploy the utinni effect.  Don’t deploy too early, because if they rebel goes lost, so does the interrupt.  This is all common sense stuff of course. 

For tech, hobbie and tycho are there for wedge.  You stick one of them on the falcon with han, put leia in the back seat and youre drawing 3 destiny and cancelling one... nothing wrong with that.  Dash is also a god in space because he is power 12 (power 6, minus 6 for them) Put Hobbie or Tycho on the outrider for the added bonus of subracting massive power against the super chimaera or executor.  I hate lost interrupts but tunnel visions are clutch for getting the superfalcon out.  I hate to draw up in this kind of deck because there are so many doubles of cards.  Fallen portal is for the mad docking bays, it is also clutch against MKOS and Scum decks that use jabbas palace, because they never suspect that their guys can bite the big one with portal there.  The spaceport docking bay is just another drain site, I usually just put it on tatooine to make JPSD lando more versatile, same for ben kenobi, it just gives them more room to breathe.  Unfortunately there isnt really any other tech to this deck, i like heavy tech, but mains are straightforward.  It’s got duel protection, but if you dont like one of the cards in this deck, throw in another Bens saber, because that would be key.  

Thats really all there is to this deck, originally Alex Tennet made this deck for me for worlds, and it went 2-2 on day 1, and 1-1 in the team tourney.  I have beaten some good players with this deck, and it is pretty solid.  Let me know what you think.
Thanks
Deck
'