---
author: William "FredDurst100" Diniega
title: 'WAIT AND BLEED'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-17
description: 'This is and AOTBS deck that uses outrageous destiny to winna the race and outbattle your opponent. Totally undefeated.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

OBJECTIVE(1)
Agents of the Black Sun(start)

EPIC EVENT(1)
Boonta Eve Podrace(start)

LOCATIONS(6)
Coruscant(start)
Coruscant:Imperial City(start)
Tatooine:Podrace Arena(start)
Tatooine:Jabba’s Palace x2
Jabba’s Palace:Audience Chamber

CHARACTERS(16)
Emperor Palpatine x5
Prince Xizor x3(start)
Vigo x3
Guri
IG-88 with Riot Gun
4-Lom with Concussion Rifle
Aurra Sing
Dengar with Blaster Carbine

STARSHIPS(3)
Boba Fett in Slave1
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

PODRACER(1)
Sebulba’s Podracer(start)

EFFECTS(6)
Watto’s Box(start)
Presence of the Force
No Escape
You Cannot Hide Forever
Secret Plans
Something Special Planned For Them

INTERRUPTS(26)
Start Your Engines(start)
Podracer Collision x6
Elis Helrot x2
Operational As Planned x4
Young Fool x2
Force Lightning x2
Masterful Move x2
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
Ommni Box/It’s Worse x2
Twilek Advisor
Endor Occupation
Point Man
Always Thinking With Your Stomach  

Strategy: 

PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU REVIEW
Yes, I have the cards to make this deck, don’t give me a low rating because you don’t think I have the cards to make this deck. Thank You.


This deck thus far is undefeated and has never lost a podrace. I’ve Force Lightninged Luke, Jedi Knight, Obi Wan and other huge characters then placed them out of play with young fool. The goal of the deck is to win the race with Watto’s Box by turn 4 or 5 at the latest. I’ve won it on turn 3 before. You then mop up whatever they’re able to get out with your characters and ships and spread out on tatooine and drain with Vigos. The deck’s destiny is crazy with 29 5s and 6s and another 8 4s. That’s 37 4s or higher. If you don’t want to start Watto’s Box for fear of losing the race(Though I don’t know why), start Presence on The Capital city to start damacging your opponent when the game starts.

Early game
You want to start the race first turn by flashing your vents. You should get good race destiny. Use the Podrace collisions to remove your opponent’s race destinies if he’s getting to close to winning the race. Try to play a character with Xizor first turn just in case. If you don’t draw an Elis early, drop the presence on the Cap city unless you started it. When you get the Palace and Chamber, Elis Xizor to the palace  and get Palpy and a vigo to the audience chamber. If your opponent brings out Luke, beat him down with the other characters or make him missing with Always thinking with your stomach. You should win the race pretty early costing your opponent heavy force loss.

Mid game
Spread out on Tatooine and drain. Battle anything that comes out. The destiny in this deck is crazy so you should have no problem causing your opponent to lose many characters at a time. If you have people with Palpy, go ahead and try to Force Lightning their biggest guy. Don’t try it on Qui Gon though. I’ve seen some retards do it before. Try to place all your opponents main characters out of play with Young Fool. You can also use the force lightning with Iggy with gun to capture someone big like Qui Gon. You should run your opponent out of characters near the end of the game.

End game
At the end of the game when your opponent has no characters, spread out on Tatooine and drain him out. You should have no problem.

MATCHUPS

vs WYS
If it’s a beat down, don’t deploy much except for droids until you win the race. If you want to, battle with the droids, Guri should be a big help. If you have to get characters out, make sure Guri’s with them so they don’t get lots of destinies. Go and destrou Luke whenever he comes out. If you sense that it’s a racing WYS, don’t start Watto’s Box, just in cast they are playing heavy race interrupts like A step backward.

vsRST
This might be a hard one. Try and win the race before they blow the bunker. If you feel like retrieving what you lose from it, hold of the race unless your opponents doing well in it. Go and send characters to take out luke or make him missing with Always thinking eith stomach. If he has tons of characters with Luke, send a whole crew to battle and kill or capture Luke.

vsHB
Win the race and spread out on Tatooine to drain them out before they drain you. Use the bounty hunter ships to probe for the Hidden Base. Try and figure it out on the first try. If it’s hidden mains, win the race as fast as possible to get your opponent to lose characters, then beat down anything, especially Luke. Pretty much stick to the game plan.

vsMWYHL
Win the race and hope they lose some jedi tests. Spread on tatooine and drain for as much as possible. If you want to, start the Presence on Cap City so you can start pinging your opponent for force early.

vsPROFIT
Try and out battle your opponent on the ground. Hope that they release Han before you win the race so they don’t retrieve the whole loss back. If it’s a Han with power<4, go ahead and win the race early. Hit him with tons of attrition to take out multiple characters a battle. Take over tatooine and drain him.

vsEBO
Win the race early and spread and drain as quickly as possible. The 22 force swing should be enough to cripple your opponent.

vsMBO
I don’t see this in my area but win the race quickly once again. If he doesn’t start Insurrection, Do elis beatdowns on his guys on Yavin. I always see Luke doing the Attack Run so your objective should stay flipped. Drain him out in the late game.

vsQMC
Win the race early and spread and drain on tatooine, try and beatdown luke if you can and if he has him at an exterior site, make him missing.
I’ve never played against this deck yet. I should playtest against it though.


Well, that’s all that I can think of right now. This decks record right now is 8-0 in sanctioned play and 7-0 in playtest play.

I hope you have fun with it.


William Diniega 