---
layout: post
author: ! Eric "YOYOY" Bailey
title: ! "My Kind Of Machine v. 2.0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-17
description: ! 'MKOS thats quite fun to play. Not to mention that fact that its pretty good.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
My Kind Of Scum/Fearless And Inventive
Tatooine Desert Heart
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace
Pote Snitkin (Rep)
Prepared Defenses
Power Of The Hutt
Secret Plans
First Strike

Locations (5)
Tatooine
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba’s Palace Lower Passages
Jabba’s Sail Barge Passenger Deck

Characters (18)
Skrilling x2
Snoova
Mighty Jabba
Chall Bekan
Mercenary Pilot
Boelo
Ephant Mon
Brangus Glee
Bib Fortuna
Mosep
J’Quille
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
IG-88 With Riot Gun
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle

Creature (1)
Bubo

Weapons (2)
Disruptor Pistol
Stun Blaster

Starships (4)

Dengar In Punishing One
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
Stinger

Vehicles (3)
Jabba’s Sail Barge
Skiff
Racing Skiff

Effects (5)
Scum And Villainy
Hutt Influence
Reactor Terminal
No Escape
Ability, Ability, Ability

Interrupts (15)
Twilek Advisor x3
Masterful Move
Projective Telepathy
Sense
Alter & Collateral Damage
Abyssin Ornament
Set For Stun
Weapon Levitation
Jabba’s Through With You
Jabba’s Twerps
Ghhhk
Main Course
Imbalance '

Strategy: '

Strategy

v. 2.0 Added Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle, Snoova (and an Axe), Alter & Collateral Damage, Stinger, Masterful Move, Projective Telepathy, changed Rep and species to Skrillings (higher destiny, power, and forfeit), and other changes.

     This deck starts you off with at least 5 Force. Let’s say the opponent gives you 0 Force. On your first turn activate 5, deploy Audience Chamber from Reserve, deploy Jabba’s Sail Barge to Jabba’s Palace from Reserve, deploy Passenger Deck from Reserve, end your turn. Second turn, activate 9. During your deploy phase, search Reserve for Ephant Mon with Power Of The Hutt. Make sure him, Chall Bekan, and Mercenary Pilot are in there (Reserve Deck) or in your hand. Then, deploy Ephant to the Passenger Deck for 3 (Barge text), then deploy Chall to Chamber for 4, search deck for Mercenary Pilot with his text, deploy the Mercenary Pilot onto the Sail Barge for free (-1 for Barge, -1 for Chall). Then, during your move phase, move Chall onto the Barge, with Merc Pilot driving. Draw the one card left. If the opponent gives you any more Force, you can do more stuff like deploying stuff to the Barge for -2, deploy a Disruptor Pistol onto Merc Pilot, etc. So this deck has a very nice start. Card choices

Skrillings
     Destiny 4, power 2 (or 4) forfeit 3 (or 4). They’re mainly just used to flip the Objective. Grab them with Abyssin Ornament.

J’Quille
     This guy is so underrated. Power 4 spy that can exclude characters. Even though he’s deploy 5 forfeit 3, his deploy is lowered easily with this deck, and his forfeit can become 5 if you flip and no non-Tatooine locations are on table.

Pote Snitkin
     Another underrated guy, adds 3 to power of one of the Skiffs, and makes it move as a react for free, which is really cool. He’s your Rep too, but you probably won’t be using him for that purpose.

Stinger
     Just a nice backup independent ship. I know I don’t have Guri, but still.

Bubo
     Utility. Can either get rid of Undercover spies, pesky people like Tessek or someone else, or can be used to kill some scrub before a battle.

Disruptor Pistol/Stun Blaster/Vibro Axe
     Exclusion. The Pistol makes ’em immediately lost, the Blaster sends them to hand, the Axe excludes them from battle, with the possibility of battling that character again next turn. The Pistol is best on Merc Pilot, the Blaster is good on any warrior that doesn’t have a permanent weapon, and the Axe is, of course, best on Snoova.

Racing Skiff
     I could’ve just used another Skiff, but I like using one of each. The Racing Skiff can deploy as a react along with moving as a react, has a higher destiny, higher maneuver, and by having one of each I have a little protection against Grimtaash.

Ability x3
     Direct damage. Ability x3 also has the added benefit of forcing your opponent to deploy a character, then you can commence with a beatdown. It’s also nice in the endgame.

Main Course
     Cancel Frozen Assets or subtract from opponent’s attrition and power, destiny 5, good card.

Projective Telepathy
     You can sometimes get lucky and cancel a battle the opponent initiated, if they have 0 or 1 Force left. Another trick is to initiate a battle with Scum out, retrieve 3, they lose 1, then play this on yourself, cancel the battle, move away. An easy 4 Force swing.

Imbalance
     A Used Interrupt destiny 4 that makes the opponent lose Force? Yes please Really aggravates the opponent with Secret Plans.

     Beatdowns are great with this deck. 4-LOM, IG-88, Mighty Jabba, Merc Pilot, EPP Boba, and Jabba’s Through With You can all add destinies while Pote (Objective) and Boelo can cancel destinies. The weapons, J’Quille, maybe Bubo, and Set For Stun exclude characters, and with Scum out, every battle you initiate you retrieve 3 Force and opponent loses a Force, a 4 Force swing before the battle even really starts. Matchups

Speeders
     Stay inside. Fortify at the interior sites. Take every advantage to beatdown when possible, if any opportunity arises. Ghhhk may come in handy. Use No Escape to get it back into hand if you need to. If this is really a problem in your area, you could change the deck accordingly, maybe adding Gailid.

AITC/Profit
     Tough matchups, just because they mess you up at the beginning if they start Jabba’s Palace. Against AITC, you may want to start the Chamber or Lower Passages depending on what they do. Profit isn’t a big problem in my area, if it is in yours, just make some changes. If they go outside, beatdown. The Barge is a tank, being immune to attrition with someone at the Passenger Deck, who still participates in battles at the Barge’s site. Against Profit, start with Mighty Jabba and Chall Bekan (take Mercenary Pilot into hand, which is perfectly legal).

Mains
     Whether it’s HB fakeout, MWYHL, Throne Room, or whatever, just stay on Tatooine as much as you can. You don’t need much Force from them, considering what you can deploy from Reserve Deck and the cards that make your characters deploy less. Don’t spread too thin, and beatdown whenever possible. This can be a tough matchup if they stay off Tatooine.

Space
     EBO, Hidden Base, whatever. Your ships, while decent, are only good enough to either sit at Tatooine or for maybe a one-time beatdown. If they spread too thin, beatdown somewhere. Keep in mind that 4-LOM adds a battle destiny on ZiMH. Drain on the ground for all that you can, and if they ever come to Tatooine, beatdown. Probably the toughest matchup, this deck has some problems against EBO.

     In general, play reactive, don’t make the first move if you don’t have to, and beatdown whenever possible. If you do spread thin, be sure to have a Skiff or 2, preferably with Pote driving one, so you can always react. Any help or comments are welcome, thanks, I’m still working on this deck. '