---
layout: post
author: ! Travis "Com Igar" Rumans
title: ! 'Jedi Council Mains'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-08-28
description: ! 'Manipulate the drek out of your reserve to get what you need and the destinies you want.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start (5)
Jedi Council Chamber
HFTMF
Insurrection/Aim High
Staging Areas
A Tragedy Has Occurred (Typically)

Locations (2)
Home One DB
Hoth Echo Base DB

Effects (5)
Squadron Assignments 
A Vergence in the Forcex2
Goo Nee Tay
Mantellian Savrip

Characters (22)
Mirax Terrik
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Nekkid Threepio
Ric Olie
Jar Jar
Corran Horn
Lieutenant Williams
Pamde Naberrie
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knightx2
Qui Gon Jinnx2
Obi Wan Kenobix2
Han with Gunx2
Plo Kloonx2
Depa Billabax2
Mace Windu
Yoda, Senior Council Member


Weapons (3)
Obi’s Saber
Luke’s Saber
Qui Gon’s Saber

Interrupts (19)
Speak With the Jedi Councilx2
Bith Shuffle/Desperate Reachx2
On The Edgex2
Smoke Screenx3
Don’t Get @#$%y
Free Ride/Endor Celebrationx2
Clash of Sabers
Gift of the Mentor
OOC/TTx2
We Wish to Board At Once
SATM/BP

Ships (4)
Home One
Falcon
Radiant VII
Queen’s Ship '

Strategy: '

The Jedi Council let you manipulate destinies a lot. Depa is awesome with Threepio or Mirax out in case the top card is something you want in your hand, and Plo Kloon is used mainly defensive to keep your guys from getting hit by sabers although the option to make sure you hit is there and you might need it if Maul+TPM is running around.
Use the Staging Areas/Insurrection trick to get lots of good activation without giving up any. Fanfare is really underplayed right now, but if you see it, the deck doesn’t really need the extra activation to function.
Most people use only Mirax or Threepio but using both lets you cycle your deck twice as fast, and Mirax is a good forfeit pilot and a good character to drop at a db for activation.
Aside from setting up some Jedi Council guys, this is mainly a reactive deck--you go after your opponent. Vergence in the Force can help a lot if they lock down a huge drain site. Smoke Screen is an obvious choice with so many high ability characters (Are You Brain Dead? was in an earlier version of the deck, but if the Council Members leave the chamber its usually only late game to help me get more guys to spread out and win the drain race.) 
Jar Jar and Corran are mainly to get your mains where they shouldn’t be. That Jar Jar easily bombs all the droids running around now is a nice bonus.
Clash might be replaced with other beatdown tricks if I start seeing lots of Crush (Jedi Presence is a good one for this deck; Qui Gon, Luke, and Han would get like 26-30 power.)
Savrip keeps your guys alive longer than they really should be, which is really irritating to your opponent when you’re invading is turf. Ships and spare JC members make good savrip fodder.

Matchups
vs Space
Many mains decks that use try to give their opponent no force are really weak vs. space because they have few ships and can’t really drain on the ground. This is why I have SquadAss as an alternate start to help you get the Falcon, Radiant, and Queen’s Ship out. I use the EP1 ships for the immunity to lateral damage because space decks will always drop this on you to beat you down if you come to play. Ric on his ship is a pain to deal with, especially if Savrip is around. Use your destiny manip tricks to try to get good draws. Williams is also difficult to deal with because -3 to total destiny often keeps it below his immunity. If they’re a start that gives you a bg site (like Endor Ops or even SYCFA) you can try to set up Mace/Padme direct damage by holding it. Although you have fewer ships, with Savrip, the EP1 tricks, and destiny manip, your ships won’t die and theirs will. On The Edge helps you outlast them. Vergence hurts a lot because there’s only so many good drain systems in a space deck; most use three, so if you can control on and vergence the other two you can come out ahead.

vs. Speed Deal
They give you a lot of icons, so you should save after pulling Yoda. The trick is to drop two threats they don’t want to deal with in the same turn. Most Speed Deal decks have bad space so you should Start Squad and get out some ships to the system and CC and start draining them. Vergence helps a bunch.

vs. Scum
Qui Gon often takes over the AC by himself; Clashing Jabba or Ephant Mon gives the perfect beatdown opportunity, and their forfeit isn’t so good so Smoke Screens will take their toll (and get around Boelo, who should be one of your first saber targets). You’ll want to move fairly quickly, if possible, before they get a MASSIVE AC pile.

vs. Walker Garrison
Smoke Screen with Qui Gon will kill lots of their walkers. Watch out for Ice Storm. Lots of these decks set up a bit in space, so keep some ships handy.

vs. Hunt Down
Hmm...well, Hunt Down got a new helper effect, but I haven’t seen a post-Coruscant Hunt Down deck yet...it seems we’re trying to balance the desire to start the Maul dueling effect (and maybe TPM) with the last big version of Huntdown, HD/Podracing. Either way, just battle them a lot; Corran or Jar Jar can invade the Executor if you can’t keep Visage dead (or prefer to cancel TPM). Against racing, you start Aim High, and the activation of most HD/P decks isn’t that great so it will shut them down a turn to get their retrieval. There won’t be many battlegroudns in this match up, so taking control of the ones that are are key. 

vs. Watto Objective
Kill Watto with a saber. If they don’t have the force to pay for Aim High you can use 8 to send him the used pile. A beatdown at Mos Espa is a good way to keep them on the 0 side. You can save 2 force to call their bluff, and then use it to Mirax or Depa after their deploy phase.

vs. Senate
Well, most Senate decks are other deck types with more bonuses, so just play them as per whatever, but keep a bigger hand size. Battle them at docking bays or Naboo or Tatooine or wherever. They may try to invade the Council Chamber, but dealing with a pile of Jedi Masters who are all immune to attrition is tough. You can use Yoda to relocate Luke, Obi, and Qui Gon later if you need them to battle here. The main thing is to keep your hand bigger than you normally would. Goo nee Tay will help if they’re using Miyoom, as will just killing her (they can’t put her at the senate cause her text is canceled). 

vs. Other Stuff
Well, mostly, just cycle your deck to get what you need and outbattle them; the deck’s mainly reactive. '