---
layout: post
author: ! Chris "Christo" Cicconi
title: ! 'No I didnt steal this Profit/racing from Avatar!!!'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-06-30
description: ! 'Harc Serf?Bomarr Monk?DAMN STRAIGHTAnd why not some racing too?'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(9)
Profit/Be Destoryed
TatJabba’s Palace
JPAudience Chamber
General Solo
Podracer Prep
TatPodrace Arena
Anakin’s racer
Boonta Eve Podrace
Seeking An Audience

Locations(4)
TatCantina
TatCity Outskirts
JPEntrance Cavern
TatObi’s Hut

Characters(19)
B’omarr Monk x2
Boushh
Leia w/Blaster
Obi, Padawan Learner
Ben Kenobi
Artoo
Threepio w/his parts showing
Chewie, Protector
Master Luke x2
Luke, Jedi Knight
Qui-Gon x2
Harc Seff
Padme
Han w/Blaster 
Corran Horn
Lando w/Ax

Interrupts(19)
Sorry about the mess/blaster prof
Tunnel Vision x2
A Jedi’s Resilience
Slight Weapons Malfunction
Jedi Presence
Weapon Levitation
Losing Track x2
Blaster Deflection x2
Too Close for Confort
Narrow Escape
You Will Take Me to Jabba Now
Someone Who Loves You
Dodge
Changing the Odds
Gift of the Mentor
OOC/TT

Effects(5)
Goo Nee Tay
Ounee Ta
The Camp
Ultimatum
A Gift

Weapons(3)
Luke’s Saber
Qui-Gon’s Saber
Obi Wan’s Saber

Epic Event (1)
I Did It


'

Strategy: '

I’d just like to add in for a certain person, WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU SAW SPACE IN A PROFIT DECK??? Takes up too much space, I’d rather have the extra interrupts.
Now that I think of it I probably should play another Dodge, instead of one of the Blaster Proficiencys.
Well there’s some major retrieval in this deck, with the race, Han and I Did It. At the start pull naked Threepio to go threw your deck and pull all the sites out of there. Then grab Artoo and set up a gift. Artoo/A Gift and The Camp annoys the hell out of anybody playing Court and MKOS decks. 
I’d probably like to have another Han W/Blaster instead of the General Solo, but since I don’t have one Gen Solo it is. He’s not bad, immune <3 which helps a little, and he can cancel a destiny with Chewie or a scout. Always nice to have him with Ben Kenobi just incase (which I’d like to have another of too, to replce the Kenobi, PL). But Kenobi,PL is good to back up that Monk you have draining alone. 
Against Hunt down there’s no problem because you should be able to run away easy enough vs. their few characters or stick it up to battle if you’ve got enough to win.
Agents always gave me a problem, especially my friends who uses 3 Helrots to jump on me.
I’ve never played this against TIE’s and BHBM, so it is rather untested. 
Against Set your Course, yeah whatever, until he flips you lose next to nothing so just wait for it and retrieve, if you play it right you can win easily with your drains. I beat a guy by 42 that way.
Stick the Monks at a 2-1 sight to get an extra drain or at Obi’s Hut, and Seff well he’s great if the opponent is chasing you down with an army, keep close enough to reduce the draining.

And I guess that’s that.  '