---
layout: post
author: ! Nathan "Xavier Six" Cardamone
title: ! "Hmmm           "
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-28
description: ! 'Oh....'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (6)

Ralltir Operations/In the Hands of the Empire
Ralltir
Prepared Defences
You Cannot Hide Forever
Imperial Arrest Order
Fanfare


Locations (7)

Rendili 
Forest 
Spaceport Docking Bay 
Spaceport Prefect’s Office 
Spaceport Street 
Swamp 
Death Star II Docking Bay 

Characters (18)
Darth Maul 
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand  x2
Darth Vader With Lightsaber  x2
Sim Aloo 
Grand Admiral Thrawn 
Janus Greejatus 
Grand Moff Tarkin 
Commander Igar 
DS-61-3 
Royal Guard  x5
Emperor Palpatine  x2

Vehicles (1)
Tempest 1 

Starships (6)
Chimaera 
Accuser 
Dengar In Punishing One 
Boba Fett in Slave I 
IG-88 in IG-2000 
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter 

Interrupts (9)
Force Field 
Force Lightning 
Dark Jedi Presence x2  
It’s Worse 
Trample 
Signal x3

Effects (11)
Early Warning Network 
Expand The Empire  
Imperial Decree 
Mobilization Points 
Presence Of The Force  x2
Secret Plans 
Security Precautions 
There Is No Try & Oppresive Enforcement 
Lateral Damage 
Mostly Armless

Weapons (2)
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber 
Maul’s Lightsaber '

Strategy: '

Before Strat I want to point something out to my fellow decktechers. I review decks alot... and I mean alot and I also read every review on every deck I review. It helps me figure what the mindset of players these days are...
You guys are nuts... and mean too. I’ve seen 20 decks given horrible reviews and insulted because they started Mobilization Points... cause Don’t Do That Again... Why are you nuts? As said I review lots of decks and read almost all of them and let me tell you that in the last 48 hours all but two lightside decks submitted haven’t played DDTA at all (and one of them now says they don’t). Hell you guys don’t just not start it... you plain don’t use it. Figuring out who’s using it isn’t that hard either. If their racing... no. If they start a planet (... no. If they need key effects (EBO and MBO)... no. Profit... maybe check the Han they deploy if General probably not. Agents... possible check the agent if their using an actual agent then probably not. Rescue Leia... not unless their nuts that deck is hard enough without wasting a starter. HB... no... your kidding they give battleground systems. Good in Him... good chance especially if they play scout luke. Training... normal no but maybe. Non-objective... most no but any that start Slave Quarters is trouble. And if your still worried play Your Insight and pull it when you see they don’t have it.

Ahh... that was long. Anyway that said I usually start Mob. not Fanfare(the dark side of DDTA ironically). I posted different to show you can. 

First off flipping isn’t the big point of this deck, it is a perk if they stop you it’s okay. Your there to battle and drain big. 

Second stress on getting as much force generation out as possible use Presense on Ralltir itself. If possible deploy Early Warning to DB... this is huge because most your ship deploy free when they go to Ralltir as Reacts. 

Third... use fanfare to pull mostly armless when you need it.

Signal For What you Need.

Battle and Drain... use Force Field and Lighting used only to protect your Sith and hammer Jedi. Expanded either the forest for immunity or the Prefect office for power and forfeit +3.

Your have three Dark Jedi and lots of Imperials, use your two DP’s only when your sure it’s devastating. 

On the occasions when your objective is flipped use it’s bonus’s to their fullest. 


'