---
author: Fax "Jackson Five" Pâque
title: 'WYS "big fight" style'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-06-30
description: 'This post-tatoine deck worked very well in play testing and dont fear his name is anakin. included  a little podrace module.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

starting (8):
WYS
Boonta eve podrace
podrace prep
podrace arena
tatoine docking bay 94
cantina
tatooine
squadron assignement
anakin’s podracer

extra locations (2):
tatooine lars moisture farm

characters (17):
luke with lightsaber (2)
palace raider (5)
melas
artoo and threepio
han with heavy blaster pistol (2)
owen and beru lars (2)
dash rendar
talon karrde
wedge antilles
mirax terrik

effects (6): 
beggar
grabber
tatoine celebration
menace fades
ounee ta 
draw their fire

interrupts (14):
triple card 
run luke run
control / tunnel vison (2)
the signal (2)
fallen portal
harvest (2)
losing track 
ooc/tt
either way you win
artoo i have a bad feeling about this
narshada wind chimes / out of somewhere

vehicules (5):
patrol craft (5)

starships (4) :
milenium falcon
outrider
pulsar skate
red squadron1

admiral’s order (2):
i’ll take the leader (2)

purple (1):
i did it


Strategy: 

excuse my english please.

i receaved some reviews about chewie and lando just take out one patrol craft and one palace raider to put them in.

Why i didn’t put red10 and his pilot is simple in my area space is not very present in dark side decks. 

Wht about kessel? i prefere to control all my tatoines sites correctly but if u want to put in, its ur choice.

this deck is very easy to play:

if you see that ur opponent is playing a ground based deck first of all control the tatoine system it will garantee you a drain of 1 every turn. aftre that i start the race and if try to control my tatooines sites. never go to another planet except if u cant do anything else.

if u remain on tatooine u will out retreive him so he will have to come. And if he come on tatooine he is dead it is so easy as that.
Occupy exterior sites with patrol crafts. and cantina with big characters like han, wedge, melas. if he come to the cantina u will explose him with ur multiple destinies and hudge power.

if he come outside simply react, fallen portal and every thing u want generaly ur destines will eject him from tatooine.

Now i will explain some cards i have put in:

either way you win: hudge retreival and activation very funny to play against those nasty dark deck who dont give u much activation.

losing track a 6’s destinie who is a god when u dont want ur opponent to draw a high destinie. i have nether used the podrace version because a damaged podracer is as strong as a normal if ur opponent has good race’s draws it will not hurt him to lose 1 force evry turn.

2 x i will take the leader : bacause it is a god card against space deck and u can recircle it by deploying the second one. and it’s a 6’s   ;)


this deck is a good one he can defeat any deck if u play it well. so take care of it.

thats all please dont rate my english rate only my deck  