---
layout: post
author: ! Wai Bien "Gemsword" Wong
title: ! 'Tourney Winning Alien Profit - Malaysian Style'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-30
description: ! 'This is the Alien profit deck which I won a recent local tourney with. Read my tourney report for details :)'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective 1
You Can Either Profit By This .... Or Be Destroyed

Starting 6
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Han (Jedi Pack)
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Uh-Oh
Insurrection
One optional starting Effect

Locations 4
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Home One Docking Bay
CLoud City Platform 327 (Docking Bay)

Characters 23
Elom x 9
Tanus Spijek
Tessek
Rennek
Tawss Khaa
Oola
Boushh
Daughter of Skywalker
Lando With Vibro-Ax 
Ben Kenobi x 2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x 2
Chewbacca Protector
Corran Horn

Weapons 2
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber
Anakin’s Lightsaber

Effect 8
Bo Shuda
Do Or Do Not / Wise Advice
Staging Areas
Goo Nee Tay
Bargaining Table
Order To Engage
Aim High
Honor Of The Jedi


Interrupts 16
It’s A Trap x 2
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes / Out Of Somewhere
You Will Take Me To Jabba Now x 4
The Signal x 3
Rebel Barrier x 2
Fallen Portal x 2
Effective Repairs
'

Strategy: '

Some basic stats.

Average destinies not including Tessek & Tanus and the docking bays and DODN/WA, Bo Shuda = an above average 3.53.  - and with each of your character on table it will only go up. It’s not uncommon to draw 4 or 5s blindly at all.
In addition all interrupts are Used Interrupts except for Effective Repairs unless you use it to cancel the near extinct Limited Resources ) and possibly It’s A Trap so that helps with differential somewhat as well.
9 of them can be recyclable anytime and you can recycle Rebel Barrier quite easily as well by using it on your opponent’s cards even when they are not threatening you and the game is near sealed.
This is a updated version of Justin Warren’s A-Team Profit (got his permission thanks). I was trying to design an Elom Profit deck until I stumbled on his similar design.
This strategy draws from Justin’s deck but with some of my own revisions.

Alien Profit is a much more stable deck especially if your playing style is a more patient and strategic one. Do not play this if you like to beatdown.
Speed or just plain main & toys Profit however are vulnerable to Hunt Down, BHBM and scores of other decsk out there. Eloms are also more resistant to Odds (Han as a captive is not counted for Odds)This was the reason I went for this version. In addition I did not want to play WYS nor Hidden Mains.
With 3 Signals, 4 YWTMTJN & 2 Chimes it is a simple matter to draw Bo Shuda, OTE and an alien into the Audicence Chamber. This will allow to you to free Han at your leisure and protect it as well. There are two ways for your opponent to commonly clear the Audience Chamber - Sniper or Budo.
Rennek stops Budo while It’s A Trap cancels Sniper. Even if he did get rid of some of your characters, you have a total 16 aliens in the deck. More than enough to force your opponent from the Chamber with OTE.
As to defending the OTE, always, always start with DODN/WA if there is even the slightest chance of your opponent playing SAC. Once again the 3 Signals should help you pull OTE quickly even if Altered early.
And with retrieval either from Chimes or Han rescue as well as the backup Effective Repairs, you should be able to deal with the rare Point Man as well.
If there’s little risk of Budo, the first alien you should full should be Tessek (remember to activate 1 extra when he deploys Vader - I did not), followed by Oola and then Tanus Spijek 
With a conceivable 19 force retrieval, you’d be playing with a near 80 card deck. On top of that you are able to cancel drains with Bargaining Table making damage to you quite limited.
This allows you to play conservatively - letting you to have a chance to see where are your opponent’s strong and weak locations, and taking the opportunity to make strategic strikes against the weak points. 
Another trick is ;etting your opponent over deploy and then invading High drains locations with spies and non-unqiue aliens with Tessek sitting in the Chamber. Juicy locations include DSII Throne Room, Executor Meditation Chamber and Holotable. 
There are 4 spies to help you accomplish this. You would also find that you would then to drain at your opponent’s own locations.
Else you can save up force and hit some of his weaker locations with Tawss, Corran, Ben, Jedi Luke, Lando, Daughter and Chewie.
Last resort is to just flip and hold four of your five locations, all of which allows you to drain extra with a non-unique Elom, cause profit damage and protect with Fallen Portals . It’s A Trap & Rebel Barrier also protects your characters from beatdowns
And really, really last result, Power 5 Deploy 2 Eloms beatdowns .... 
Match Ups
Vs BHBM, give them Jedi Luke early and encourage him to bring him for dueling. You can wait, retrieve and cancel his drain while he eats his own Objective. 
BHBM decks are also not very high drain objectives and vs Elom boosted drains, they are not going be able to outlast you. Invade DSII after they overdeploy.
Vs Hunt Down. 
It is not a problem that I don’t play with Transmission Terminated. Honor, 4 spies and near guaranteed retrieval makes it normal for Visage to hurt your opponent more than you. 
Try to find a good opportunity to drain at the Executor - drain 3 with Eloms and Tessek.
Also if he leaves Emperor, Mara, Sim Aloo or Janus alone, beatdown with multiple Eloms. Keep away from Vader unless necessary.
Trick - if he had deployed Vader to Tatooine put Jedi Luke at a place he cannot get to without a docking bay eg. Endor Docking Bay - he will be stuck if he does not play with a generic or Tatooine docking bay. Do not deploy yours of course) And if vice versa he deploys to eg DS or CC Docking Bay, deploy Ben or Jedi Luke at Tatooine Jabba’s Palace with an alien (to keep Bo Shuda going) and his Vader will be stuck again. If he takes Vader back into hand, Oola him away.
Vs Ties
Guaranteed retrieval and Bargaining Table should slow down the damage. Then profit damage, Elom boosted drains should easily give you the upper hand. TIEs will also give you a lot of force to Oola away any possible ground beatdowns. 
Get out Aim High to seal the game. Nearly always a quick win. PS trick - continually ask them how much power they have at certain systems - so you can pretend that you have ships when you don’t )
Vs Court or MKOS
Much more difficult matchup but luckily most people don’t pack Chall with an extra CC Engineer anymore. If you end up with a unfortunate conversion of your sites. Risk deploying to Home One with Staging Area Out. And Signal for Bo Shuda quickly. 
However Court & MKOS don’t have as much battle power as a hardcore Hunt Down, so Ben Kenobi , Jedi Luke, JPSD Lando, Tawss, Corran, and other mains should be able to give it a run for it’s money. 
Note that when Tatooine comes out with Anti-Alien decks this would become even more powerful - so long as you keep away from Vader and Maul)
Your destinies are also high enough to exclude stuff and attrition away his aliens. Goo Nee Tay and Aim High will also hinder their deployment and retrieval respectively.
Vs ISB
You will still be able to drain 1 and profit damage 1 at each Tatooine location even with an ISB agent down. And after freeing Han you can move him out, with protection and make the Audience Chamber a drainable site as well.
If it’s the space version, the extra force gen from his systems will also allow you to Oola him effectively to spread, drain and profit him to death with little risk.

Improvements
Force Generation can be a problem in this deck so I might swtich in a Yoda’s Hut or a Rendezvous Point
With 3 non-Undercover spies, an Undercover or two might squeeze your opponent even further. Esp when you have 3 Signals to help you get them.
'