---
layout: post
author: ! Ryan "CmdCorranH" Austin
title: ! "Dark Squadron FINAL"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-01
description: ! 'My tie deck that beats almost any deck. This will be my last post of this deck.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(8) 
Endor Ops 
Endor 
Endor DB 
Endor Bunker 
Prepared Defences 
Mob Points 
Power of the Hutt 
There is No Try/Oppressive Enforcement 

Locations(3) 
Wakeelmui 
Sullust 
Kashyyk 

Characters(4) 
U-3PO 
Commander Merrejk 
Arica 
Ephant Mon 

Ships(13) 
Tie Interceptor X 8 
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser x2 
The Emperors Shield 
The Emperors Sword 
Dengar in P1 

Weapons(3) 
SFS L-s9.3 Laser Cannons X 3 

Admirals Order(1) 
Fighter Cover 

Effects(10) 
Dark Waters X 2 
Hell To Pay X 2 
Sienar Fleet Systems 
Dreaded Imperial Starfleet 
Presence of the Force x2 
Ominous Rumors 
Imperial Decree

Interrupts(18) 
Twilek Advisor X 3
Operation as Planned x2
All Power To Weapons X 3 
Relentless Pursuit x2 
Main Course 
Ghhhk/Rebel 
Ghhhk 
Overload X 2 
Flawless Marksmanship 
Short-Range Fighters x2 
'

Strategy: '

RESPONSE TO REVIEWS
Marmoset X - Yes this deck will probably be toast after Tatooine comes out but right now the only way to hit Ephant Mon is to use Revolution or use choke and then deploy a spy. Both of those are in few decks and hey, that’s why I have 2 Ghhhk. I’m fine till Tatooine comes out.

hoostino - Ya I did get this deck idea from Rraveling but I have changed the whole platform and the deck play. Also thanks for the spelling tip -)

 kazper Ya Secret Plans would be nice to have but I tried it once and it really wasn*t worth it. Also Nnumbers is dead in my area so it is not worth adding YCHF.

  adrock  - Yes Corran kills Mara, but that is also what I have 2 Ghhhks for. I get my systems out fast and get some massive drains  going. Also Dark Waters is so good because most decks, once they figure out that you have no ground, will spread drain on the ground. Dark Waters stuffs 2 drains at docking bays. That is worth 2 cards. I also have Dreaded Imperial Starfleet so I have more drain cancelers then just the spies. My retrival and drains are just to much and anything that comes to space dies.

Texan - Dude I have grabbers to stop retrieval. 

END RESPONSES

Changes to this version. I pulled out Well Guarded and added Operation as Planned x2 (better Grimtaash protection) as well as adding Imperial Decree (sweet as it is so easy to pull off). This is my final post so enjoy. 

 Please do not give me a bad review saying that my deck will stink when Tatooine comes out. I know that, and Tatooine IS NOT out yet. So do not give me bad reviews b/c of Tatooine until Tatooine comes out. Thanks  

Okay I was tired of losing to WYS, hence I made the deck you see here. Using Dark Waters (on docking bays or lars farm), undercover spies, and Dreaded Imperial Starfleet I can bring WYS*s drains down to almost nothing. While your opponent is draining for almost nothing I am able to drain for tons via Presence of the force and ominous rumors. The retrieval of this deck is also a big factor, which can turn the game in your favor. With only 8 ties my goal is not tie swarm and I am very immune to grimtaash (most ties I’ve lost is 2). Basically just spread out for big drains (unless playing a space deck like ebo) and when they come to you destroy them. 

VS starships (Falcon/Outrider). Connons, shoot them down and play Flawless Marksmanship to ensure the hit. 
VS Home One. Play Relentless Pursuit and then pound them. They will have to forfeit Home One. 

Why use Relentless Pursuit instead of Lateral Damage? Since I just blow up starships I really only need Lateral/ Relentless Pursuit to take care of Home One. But in today*s game so many people who play with Home One use counters to Latural. So Relentless Pursuit is better. 

Why use 3 cannons? I do not depend on big beats to win. My goal is to drain and then eliminate my opponent*s starships when they arrive (and then drain some more). I use cannons to kill off both starfights and Home One (Relentless Pursuit) so they are very necessary. 

Why Dark Waters?  Use them vs WYS to throw on docking bays and kill drains there. Major tech. 

Why grabbers?  I hate WYS playing stuff from lost pile so I need to be able to grab as much as I can. 

Why overload x2 & main course?  Overload is to combat EBO. I can*t have my ties blown out of the sky so just fry their cannons with overload. Main Course is in here to stuff Frozen Assets. If Deadbolt is popular in your area add 1-2 Omni Box*s to shuffle their lost pile and another Main Course (I play NO deadbolt). 

 Why use Flawless Marksmanship?  Shooting the Falcon when piloted by Captain Han is not always an auto hit when they play a few maneuvers. So use the lost function of Flawless Marksmanship to make sure he is hit. 

 Why use Ephant Mon?  Drop him at the bunker first/second turn to make it so the only way your opponent can get to the bunker is Revolution and Back Door. 

Why 4 Twec Advisers ?  In my version 1 deck I played with 3 but found that it just wasn*t enough. I need to get my key effects out fast, hence 4 twi*lec. 

Why only one Commander Merrejk?  I yanked one in this version of my deck because I found that I did not use him very much. He is definitely nice to have one of, but I don*t use him enough (only have 2 other systems which I normally draw) to make him worth it. 

 Why use Endor Operations instead of SYCFA?  
1. Endor Ops activates more first turn against WYS then SYCFA does (most WYS decks flip 1st turn) 
2. Endor Ops never has any activation cut off by WYS 
3. The drain +2 at a system is to nice to pass up. And when combined with POTF can give you huge drains 
4. You start with a system you can drain at. 

Get Ominious rumors out first turn and Ephant Mon out as well (if you are given enough force). Then just spread and drain with cannons and destroy anything that comes to you. Cancel drains on the ground, and drain for 11+ up in the sky. 

VS WYS Get Rumors out first turn along with Ephant Mon or a tie to Endor. Procede to stuff their drains while you drain fore tons up in space. When they come to you just shoot down those measly ships and continue draining. Cards to grab are On the Edge, Harvest, and Control/Tunnel (control stinks when it is played numerous times to cancel my drain of 5). Haven*t lost to a WYS yet since this deck was built to beat it. 

VS EBO Deploy to one system with some ties/cannon and wait. When they deploy ships down use cannons (remember you can fire twice) and overloads (fry their cannons) to pound them. If you play right you should win every game. 

VS Hidden Mains Ahh, game over. Stop their drains cold while draining for big up in spac (If they snipe your spies then big deal. Stuff one of their drains with the fleet and drain for big). When they deploy starships deal with them and get on with draining. You should never lose unless you make a big mistake. 

VS Training Oh well, no rumors. But you can still use POTF and spread and drain. Wherever Ben/Luke go stuff their drains and kill off their starships when they deploy. I would like to have Secret Plans in here but just can*t find room. Again you should never lose since they depend on starfighters which get shot down (if they have Home One just tuff it with R. Tracking). 

VS PROFIT Might actually be a harder game. You can kill off all their drains but PROFIT damage still hurts. Get out and spread drain since you know they probably have no ships (maybe home 1). If you can get drains going fast and get your retrieval working you will win. 

VS TIGIH Oh bummer no rumors…..oh well. If your opponent is playing with speeders/x-wings or eloms you will have a breeze of a game. Just block drains and drain/retrieve in space. Scouts are a little harder though. They can get out and drain very fast so try and get your spies/dreaded starfleet down ASAP. Grab On/Off the edge and get drains/retrieval going. As long as you get set up fast you should win. 

Thanks for reviewing my deck, any advice will be greatly appreciated. D-mail me at CmdCorranH if you have any questions. 
'