---
layout: post
author: Karim "kjedi" Jetha
title: 'Hes Back'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-25
description: ! 'Mioom Onith (or however you spell his name) is kickin @#$% AGAIN.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start - 9
Set Your Course For Alderaan/The Backside Doesn’t Matter
Death Star
Alderaan
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Start Your Engines
Tatooine Podrace Arena
Sebulba’s Podracer
Boonta Eve Podrace
Watto’s Box -(if they start with a racer, play Bad Feeling Have I)

	Interrupts - 25
Podracer Collision x3
Hit Racer
Masterful Move x3
Monnok x2
Barrier
Put All Sections on Alert x2
Alter x3
Sense x2
Sense/Uncertain is the Future
Twi’Lek x2
Sniper/Dark Strike
Elis Helrot x2
Weapon Levitation
Limited Resources

	Weapons - 2
Mara Jade’s Vibrator
Maul’s Glowstick

	Characters - 13
M’iiyoom Onith x4
Darth Maul x2
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Darth Vader with Lightsaber x2
Emperor Palpatine
Prince Xixor
Smooth Dr. Easy and Ponda Baba
Gramma Tarkin

	Boats - 2
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

	Places - 5
Executor Docking Bay
Death Star War Room
Death Star Docking Control Room 327
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Tatooine Docking Bay 94

	FX - 4
Secret Plans
Bad Feeling Have I
Search and Destroy
Come Here You Big Coward

'

Strategy: '

And Stebbins what was your record at Mirk???
And crush-hawk (don’t remember how you spelled that)Although not everyone plays Goo, I’ve seen that my alters can usually take care of it, and the senses can back up the sac war.

I dunno if the title is screwed up, but it’s supposed to be he back...  And I guess I forgot Onith was Female.  May Catherene McKinnon damn me to hell.  

The strategy to this deck is very simple.  1st or 2nd turn deploy Onith to the Docking Control Room.  (you pull the site, and he’s immune to battle damage)

After that, you just podrace, and pick out their characters.  Initiate one or two battles before the race is over...  wait for you to lose 11 cards.  Then you should have lost 11 cards...

Now is when the game actually starts.  Your lost pile consists of Sebulba’s racer, and theirs has overflow from a battle, a SACed card or two, some Onithed characters, and 11 random cards.  The turn after this deploy, and beat down all their stuff and then play search and destroy (If it was in hand) At the Mirkwood team tournement, I’ve had people just quit and draw up here, cause of the Lockdown.  

ummm, i’ll talk about other dex now, so this may be considered matchups...

Keeping The Empire out Forever is annoying as hell, cause they pull out a character after your control phase, and one during their turn, so Onith just sits there and balls.  But you can still sense those paths and beat on them (’cause CC dex rely on path too much)

I’ve beaten lotsa decks, and the only other one that gave me trouble was a hardcore EBO-X.  I was at the 12 card lost pile at turn 5, so I had to hurry.  Losing 11, plus sabers draining, plus search and destroy, (and my retreival) ended up being enough for me to scrape away with a win.

Ummm... profit, rst, tigih... they all lose to this deck.

I should probably add these cards, but didn’t cause i’m a scrub
   grabber
   sspft
   decree

Ummm... tell me what you think.  And don’t tell me to blow up Alderraan.  Bail Organa shoulda survived.

(oh yea, and if you care, at the mirk team tournement i went 2-1)  wins of 33, 35, and a loss by around 15. (i had crap for luck that game, and Keeping the Empire out forever sucks)

my team still got 11th place (outta 12) cause we’re scrubs.
'