---
layout: post
author: ! chris "Plo-Koon" cutchins
title: ! "Occupation Crack Dealer"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-10-22
description: ! "Dark Deal..Occupation..   :)"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (7)
Bespin
Bespin Cloud City
Cloud City Casino
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Cloud City Port Town District
Cloud City Security Tower
Cloud City East Platform

Characters(19)
Darth Vader With Lightsaber x 2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith
Grand Moff Tarkin
Mara Jade
Lando Calrissian x 3
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Commander Igar
IG-88 with Riot Gun
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle
Aqualish x 2Bespin Cloud City
Cloud City Casino
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Cloud City Port Town District
Cloud City Security Tower
Cloud City East Platform

Starships(8)
Devastator
Executor
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Boba Fett in Slave I
Dengar in Punishing One
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
OS-72-1 in Obsidian I
OS-72-2 in Obsisian 2

Vehicles(4)
Blizzard Walker
Tempest I
Blizzard 2
Tempest Scout 6

Weapons(1)
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

Interrupts(12)
Any Methods Necessary
Twi’lek Advisor
Cloud City Sabacc x 5
Torture x 2
Trample x 2
Evader
You overestimate their chances

Effects(9)
Battle Order/Secret Plans
Crush the Rebellion
Dark Deal
Cloud City Occupation
Oppressive Enforcement
There Is No Try
Security Precautions
Presence of the Force
Bad Feeling Have I

Objective
TDIGWATT/PIDAIAF 
'

Strategy: '

The standard start is the Casino, with Any Methods Necessary to find
Fett in Slave 1, Fett w/ Rifle and the Security Tower. Deploy in force
to the Casino, find Lando with the Security Tower game text and play Sabacc.
Beyond this, respond to the opponent. If they shy away from coming to Cloud
City, get Dark Deal and CC Occupation going and make them pay. If they do
decide to battle, deploy the walkers, Trample, choke and hit their characters
and retrieve with Sabacc.
The Bounty hunter ships should be able to control Bespin CC until Dark Deal is
down, then move to Bespin to keep the objective flipped. Aqualish in walkers will help protect DD.
CC Downtown Plaza allows you to retrieve one CC location during your control phase.
Lando is important to the deck, so pay attention to his safety. Try and wait until
you are holding two CC Sabaccs until you deploy him so can guarantee playing during your
turn and theirs before he gets hit (against heavy SAC, get TINT or Oppressive Enforcement out
too).Also for a hit and run on Lando You overestimate their chances covers that.However,
the earlier he is deployed, the less the risk of Lando in Falcon
(which can be a major headache to get rid of). If Lando is replaces, use Vader w/ Saber,
Jade or Trample to kill him and then deploy him again (just don’t capture him by mistake). If the
worst comes to the worst, deploy him, play sabacc and then pop him on a walker during your
move phase (which he can pilot) and then bring him out when it’s safe.

The deck contains the usual counters - SecPrecs and the ships vs Hidden Base,
Crush the Rebellion and Evader vs Revolver, TINT and Oppressive Enforcement vs SAC. 
MWYHL shouldn’t be a problem - Trample deals with undercover spies, CC Occupation
causes force loss, Secret Plans makes retrieval difficult and Sabacc causes nightmares for
players trying to track those 7s for destiny. Just ignore Dark Deal and go with
Occupation/drain at the Downtown Plaza. Presence of the Force can help here too.

Major Problems For This Deck Includes

Aim High - nasty but the retrieval comes in small doses, so you can usually pay.
WYTTPOU - limits your sabacc plays, but you should still manage to retrieve at least 15.
LS Sabacc - battle for control of Lando Get Trampling and hide in walkers...
Lando in Millenium Falcon - Very annoying. Either pile ships on him or ignore
him completely and forget the Sabacc.

Above all, the key to the deck is flexibility - don’t be afraid to ignore Dark Deal or CC Occupation 
if battling and retrieving seems more likely. Likewise if the sabacc isn’t working
get some heavy drains in
'