---
layout: post
author: ! Sam "AgentSD" Diamond
title: ! "KICK @$$ AND CHEW BUBBLE GUM"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-15
description: ! "I’m All out of gum."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
SYCFA
Death Star
Alderaan
Death StarDB 327
Prep. Def.
Crush the Rebellion
Mob. Points
You Cannot Hide Forever

Characters (20)
Miyoom Onith x5
Vader EPP x4
Mara Jade x2
Emperor Palpatine
Grand Moff Tarkin
Janus Greejatus
Sim Aloo
Prince Xizor
IG-88 W/ Riot Gun
4-Lom w/ Concussion Rifle
Guri
Commander Igar

Locations (4)
Death Star War Room
Rendili
Endor DB
Tatooine DB

Vehicles/Starships (6)
Tempest 1
Bossk in bus
ZUck in truck
Fett in ship
Dengar in ship
Flagship Executor

INterrupts (16)
Evader/Monnok x3
Vader’s Obsession 
Circle is now Complete x2
Imperial Barrier
Operational as Planned x2
Limited Resources
Focused Attack
Twi’lek advisor x2
You are Beaten
Sniper/Dark Strike x2

Effects (5)
POTF
Ability, ability, ability
Grabber x2
Search and Destroy

Weapons (1)
Mara’s Saber '

Strategy: '

PLEASE READ BEFORE POSTING HALF ASSED REVIEW

NOTE SORRY I MESSED UP THE CARD LIST  YOU CANNOT HIDE FOREVER SHOULD BE IMPERIAL ARREST ORDER. DUH

The title for this deck comes from Duke Nukem in case you didn’t know.  Anyay, this deck uses Miyoom and Evader/monnok for mass manipulation, mains for battling, and all sorts of other cool tech along the way.

First Turn, you should have a miyoom in your hand, so deploy him to the Death StarDB, if they want to come and fight him then you will just beat down whoever they send on your next turn and you take no damage from Miyoom’s death and you have 4 others in the deck.  With him there you get Mob. Points working.  Unless you are up against HB or WYS use mob. points to get Rendili out, otherwise you will want to save this gametext for the flagship.  Pull the Death Star War room with the objective.  Each turn you can take an Evader/Monnok with Crush the Rebellion.  This is crazy tech as it can either a) decrease their hand size if they have over 13, making miyoom’s job easier, or b)scan your opponent’s hand to see if it’s worth it to use miyoom’s gametext.  The activation with this deck is disturbing.  Assuming they arent playing a first turn flip WYS deck you usually get a minimum of 11 force on the second turn.  After turn one you deploy your battle ground docking bays on the subsequent turns.  Use mains for beatdown squads or to set up drains at the docking bays if they aren’t deploying.  Janus with emperor adds 1 to drain, POTF adds one, and so does Mara’s saber so you can get some good drains with this deck if you can’t pick any fights.  Battling strategy is to send down Vader and some thugs, duel with a track destiny if possible, and proceed to lay the smack down.  Here is some card explanations

5 Miyooms You should always get it in your hand with 5 and i had the room for it.

Ability, Ability, Ability This is tech.  They could have trouble deploying cards with ability when you miyoom every character out of their hand.

Limited Resources Destiny 5, there is a good chance that with this deck their hand will get real small, real fast.

Sniper/Dark Strike Takes out Undercover spies, arconas, and its good with a lightsaber to eliminate a guy from battle.

Operational as Planned x2 Best DS tracking card in the game in my opinion.  Gives you an extra force for spending and raises diffential.

2 Grabbers for any pesky cheese interrupts or trackable destinies, namely Shocking Information which I’ll get into in a minute.

Focused Attack Helps with dueling

Search and Destroy Forces them to deploy.  With no characters in their hand this could be tough.  

Guri Hurts WYS, I love this card, she’s a power 6 with a forfeit of 7 for Christs sake.  Plus she’s sweet with Xizor.

Sim and Janus Work amazing with emperor plus they have amazing ablities anyway.

Ok, I’m guessing your wondering why I’m not playing sense and alter in case of Goo Nee Tay and Shocking Information.  The reasons I’m not playing these are a) I couldn’t make room for enough of it to make a difference, b)the new effect kills it, c)Goo Nee Tay may be in one deck every 2 tournaments, and d)I can just grab shocking info.  Also, it’s not like this deck can’t win without Miyoom.  Without Miyoom it just becomes a powerful mains deck.  By the way there is no SAC protection in here either because absolutely nobody plays SAC around me.  Here are some strategies against popular LS decks

WYS If they are playing palace raiders for a first turn flip, then you are hurt but it’s not near over.  Don’t think that this deck can’t activate without the non-battlegrounds.  You still get 3 from Miyoom at the DB, you can pull Rendili if you are deserate, there are 2 battleground DB’s and WYS gives you 2 force from the start.  So there is still potential for Miyoom to step in and take out every non palace raider in their hand at which poin they will burst into tears due to the lack of charater availability that comes with WYS.  Guri stops them from getting crazy with the destinys.  The way to beat this deck is to set up quickly is to set up quickly at their cantina where they can’t send their vehicles.  If they aren’t playing Palace raiders and you know this then they will take longer to flip, long enough for you to get miyoom going.  Once you get that on you send out your guys to tatooine.  Only battle them in space when you are confidant that you won’t get hurt too bad.  WYS can be a tough deck to play against (it’s tough with almost everything) but it is definitely beatable if you play your cards right.

TIGIH There is a lot of this around me.  Miyoom gets rid of their characters.  I always just grab luke early.  I don’t plan on losing many battles on the ground with this deck.  After grabbing luke, just play normal.  Get the miyooms in when necessary, battle when you see an opening.  

HB or EBO set up at BG docking bays and set up search and destroy.  Battle with ships when it’s safe.  If you can get Miyoom off against EBO before they set up EBO it could slow them down a lot.  These decks shouldn’t be too much of a problem with S&D and drain bonuses.

Agents in the Court Don’t see much of this but what you would do is basically just concentrate less on miyoom and more on putting up a fight with your mains.  If Obi or Luke comes out duel if you can, as usual.  Miyoom only when you have your characters set up and they have no mains on the table.  If they let you look at their deck at some point in the game and you see no unique guys than just forget miyoom completely and concentrate on battling.  I don’t have much faith in Agents in the Court, it’s not nearly as good as it’s darkside counterpart MKOS.  This shouldn’t be too tough of a match.

Any other Mains deck Mess them up with Miyoom, duel, battle, you know how it works. 

So, thats my deck.  I plan to put it into full-time play after I play in my next tounament with my Court deck (assuming that deck doesn’t just win every game and go crazy).  Anyway, your feedback would be very helpful assuming it’s not nonsense like ”uuuhhhhh this deck will get killed by operatives and QMC.”        

'