---
layout: post
author: ! David "The Founder" Akers
title: ! 'Darkside Power Hate'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-12-17
description: ! 'This deck can rip holes in anything that deploys to a battle ground, and outdrain anything that doesnt.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

' 
Locations
Endor Back Door 
Endor Bunker <-start
Endor Dark Forest 
Endor Dense Forest 
Endor Ewok Village 
Endor Forest Clearing 

Characters (19)
Colonel Davod Jon 
Corporal Drelosyn 
Corporal Misik 
Darth Maul with Lisghtsaber x2
Darth Vader With Lightsaber  x3
Sergeant Barich 
Sergeant Elsek  x2
Sergeant Irol 
Sergeant Major Bursk 
Sergeant Major Enfield 
Sergeant Torent 
Sergeant Wallen 
Stormtrooper Cadet  x2
Storm Trooper Garrison
Trooper Davin Felth 


Interrupts (26)
Dark Jedi Presence  x3
Elis Helrot 
Full Scale Alert 
Imperial Barrier  x2
Nemondian Advisor x2
Prepared Defenses <-start
Scanning Crew  x2
Tactical Support  x5
Trooper Assault  x4
Twi’lek Advisor  x2
You Are Beaten  x2

Effects (8)
Blast Door Controls 
Closed Door 
Expand The Empire 
Fear is My Ally <-start
First Strike <-start
Search And Destroy 
Conduct Your Search <-start
Perimeter Patrol
You Cannot Hide Forever <-start

Shields (10)
pick your favorites but include
anti-sac, anti-beatdown, grabber and insert prot '

Strategy: '

I first faced the unique troopers in a game vs. Martin Faulke at dcon 2000. They basicly work like this. They go down for cheap and draw multiple destiny, they reduce your power and attrition and add to thier own destiny. On top of that they are immune to atrrition half the time and super powerful. 

This is how it works. Start bunker, first strike, Conduct your search, and ychf. You want to get force fast so pull the back door, and get another site down. You don’t need your opponent to give you any force but if he does then more power for you. once you have 3 sites down (bunker, back door, and other) you have enough force to finish them off. You might have to wait a turn but it will be worth it. 

If they are playing something that doesn’t give you anything to beatdown. Set up on endor with a few troopers. Sac YCHF to grab Perimiter Patrol and grab Closed Door. Use your Scanning Crew only if they don’t have the canceller out. If your lucky they might even grab it. 

Save a few force for your barrier even if you don’t have one. ) Then you can get some drains in while you see what they are up to. If they are not going to ground such as in a dedicated space deck. S&D and your drains will hurt them fast. Use expand on your drain plus one site to get the drains going. Davod jon at the bunker will prevent suprise assault so don’t worry about that. 

But the deck isn’t about draining so much. It’s about going where they are and getting a power of 60+ drawing three destiny while making them power -? and forfiet 0. Elis is great even with insurection. just elis to where they are with your horde and wait for the to move and then BAM when they have only one person left at the site play full scale alert That card is tech. 

This deck can shred lightsaber combat so have fun Best to play this deck as a suprise. your opponent is like? WT Your Trooper garison is power 20? 

Don’t forget to say what Martin kept saying. ”I think these guys are pretty good together, Yes?” '