---
layout: post
author: ! Brandon "Jedi Genius" Schele
title: ! 'Type 2 Hyperdrive by Jedi Genius'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-10-27
description: ! 'Probably the best LS Type 2 deck there is. Uses multiple mains to flip and out battle your opponent.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(9)
The Hyperdrive Generators Gone/We&#8217;ll Need A New One
Tatooine Wattos Junkyard
Tatooine City Outskirts
Credits Will Do Fine
Podrace Prep
Tatooine Podrace Arena
Anakins Podracer
Boonta Eve Podrace
A Tragedy Has Occurred

Epic Events(1)
I Did It

Locations(2)
Tatooine Marketplace
Tatooine Mos Espa

Characters(15)
Qui-Gon Jinn x4
Obi-Wan Kenobi, Padawan Learner x4
Senator Palpatine x2
Queen Amidala x2
Supreme Chancellor Valorum x2
Yarua

Weapons(3)
Qui-Gon Jinns Lightsaber x3

Interrupts(30)
Sense x3
Alter x2
Control x3
A Step Backwards x5
Too Close For Comfort x4
We Wish To Board At Once
Losing Track x2
Stay Here, Where It&#8217;s Safe x5
Changing The Odds x2
Mindful Of The Future x2
Reveal Ourselves To The Jedi '

Strategy: '

UPDATE
This IS a Type 2 deck people. SO RATE IT LIKE ONE. Dont say - well this is a good type 2 deck, cause thats exactly what it is. 3 1/2 stars. - I mean how dumb could you be? THINK. Rate a Type 2 deck compared to OTHER Type 2 decks, not stupid normal constructed decks.


The track record of this deck is something like 16-2, with its only 2 losses coming from bad luck(not finding anything in my deck until its too late). 

This deck plays just like any other Hyperdrive deck, only different.

With this deck, try and get Qui-Gon with his saber to the Junkyard ASAP. This is why I included 4 Qui-Gons and 3 Sabers. It usually helps to back him up with one of the other characters in the deck. If you cant find first turn Qui-Gon, then deploy any one of the other characters(except Yarua) by themselves to Watto’s Junkyard since all have high forfiet and power 6(or potential power of 6 with Stay Here) and get a destiny by themselves. After winning the race, get out I Did It and use Too Close to make sure Maul never gets to swing his saber. Use A Tragedy to grab Squabbling versus senate, and usually either Sense, Control, or Maul Strikes against anything else.

Some card choice explanations
Why start the grabber instead of Brisky or The Camp?
Having the grabber to start with makes your opponent think twice before he plays cards like Squabbling Delegates. You can also use this to grab Sense, Control, Maul Strikes, etc. Why not Brisky or The Camp? Well originally Brisky was the start, but I never found a use for it, and when I did, Jar Jar was never in the remaining 10-15 cards in my reserve deck. Plus, Brisky is a popular target for Alter. The Camp is virtually pointless since most players just use senators, Maul, and Destroyer Droids(P-59 and P-60 too).

What’s with the character selection?
4 Qui-Gons and 4 Obis is ESSENTIAL. Obi deploys for only 4 force, can relocate, and is power 6. How can you go wrong with those stats? Qui-Gon is immune to attrition and is the only guy that can yield a lightsaber in Episode 1 format for the light side. As for the other characters, Queen, Palpy, and Valorum all are ability 4 and can be targeted by Stay Here, which boosts their power and gives them immunity. Yarua is included because he is deploy 3, power 5, and another senator for when I flip.

Where is Panaka?
Ive tested him in this deck, and he just doesnt work. He not only takes up 3 slots or more in the deck, but he dies right away due to no immunity. Hardly worth it in my opinion.


Matchups

There really is no particular match ups, this deck pretty much plays the same against them all. Win the race, drop guys, battle, and flip your objective.


If you have any questions at all, contact me before rating.
AIM Boygenius9983
MSN BSchele@hotmail.com
email BSchele@hotmail.com


Brandon Schele  '