---
author: Mike "Rushe" Blumberg
title: 'Dash is A Punk version 2'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-14
description: 'Anyone getting throat punched by Watch Your Step? Hopefully this is a counter.'
rating: 2.5
---
Cards: 

SYCFA
Death Star
DS: DB
Alderaan
Prepared Defenses
Imp. Arrest Order
Mob Points
Combat Response

Locations:
Rendilli
Space Port DB

Admirals Order:
We’re In Attack Position Now x2

Characters:

Darth Vader (Old School)
Emperor Palpatine x2
Baron Soontir Fell x2
Grand Admiral Thrawn x2
Tarkin
Commander Igar
Commander Merryjk
General Veers
Janus Greejatus
Officer Evax
4 Lom with rifle
Admiral Chiraneau
Captain Godhert
Arica
U-3PO

Big Blue:
Blizzard Walker
Blizzard 1
Saber 1 x2
Chimaera x2
Victory Class Star Destroyer

Green Things:

Vaders Saber
SFS L-s9.3 Laser Cannons x2

Effects:
TINT/Oppressive Enforcement
Battle Order
Something Special Planned for them
Lateral Damage
Presence of The Force
Grabber x2
You Can’t Hide Forever

Interrupts:
Twilek Advisor x2
Trample
Imperial Command
Dark Maneuvers
Young Fool
Force Field
Force Lightning
I Can’t Shake Him
Look Sir Droids
Control/ Set For Stun


Strategy: 

I have resubmitted this deck after further playtesting.One revision before I get to it. Guri is in the deck! I will pull something like evax to fit her in. She is way to good not be in. I myself, play the new WYS deck and it is so stupidly good that I have to try to build a counter for it that will also work against other decks. Some of the reviews I got were very insightful and helpfull and some were just plain stupid. I have to knock the guy sitting at home who tells me to watch out for this one card or that one card. DUH!!! Cantina Brawl? Ok I better never deploy to the Cantina because of Cantina Brawl. Gee, I better not play Hunt Down because of Transmission Terminated. Things like that make me laugh. Some of the advice was very good though. High forfeit imperials for IAO is a plus. I added the DS war room for a spell but have it out again. I dont like giving my opponent a place to drain for 2 and add a battle destiny for a measly 2 force. With Star Wars so docking bay oriented and playing Mob Points I’ll be fine for force generation. WYS also kills the 2/0 sights anyway. I replaced the war room with more usefull stuff.
There are so many different kinds of WYS that I felt it prudent to add some cards to "try" to cover everything. Something Special Planned for them, grabbers, Look Sir Droids are all anti WYS. Retrieval decks are huge right now and Secret Plans isnt enough against it. Grab the harvest or place it out of play. Dont let it hit the lost pile!!! That means they already retrieved and can do it again. God forbid they have another Harvest in hand.Kill Leebo with Look Sir Droids. Anyway, set up against Watch your step at the docking bays and generate enough to hold the planet. Walkers, Vader, Emperor, etc. are all good for that. If it is not going that way, use Arica and U-3PO especially for the Cantina. Luke draining for 3 just plain hurts. Space can be held pretty easily with the big guns and a well used Set For Stun. Set For Stun Dash or Han leaving a poor RFC or Wedge there to die horribly.I added a Victory Class for extra muscle and it gets retrieved with Rendilli game text. Slick.

This deck has done very well against Hidden Base by waiting till the right moment to use Thrawn and his underlings. Very important to be patient.

I have played 1 stupid profit deck and lost to a draw of a POWER DROID!!!! with a bunch of mains down against a sizeable force of my own at Jabbas Palace. I was playing a goofball kid who "invented this deck" so I just have to laugh it off.

Against EBO, do not invade without a Control in hand or a Walker. Again, be patient. An EBO swarm deck ought to do well against the slower Big Blue but the raw power and many destinies in space can be key. A tough matchup.

This deck mashes agent decks into little Jawa bits but maybe I havent played a goog one yet. Is there a good agents deck? Seriously?

Have not played Throneroom yet.

I noticed a few reviews from people that were interesting. "Palleon" said Ties and scum are the only good decks for SYCFA. hmmmm.....Why is that? The decks that win the money tournaments are always a surprise. Not some deck that the whole world has copied from deck tech. Ive been playing for a few months now and I have already figured that out. I like to build my own decks with ideas that I come up with. That might seem foriegn to some of you. My ideas may not be new but they are to me.

Thanks for reading. The deck is fun to play and has done very well so far.

Mike
