---
layout: post
author: ! Joshua "Stormcrow" Grace
title: ! "Graces Vengeance"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-23
description: ! 'An Agents of Black Sun / Vengeance of the Dark Prince deck that lets you have lots of fun with pasty-face.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
Agents of Black Sun
Xixor
Coruscant
that site... does anyone know its name?
Prep Def
Moby Points
IAO
Crush the Feeble Rebellion

Locations (4)
Carida
 DB
DS  DB
CC  DB

Ships (4)
Zuckus in MH x2
Bossk in Bus x2

Weapon (1)
Vibro-Ax (it’s for Snoova, see?)

Characters (16)
Destiny 6 Emperor x2
Xixor x2
Guri x2
Fett w/Blaster x2
IG-88 x2
Vigo x3
4Lom
Snoova
U3P0

Red (the remainder)
Search & Destroy
Opp Enf
Secret Plans
Something Special
Hidden Weapons
No Escape
You Cannot Hide
Young Fool
Put All Sections on Alert
Jabba’s Through With You
Twi’lek
Imperial Barrier x2
Force Lightning x3
Evader/Monnok x2
I Have You Now x2
Presence of the Force x2
A Dangerous Time x5 '

Strategy: '

General stuff

Crush the Rebellion is the centerpiece of the deck, allowing you to manipulate your opponent’s hand with Monnok, solidify the Emperor’s site with I Have You Now and limit your opponent to 2 destiny maximum at the CC and DS docking bays. Always start it.

If you draw an opening hand Barrier, or if your opponent won’t generate enough force to beat down Xixor, move him over to the spaceport DB for a first-turn flip. Start peeking at your force pile (count down how many force you can use before you need to draw key cards) and reserve deck (during your battle phase). Always peek. Knowledge is good for you.

Try to keep Luke off the table. You can manipulate him with A Dangerous Time and Monnok. You can capture him with Snoova, Iggy or Fett. Or you can place him out of play with Young Fool (someone posted an AoBS deck somewhat like this but without Young Fool; Young Fool is key. In the last tournament I played in, I placed Luke out of play TWICE with Young Fool).

Against various decks.

TIGIH
Place Emperor down for the force choke ASAP. Losing 2 a turn from I Can Save Him is not as bad as taking a 2-drain every turn and allowing your opponent extra generation. Plus, if you get You Cannot Hide, track a 6, and Force Lightning Luke, you can place him out of play with Young Fool. That’s always fun. As soon as Luke is captured, you’re going to do more damage with your objective, plus you’ll have the upper hand in battles, knowing when to deploy and what your opponent has coming.

EBOX, Alien Swarm, anything with multiples
Put the multiples together with A Dangerous Time. When they draw, Monnok them. Do direct damage, and drain.

Hidden Mains, Throne Room Mains, etc
Try to do quick damage, but don’t be foolhardy in your efforts. Back Xixor up with Guri and a load of Bounty Hunters. The Emperor can pretty much hold his own. Stop retrieval with Something Special and Secret Plans. Attempt to capture Luke. The key to this match-up is knowing what’s coming into your hand and what’s going to be drawn into your opponent’s hand. This lets you react to their move, not vice versa. This game will likely be decided in two or three key battles. Use your knowledge of your opponent’s deck to determine the outcome of those battles. Peek at your reserve deck if you can before you initiate a battle to decide if you can capture or hit a character. If your destiny are bad when you must battle, attempt to reshuffle by searching with Crush or the Emperor’s game text.

Heavy space
Do lots of damage on the ground fast with drains and the objective and Search & Destroy. Draw for your retrieval killers. Learn what’s going to show up in your opponent’s hand, then initiate key battles or stop key drains with your BH ships.

The only loss this deck took was a game where I played miserably and didn’t draw either of my anti-retrieval cards (I normally deploy both). I must have caused at least 50 damage, but my opponent retrieved at least that much.

Hint Force Lightning used against Luke, IG88 captures.

At least it’s not another Scum, Hunt Down or BHBM deck.

Joshua "Stormcrow" Grace '