---
author: Andy "RexBanner7" Klema
title: Year of Tha Boomerang
side: Dark
date: 2001-05-22
description: Of course I have the terrible luck of posting this AFTER Martin Akessson (I apologize for that butchering) posted his, but this is a deck I’ve been playing for quite a while now. Oh, and the title’s a Rage song.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting:
CCT
CC:Carbonite Chamber
CC:Security Tower
Jabba’s Prize
Carbonite Chamber Console
Prepared Defenses
There Is No Try/Oppressive Enforcement
Mobilization Points
Third Effect Varies

Locations:
CC:Docking Bay
Tatooine:Docking Bay
Jabba’s Palace: Audience Chamber
Carida

Starships:
Boba Fett in Slave One
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Chimaera
Executor
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Characters:
4-LOM with Gun
EPP Fett
Darth Vader, DLOTS x2
Dengar with Gun
Dr. E/Ponda Baba
Emperor Palpatine x2
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Grand Moff Tarkin
Guri
Iggy with Gun
Janus Greejatus x2
Lord Vader
Mara Jade x2
Mighty Jabba
Prince Xizor
Sim Aloo

Effects:
Battle Order
Blast Door Controls 
Grabber x2
Lateral Damage
Search and Destroy
Secret Plans
You Cannot Hide Forever

Interrupts:
Force Lightning
Imperial Command x2
Masterful Move
Monnok
Sniper/Dark Strike
The Circle is Now Complete
Twi’lek Advisor
Weapon Levitation
You Are Beaten
Young Fool

Weapons:
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
Vader’s Lightsaber

Admiral’s Order:
Battle Deployment


Strategy: 

Obviously this is a CCT deck that does NOT try to flip! Do not even think that I would. It is dumb, and it invites yourself to a beatdown from Frozen Assets. This deck is all about control. You set up your game, then @#$% up your opponent. Emperor + helpers go to a docking bay, you pull out all your sites for good activation, and then you just beat down. The destiny is decent, but Janus makes it godlike. You can wipe out systems by tracking 6s. If you’re playing a deck that you can’t beat down, set up a couple solid drains, slap down Search and Destroy, and wait. Honor won’t do anything cuz you will occupy the battlegrounds, and you can do very well in space with your fleet, the Admirals’s Order, and the destiny. 

Something else that you should note is the way that this deck just destroys WYS. Taking away Han is huge because that’s one less character they can use, and they can’t set up the Super Falcon. It also hurts the beatdown version because no Don’t Get @#$%y and no extra weapon and no tripling damage. You will own the Tatooine system if they don’t have Han, and then you play Battle Deployment, limiting their destinies. Thrawn will stop it from being replaced, and you will win. Secret Plans and the grabbers help too.

Some card choices now:

Young Fool: This card is extra tech because it makes an early attack on the Emperor a very bad idea. If all else fails, you can cycle it back with Janus. Destiny 6 is great.

Janus x2: You need him. He is your god. He puts back all your good destiny and gives you cards you need. He is all knowing. Love him.

Masterful Move/Monnok: Another destiny 6, and a counter to WYS and EBOX decks. I want to know what I’m going up against, so this definitely helps.

So few Sites: All you need. They all get pulled out, and the activation is pretty big if you’re on both DBs. 

Mighty Jabba: Adds a destiny with 4-LOM and Fett. Kills Profit. They will not be able to take the chamber back unless they get damn lucky with destiny.

Blast Door Controls: Barrier and Narrow Escape SUCK! So cancel them. Easy enough. Meta choice for around here. Lots of WYS and the like. 

That’s about it since you can figure out matchups. I have faith in you. Just remember the WYS Killer. Cuz it is. Honestly. D-Mail with any questions. Enjoy. 