---
layout: post
author: ! Dennis "Denethor" Jeffris
title: ! 'The Most Fun Youll Have With SWCCG'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-04
description: ! 'At least, its the most fun in my opinion.  Blowing away the disco ball is highly satisfying...'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
Massassi Base Operations/One In A Million
Yavin IV
Yavin IV Docking Bay
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Strike Planning
Squadron Assignments
Great Shot, Kid

Locations (10)
Kiffex
Kashyyyk
Bothawui
Death Star
Death Star Trench
Yavin IV Briefing Room
Yavin IV Massassi War Room
Yavin IV Jungle
Yavin IV Massassi Ruins
Yavin IV Massassi Headquarters

Characters (18)
Lieutenant Blount
General Crix Madine
Admiral Ackbar
Jek Porkins
Elyhek Rue
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
BoShek
Threepio With His Parts Showing x2
Dash Rendar
Grondorn Muse
Qui-Gon Jinn
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
General Calrissian
Tiree
TK-422
Boussh

Starships (13)
Tantive IV
Spiral
Home One
Independence
Liberty
Red 7
Red Squadron 1
Red 6
Outrider
Artoo-Detoo In Red 5
Gold Squadron 1
Gold 2
Tala 2

Red (6)
Control & Tunnel Vision x2
Tunnel Vision x4
Yavin IV Sentry

Crazy Crap (4)
Attack Run
Enhanced Proton Torpedoes
I’ll Take The Leader x2 '

Strategy: '

EDIT - take out Grondorn Muse, Yavin 4 Sentry x2 and BoShek and put in Goo Nee Tay, Corporal Kensaric, Colonel Cracken, and Ellors Madak. why?

Corporal Kensaric - adds 2 to deploy cost of every character deploying to same exterior battleground site w/ another scout, which is why I have Cracken in here (both pulled with Crix).

Goo Nee Tay - just adds to the deploy of their characters.  It’s a neat card, and saves from Miyoom Onith.

Ellors Madak - I took out BoShek for this for several reasons.  I was going to put in Melas, but then I realized this  With Ellors Madak, your destiny is improved in the deck, because it’s a 5 instead of Melas’ 2.  Also, this can be used on Obi-Wan With Lightsaber or Qui-Gon Jinn as a secondary pilot with Tiree (or put them on an X-Wing from the Docking Bay) and add 6-7 to your attack run total  That is absolutely gigantic, and will help a lot.

END EDIT


Please read the whole thing before reviewing.  Also, please review this on how it compares to other MBO decks, not the whole tournament scene.  I know it is not the most powerful deck type out there, but I enjoy it the most and want to make this my permanent tourney deck.  Besides, it’s a very good deck if you just try it... - - - - -


Before I get started, I want you to realize that this deck is very quick and does not, repeat, does not need Rebel Techs to blow up the disco ball.  Rebel Techs are too easy to kill off (choke, saber slice, attrition) so I decided against putting them in.  Also, you can usually blow up the Death Star by turn 3-4 (even without Techs).  One thing you should know is that it is usually wise NOT to flip the objective (unless playing a SYCFA deck) until AFTER you blow the Death Star.  Why is this?  Because of the deploy +2 for all opponent’s Imperials.  This is gigantic.  Also, I like to be able to deploy Massassi HQ from my deck right before blowing the hell out of the DS.  Another reason I don’t like flipping is because it means you need to spread your forces, meaning it’ll be easier to beat you down.  I like to keep my forces tight at the Briefing Room, then when I blow it up, move over to the docking bay and shuttle them all to ships.

First off, you may think ”oh man, an MBO deck.  It’s dead, it’s way too slow, etc etc.”  Absolutely not.  I have included 6 Tunnel Visions in here to get out what you need, and MBO lets you get out your sites.  So basically, get out your systems by either a) drawing them, deploying next turn or b) using Tunnel Visions and then activate a lot, then use your Tunnel Visions to pull out your other cards you need.  In almost every game in which I’ve played this, I’ve gotten at least 1-2 of the cards I need to blow it up in my opening hand.  If you’re having trouble getting the cards, go ahead and flip the objective.  But I prefer it on the front side.  Usually you can get everything on turn 3-4 and blow it on that turn.

”But what if they deploy Mara to my Briefing Room at kill off everyone?”  Well, don’t worry about that.  With Tala 2 out (which you pull Blount w/ Crix for, then use Blount to pull Tala 2 and deploy to Yavin), Mara is deploy +4 (+5 if Yavin 4 sentry out, +6 if Yavin Sentry and Grondorn Muse is out).  This is gigantic, since I don’t give away much force, and the big characters deploy costs are way too high with that.  Even if they want to deploy Vader or something, that’s still +4.  Maul is deploy +2, and he’s the big hurt, but he can’t battle you  It’s all good.

”Why do you have Crix in this deck?  He’s worthless”  After pulling Blount (turn 1) he is almost worthless.  However, I like to keep him at the Briefing Room (he’s a leader, which adds 1, and he’s forfeit 6, so he can satisfy an assault).  Getting Blount out first turn is gigantic.  I need Crix in here, period.

”Without Rebel Techs, you’re screwed”  Not at all.  Think about this  You have all your sites out (6), and a leader controlling briefing room (7 total), and you deployed HQ the turn you want to blow the DS, and deploy someone there (+9 total so far).  Now, you pulled out Tiree earlier on, which is now in the Trench for the attack run (+10 total).  Now, you have, let’s say... Wedge doing the attack run (usually the scenario, but LSJK is the best choice).  So that’s +13 total.  Now, that’s a lot of bonuses  So now you need a total of 3, and this is almost never reducable, except for the occasional time your opponent knocks out Yavin 4 Briefing Room.  Even then, you only need a 4 total.  And with 2 Threepio’s in here, you can track a high destiny rather easily the turn before (Threepio is God for the light side, period).  The only possible extremely damaging scenario is if you don’t succeed on the first try (you get 2 one’s) and the opponent deploys Maul or someone and moves to HQ.  This is now -4, but if you can get out Luke or BoShek, it’ll really be no problem.  And, with Threepio, again, he is the best light side card now, no doubt.  He is too useful in too many situations.  And usually, you will have a 3 or more to track in your deck, and blow the hell out of the floating ball.  And again, this usually happens by turn 4 or so (before any deck, besides speed deal, can do extreme damage).  And, this is before the dark side can blow away Yavin  That’s the biggie, and in this case, you want to flip the objective.  The damage you deal is way too much to survive (averaging around 29 or so).  That is gigantic.  Even against something other than SYCFA, a 12 force loss is giant.  And yet again, this almost always happens by turn 4.

Some problems this deck might have is having extremely bad luck and not drawing any of your needed cards or any Tunnel Visions.  However, all you need to do is draw up your force pile (unless you can get Crix and Blount/Tala 2 out first turn) and get out cards that way.  This only slows it down for a few turns, but it is extremely rare.

There you go, there’s some answers to some questions you might have about this deck.  If you have any more questions, please, PLEASE d-mail me before you review this deck because there is probably an explanation.  I might add in 1 Rebel Tech because they pull out the Trench, and might just add that 1 needed total, but that probably will never be the case.  Some cards I’m SERIOUSLY considering are more Tunnel Visions.  This card is just TOO useful, especially when you get all your systems out and are activating tons of force (flipping helps with Tunnel Vision also, but I prefer not flipping).

Now for some card choices that may seem shady

Grondorn Muse - What the hell, why do I use this guy?  Well, quite simply because I like to add to deploy costs of opponent’s characters, and he is just too damn good.  If he’s down, your Yavin Sentries because absolutely POWERFUL, and give you many bonuses.  If you happen to get him and a sentry in your opening hand, then deploy them and the opponent will definetely have a tough time getting down there (next turn, Crix and Blount).  That’s some hefty costs just to clear out a few characters that aren’t really THAT important.  He’s incredible.

So many Tunnel Visions - Well, the main reason most MBO decks fail is because they don’t pull cards quickly enough.  This is the answer to all of those problems, and then some.  Pull any and all of your junk and go Running very quickly, then recieve the eye-popping bonuses of Great Shot, Kid which will win the game for you, no doubt (the 12 force opponent loses is good too).  It’s a very nice thing to have in a slow deck.

Enhanced Proton Torps - Yes, they do have lower destiny, however, you pull these out with your objective/tunnel vision, and are FREE deploying, which is absolutely huge when you just have enough force to finish the attack run and nothing else.

Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight (and not Farm Boy Luke) - quite simply, because he adds 2 more to attack run total, and if drawn for destiny, adds 5 more.  Not bad I’d say.  Plus, he’s a wrecker on the ground (and can just hold a site).

Qui Gon - the one-man tank  Even without his saber, he is still formidable and can draw destiny and can be forfeited for 9  That’s 16 power they need to have just to ping you.  Also, he activates 1 extra force, which is usually useful.  I always try to keep 1 of him in each of my decks.

TK-422 and Boussh - For one, I don’t use Han on the Falcon because Calrissian is basically just as good, and he’s pulled by Strike Planning and GS1 is immune to Tallon Roll, which is good.  The undercover spies are basically in here to slow down speed deal decks, which are definetely the hardest match you will face.  Also, a neat trick is to deploy TK-422 to a site where the opponent likes to build up, and all his Imperials are deploy +1 at related sites.  And with the little amount of force I give the opponent, this can be hurtful.  Nifty cards.

Elyhek and Red 7 - mainly because Red 7’s destiny is 4, instead of other’s 2 destiny.  Not bad, and if needed, can deploy the protons on this guy and shoot them for free, then move into the Death star for the attack run (although that hasn’t happened yet).  Same thing with Jek and Red 6, destiny.

Threepio w/ Parts Showing - since the destiny in this deck (and all MBO decks) is relatively low, this guy is usually needed to track the few high-destiny cards in the deck to explode the ball.  He’s useful in many situations, but that’s the biggest reason.

BoShek - ability 4 pilot that can deploy on any X-Wing or Y-Wing (Gold 2 w/ Tiree) and add 4 to destiny in the Trench.  I like him, especially if Artoo w/ Jedi Knight is unavailable.

There you have it.  Sorry, I don’t have any matchups because you always play this deck the same why against every deck, except

Speed Deal - get out Boussh and TK-422 FAST, and you should be alright.

That’s the only deck you play differently against.  This is the only version of MBO that I have been able to concoct that wins a vast majority of the time, and I really really like to play this deck, since the feeling of blowing the hell out of the death star is a great feeling.  I love it.  Any suggestions will be EXTREMELY appreciated, since I’m trying to make this my tourney deck (unexpected and VERY fun, I love it).  Thanks

-Dennis ”Alucard” Jeffris

PS - It is to my understanding that Enhanced Proton Torps work the same as Proton Torps in this deck.  If not, exchange as necessary.  Please tell me if they don’t work, thanks.   '