---
author: Zane "Godzanet" Thorp
title: 'No Money, No Parts, No Win'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-30
description: 'This is a speed version of the new Coruscant objective that features Watto.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objectives (1)
No Money, No Parts, No Deal..

Locations (7)
Fondor
Tatooine
Tatooine: Watto’s Junkyard
Tatooine: Mos Espa
Tatooine: Mos Eisley
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Desert Heart

Aliens (10)
Watto x5
Boba Fett w/ Blaster Rifle x2
Dengar w/ Blaster Rifle
Gragra
Televan Koreyy

Imperials (9)
Darth Vader w/ Lightsaber x2
Mara Jade x2
Emperor Palpatine x2
Janus Greejatus
Kir Kanos
Colonel Davod Jon

Other Characters (3)
Darth Maul x2 (Tatooine)
Aks Moe

Starships (6)
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Dominator
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
Executor
Maul’s Sith Infiltrator
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Vehicles (2)
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 6

Weapons (3)
Maul’s Saber
Jade’s Saber
Force Pike

Effects (5)
Allegations of Corruption
Battle Order & First Strike
Secret Plans
Tatooine Celebration
You Cannot Hide Forever & Mobilization Points

Interupts (14)
I Have You Now
Force Lightning
Ghhk
Masterful Move
Maul Strikes
Monnok
Neimoidian Advisor x2
Prepared Defenses
Trample x2
Twi’lek Advisor x2
Weapon Levitation


Strategy: 

Alright, I am a complete moron. In the deck list, the effect is supposed to be Tatooine Occupation, not Celebration. Thanks.

Update. 
    I have replaced a copy of Trample with a copy of Watto’s Chance Cube. I just recently figuerd out how powerful that card can be in the Yard. Thanks for all the great helpful comments.

A first turn flip of this objective means 2 free points of damage. After flipping, you can lay down any high destiny interupt that you want back in your deck, and since your opponent has no force to use, seeing as they haven’t  got a turn yet, they have got to loose 2 force! That rules.

Let’s get to it shall we. Let us start with a bit of explanation about the choices that are in the deck.

Characters
This deck has a very unusual choice of characters. That is probably going to be the thing that people notice first. But you have to keep in mind that this deck is supposed to work real fast. That is why, with the exception of Darth Vader and Darth Maul, you can deploy any character to Mos Espa first turn. And if the light gives you even one force icon, you can drop those bad boys also. Drop the first of many Wattos to the yard, and BAAM! First turn flip. 
Here is a list of who and why.

Gragra: What a cool cheap character! He, she, it, whatever it is drops for 1 and is a power 4 at Mos Espa. Plus it’s ability to bounce a character back early in the game can make them think a little bit when they decide to beat down.

Televan Koreyy: Frozen Assets and Beggar are canceled. Deploy for 0. Draws a destiny at Mos Espa when unable to otherwise. And makes Watto a power 4. What else could you want in a cheap character. He’s a bad man.

Kir Kanos: Let’s face it. This guy has not seen much action since the poor fella came out of Reflections II, but here he is. A power 5 that deploys for 2. That rocks. Let me also explain this. You have Watto and the Emperor over at the yard looking at some junk, and the light has Han and Chewie over at Mos Espa while you have nobody. You drop Kir Kanos and you OCCUPY the site. Flip the objective and drop a card for the objective. They either lose 2, or you deploy something with Kir. If they do choose to lose, then you don’t pay the force to keep Kir Kanos around and send him to the used pile to do it again later. That is cool.

Colonel Davod Jon: On Tatooine this Imperial can make his presence known.  
He is a power 5 that can draw destiny that even has a little immunity at either Mos Espa or the Junkyard. All of this for 4 force. Cheap and powerful.

Aks Moe: I bet this one gets a couple of laughs. But lets face it. Power 3 ability 3 that deploys for 2 and forfiets for 5. ’Nuff said.



Let’s get on with the matchups.


vs. Watch Your Step
	Well this matchup is going to be fun. Whenever both sides want the same locations, it can always get a bit dicey. But this deck should be able to pull it off. Just use for sabers and guns to reduce their forfeit to 0. Your space force is more than enough to hold Kessel and Tatooine. The only thing that is going to ruin your day is all of those battle destinies. If it comes down to it, just try to herd them towards the junkyard where they can’t get any destinies. Just beat and repeat as needed.

vs. Profit
	I couldn’t decide if I wanted to deploy aliens or not, so I ended up not deploying anything on the off chance that I couldn’t pull off the first turn flip by losing 2 of my characters. Otherwise this matchup is a lot like the one above. 

vs. Mains
	I have whipped these matchups every time. Speed can do that to a mains deck. Play smart and keep making them pay for any mistakes they make. Losing or using 2 force every turn can slow these decks down. 

vs. EBO
	Tatooine Occupation is going to do all of your dirty work. Save Maul for space to keep it up there. The rest is easy.

Every other matchup is going to be touch and go. In case you haven’t noticed, I play a lot of my decks that way. React to the light and play well.

See ya. 
