---
layout: post
author: ! Charlie "Bad Player" Herren
title: ! "Oh  You Didn’t know  "
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-05-12
description: ! 'The deck that I’ve been playing since 2 weeks after R2 was released. Used to win the GA state championship.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

' 
AOBS
Coruscant
Cor Imp City
Cor DB
Death Star DB
Wakeelmui/Kuat (Kuat at states, wakeelmui every other time)

Emperor Palpatine x5
Xizor x2
Guri x2
IG with gun x2
4LOM with gun
Fett with gun
Dengar with gun x2
Djas Puhr
Snoova
Vigo x3

Vibro-Ax

Fett in ship
Bossk in bus
Zuckuss in ship
Stinger

IAO
Mob Points
Crush the Rebellion
POTF x2
Broken Concentration
Bad Feeling Have I
Secret Plans
Search and Destroy
No Escape
First Strike
Blast Door Controls

Prepared Defenses
Twilek Advisor x2
A Dangerous Time x2
Projective Telepathy x2 
Evader/Monnok x2
Force Lightning x2
Imperial Barrier
I Have You Now
Jabba’s Through With You
Sniper/Dark Strike
Control/Set For Stun
Oh Switch Off  '

Strategy: '

Here’s the AOBS deck that I played at the Georgia State Championships and before, going through many different versions before settling on the one listed above.

Here’s the mods made right before states. The version I played up until states played 3 Emperors and was still incredible.
Added
2 Emperors
I Have You Now
Bad Feeling Have I
Removed
Vigo
Snoova
Put All Sections On Alert
Executor DB

Either way you play this deck, it works out pretty well. I personally prefer the 5 emperor version due to insane average destiny and the better matchup against TIGIH scouts and WYS beatdown.

You get the direct damage rolling early, and if the opponent drops something to the ground, you beat the sh1t out of it. Use A Dangerous Time (with or without Broken Concentration) to keep your opponent at bay. Check your force pile whenever you can to keep duplicates out of your hand.
Here’s a breakdown of how this deck matches up against popular decks out there

vs. TIGIH scouts
Some people say that this is a tough matchup for the AOBS deck, when it really isn’t. If you get a fast start, as this deck often does, then you can handle scouts pretty easily. Character removal is their biggest weakness, and this deck has enough of that to count. Monnok for portals and Insertion Planning. You should be able to get off a battle for around 15 cards in battle damage. 

vs. EBOX/HBX
Hah Monnok this deck as often as possible. Monnok, Monnok, No Escape, Monnok, First strike, retrieve monnok, monnok... you get the drift. After 3 monnoks or so, you should be able to own your opponent in space. First Strike/Broken Concentration really helps here, as you can keep the opponent from playing Organized Attack very easily with this.

vs. hidden mains/throneroom
A pretty good matchup, but not easy. The force choke this deck gives is enough to cause the opponent some problems. Use POTFs to beat guys up at DBs as needed. If you can get Snoova and capture Luke (which is why I played 2 snoovas up until states), then the game should be yours.

vs. Profit 
Start Djas Puhr and Fett with gun. Monnok for SAC, Ben Kenobi, Master Luke, whatever you can get. Keep in mind that your Evader/Monnoks are immune to Sense with Crush the Rebellion on table. Drop Vigos and whatever to Tatooine as you see fit. Emperor at the AC can keep Boussh out of there (Force Lightning).

vs. QMC
Monnoks can help here as well, as you can check for Paths and such. If you can nail Paths with a Monnok, strike on Luke with a quickness. Not an easy matchup in the least.

vs WYS beats
Emperor Palpy is the key here. Set up shop in the Cantina and wait for your opponent to commit Han and/or Luke somewhere. Stay at one site on tatooine, and use Force Lightning to fry Han. You have 2 Force Lightnings, they have 2 Hans. Go to space if you see an opening.

vs WYS raiders
You are given enough force to Monnok this deck on turn 1, so do so every time. Early monnoks should help you win this matchup by 20ish, as you can slow them down trememdously and potentially completely roll over them.

I’ll write more later as needed. 
Have fun with it while you can..
Later,
Charlie Herren  '