---
layout: post
author: Holger "Paingod" Schulz
title: 'Blow The @#$%ing Bunker Away'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-27
description: 'A Rebel Strike Team Deck which makes fun to play.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting(7):
Rebel Strike Team / Garrison Destroyed
Endor
Endor: Rebel Landing Site
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Insurrection
Squadron Assignments
Strike Planning

Epic Events(1):
Deactivate The Shield Generator

Admirals Order(1):
I`ll Take The Leader

Effects(4):
Mantellian Savrip
Battle Plan
Menace Fades
Close Air Support

Interrupts(6):
The Signal
Take The Initiative
Insertion Planning
Throw Me Another Chargex2
Houjix

Locations(7):
Kessel
Home One: Docking Bay
Endor: Landing Platform
Endor: Bunker
Endor: Hidden Forest Trail
Endor: Dense Forest
Endor: Back Door

Weapons(3):
Explosive Chargex2
Luke´s Lightsaber

Starships(6):
Green Squadron 3
Gold Squadron 1
Red Squadron 1
Liberty
Tala 1
Tala 2

Charakters(25):
Corporal Beezer
Luke Skywaler, Jedi Knight
Tycho Celchu
Ithorianx3
Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout
Daughter Of Skywalerx2
Chewbacca Of Kashyykx2
General Solox2
Colonal Cracken
Lieutenant Blount
General Crix Madine
Corporal Kensaric
Sergean Brooks Carlson
Corporal Midge
Sergeant Junkin
Sergeant Bruckman
Wuta
Orimaarko
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
General Calrissian




Strategy: 

This is the style how I play Rebel Strike Team / Garrison Destroyed
I played it several times and mostly it was successful.
Sure it has a few problems with some kind of Darkside Decks ( e.g. if a lot of those @#$%ing bounty hunters with guns are battling my low-ability scouts ) but if you play smart you could handle it.

Start the game with:

	RST / GD
	Endor
	Endor: Rebel Landing Site ( Forest )
	Heading For The Medical Frigate
	Strike Planning
	Squadron Assignments
	Insurrection

Before you activate in the first turn - pull two generals from your Reserve Deck.
One of these two must be General Crix Mardine the second one depends on your starting hand.
Mostly I pull General Calrissian because there are 2 General Solo´s in the Deck so you will soon
draw one.
In your deploy phase you search for the Home One: Docking Bay and you use the squadron 
assignments  to play General Calrissian and the Gold Squadron 1 to Endor.
If your opponent gives you one or more force icons you play also General Crix Mardine to the
Home One: Docking Bay or to the Gold Squadron 1 ( who you think it will be better for this important guy ).
You can now use its game text to pull a scout from Reserve Deck.
From now it depends on what you want to do first: Go to the ground or to strengthen your situation
on Endor.

Later in the game when you have flipped the Objective you should concentrate to blow away the
bunker.
At this time the cards you need ( Explosive Charges, Throw Me Another Charge and Sergeant Junkin ) should be in your hand and so you can easily destroy the Bunker. 

Try to get out I´ll Take The Leader and Close Air Support quickly in the game!!!

With Battle Plan and Menace Fades you will slow down every fast ground or space drain deck.

Kessel will be a nice drain if your opponent is weak in space - but more important is to control
( or at least occupy ) Endor ( Close Air Support ).

With Mantellian Savrip and Houjix you will have in most cases no problems with the battle damage.

And with the Ithorians you can raise your Force Drains on Endor.

Remember the new card  &#8222;The Shield Is Down&#8220; ( Force generation +1 on each Endor site / Deploy Back Door from Reserve Deck and you receive 8 force when bunker is blown away ( opponent must place their hand in the Used Pile )) from the coming expansion it will extremely boost this deck.

No special matchups - you must alway have a closer look what your opponent is going to do but in almost every match you will play the same strategy.

That´s all
Thanks for reading and rating 

Holger 