---
layout: post
author: ! Cat "CatLoneRogue" Ceder
title: ! 'Ah...hunting we will go...'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-07
description: ! 'This is a Hunt Down The Quuen, Court style deck. So far its undefeated in 6 games'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'=Starting Stuff-
Court Of The Vile Gangster
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba’s Palace Dungeon
Tatooine Great Pit Of Carkoon
Prepared Defense
Crush The Rebellion
I Will Find Them Quickly, Master
Fanfare

-Locations-
Dagobah Cave
Death Star 2 Throne Room
Executor Meditation Chamber
Tatooine Desert Landing x2

-Characters-
Darth Maul x4
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand x2
Darth Vader With Lightsaber x2
Sim Aloo
Aurra Sing
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Prince Xizor
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Janus Greejatus x2
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
Guri
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba
Sith Probe Droid x3
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Emperor Palpatine x3

-Weapons-
Maul’s Lightsaber x2
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

-Podracers-
Sebulba’s Podracer

-Interrupts/Effects-
Sniper & Dark Strike
Evader & Monnok
Dark Jedi Presence
Search & Destroy
Weapon Levitation
Come Here You Big Coward
First Strike
Elis Helrot
You Are Beaten
Imperial Barrier
His Name Is Anakin
Podrace Collision
Twi’lek Advisor
Force Lightning
Endor Occupation
I Have You Now
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down

-Epic Events-
If The Trace Was Correct
'

Strategy: '

Greetings all this is my so far undefeated HuntDown The Queen, Imperial Style deck. It’s gone up against There Is Good In Him/Eloms, Tatooine Mains & Toys, Tatooine w/Podracing, Quiet Mining Colony, Watch Your Step/Kessel and another deck (of which had quite a bit of space but not a HB deck).

The first turn asides from setting you the normal stuff is relatively simple, before you activate get If The Trace Was Correct, activate, and go from there. The number of characters in the deck should garnish you some to begin. I’ve noticed in some of my games that I have about 4 characters in my opening hand. So I usually drop one at Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber and then fortify that. Also, I’ve noticed that I get a site in my hand more often than not even with the amount that are in the deck.

Other than that, it’s played like a simple deck that’s Dark Side. Fortify your locations let your opponent get suckered into deploying at your Twix sites then drop Come Here You Big Coward. With the power that the characters have you shouldn’t have to much of a problem.

Just prior to typing this I had You Swindled Me but I switched that out for a You Are Beaten, on the request of a friend Alex, who showed me that it could be much more useful so I did, and relaized that it would indeed be more so cause I have 3 character’s with Lightsabers, and when you battle against a TIGIH/Elom deck w/ Darth Maul, Darth Vader With Lightsaber and Mara Jade you get Luke, you YAB Obi-Wan and then kill KFC that usually brings about the game.

The Podracer’s in the deck for a just in case my opponet does Race, which happened and I won, but that’s besides the point. I don’t expect to see alot of Podracing decks but I want to be preparred. People ask why I don’t drop Teemto’s in there it’s a 5, yes, a 5 is better than a 3, but I like the +3 w/the Destinies in the deck that makes it all the more nastier.

The Effects were chosen for this deck for their ability to help it streamline and keep it alive, and you’ll notice that the Interrupts are all keyed for usefullnes, as well tech and Elis Helrot is coming back as well... Yeah Baby...

You’ll notice that there’s no Space, yes I know what about Menace Fades, well fine I will loose my force drain bonuses of my lightsaber...okay, I still have the 1 in the AC, 1 @ the Great Pit of Carkoon so that’s 2, plus they will loose 1 to my Objective and 1 to Search & Destroy. Now this is thinking that it’s a complete Space deck. Well if they’re not playing complete space and have some ground I will go there and Force Drain as well. I figured that if my opponent is going to go space it’s gonna be a hardcore space deck w/Power Pivots and stuff that’ll be a pain. So why waste the time going there I’ll just stay on the ground and hurt you there. And again if you come to my door I will bust it over your head. )

Pretty much everything in the deck is played as normal...

If I had the space I would added some other cards
Sniper & Dark Strike (another)
Space (yes, Space)
Elis Helrot (another)
Secret Plans - It was that or something more important. Even tho retrieval is good for the lightside.. If you can think of something to take out to add Secret Plans without killing the concept please let me know.


And on some other notes, you’ll notice it has 4 Mauls, that’s key to get him out ASAP and you’ll see it has 2 Tatooine Desert Landings again, somewhat ket but not Uberimportant Just getting out Maul is, however for a Secret Plans I may take 1 of them out. Please advise me of what you think, but so far Secret Plans hasn’t been needed. Also, you’ll see that there are 3 Emperors, that’s key to Attrition/Weapon Destiny, recycled with Janus, of which there is 2 to get him out. All in all the deck hasn’t failed me and it is quite potent.

Thanks for the reviews and the assistance if any.

Cat "The Garindan/Watto Collector" Ceder
Rogue 14, Alderaan '