---
layout: post
author: Eric "bounty22" Hunter
title: 'Da Pretzel Money'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-18
description: 'mains, draining, activation, good.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

 
locations(7)
Bespin 
Bespin: Cloud City 
Cloud City: East Platform (Docking Bay) 
Cloud City: Upper Walkway(start)
Coruscant: Docking Bay 
Death Star II: Docking Bay 
Executor: Docking Bay 

Characters (18)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle 
Admiral Ozzel 
Arica 
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle 
Brangus Glee 
Captain Bewil 
Darth Maul 
Darth Vader With Lightsaber  x2
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba 
Emperor Palpatine  x2
Guri 
IG-88 With Riot Gun 
Janus Greejatus  x2
Mighty Jabba 
Prince Xizor 

Vehicles (2)
Blizzard Scout 1 
Tempest Scout 4 

Starships (5)
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth 
Dengar In Punishing One 
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser 
Stinger 
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 

Interrupts (13)
Endor Occupation 
Evader & Monnok  x2
Force Lightning  x2
I Have You Now 
Imperial Barrier  x2
Prepared Defenses (start)
Sniper & Dark Strike 
Trample  x2
Twi’lek Advisor 

Effects (14)
Blast Door Controls 
Cloud City Occupation 
Crush The Rebellion (start)
First Strike 
Imperial Arrest Order(start) 
Lateral Damage 
No Escape 
Search And Destroy 
Secret Plans (start)
Security Precautions 
There Is No Try & Oppressive(start) Enforcement 
There’ll Be Hell To Pay  x2
You Cannot Hide Forever 

objective(1)
This Deal Is Getting Worse All The Time/Pray I Don’t Alter It Any Further 


Strategy: 

Dark has problems. With WYS, dark dosen’t have much other then the brangus deck to beat it. Some people say pod racing huntdown, or ties. But the fact is those decks can be beaten. Infact they are decks that you know how to play against and no matter the match up a good player should beat them. So with the lack of mob points to jack the dark activation up, dark has few options. However I came up with this deck.

to Play this deck you get out the db’s and bespin locations. then you delpoy and react to what your opponent plays. set up with your board control and delpoy the right charecter to the right locations. this means to make th right judjment, don’t deploy janus alone. however with an at-st and some tramples, that is a site you can hold. Or don’t leave maul alone, just play this smart and listen to the rest of the strategy and you’ll have a winning deck.

Activation:
Bespin, CC, the 2/1 site you start, 3 1/0 db’s. that is 10 force. Emperor, 11, the cc db is 12, security precautions is 13. I have to stress that this is good enough to use and win with. Against most light decks, infact against all but 1 or 2 which is Hayes’ brilliant pile and mess decks, you will be getting 2-4 force from them. This will be more then enough to do what the deck needs to do.

Draining:
This deck can drain for 5 on it’s own, then occupation can be set up and search and destroy. Most games this will not matter, for like most decks that use heavy mains, you take opponents locations then drain at them.

Taking and delivering the smacks:
This deck gets board control with tramples, force lightnings, and your mains. It controls opponents hand with the constant monok threat. It gives no more then 3 force in most games. If you are taking a smack, simply put, you won’t. With bespin if u just start draining then opponents charecters delpoy +1 to your sites. That actualy will catch many people off guard. To deliver the smacks use your force lightnings and tramples to leave 2 crappers to smack around for 10+ force. This deck has high enough destinies, because of Janus and first strike for retrieving high destiny cards.

So any way you may think it’s a generic mains deck and well it is for the most part. However this deck has some weirder card choices that I find pay off. Here they are.
Captain Bewil- Should be renamed I kill qmc. Helped me smack corran up for 18 overflow.
Brangus- Destiny 3 pilot, power +2 at cantina, can use his ability with 4 db’s. All round a big surprise that has payed off.
And that is it…. Oh yeah this deck has a big surprise factor, believe it or not a lot of people do not see I am not starting I’m sorry and have screwed up with his start. Also if opponent hasn’t seen this deck then they will have no clue what to do and expect, so they can’t react the proper way they would.

Match ups. I feel there is 5 decks to think about, anything else is probably jank.
HB flip-
You set up occupation, search and destroy while mess them up in space with maul and Dengar. Use security precautions to probe, you get a lot of activation so you should be set. This deck has never been a problem for me.

Wys-
Smack em hard and use there locations against them. Don’t think about space unless u can stop the barrier and can totally win. No escape to do the spaceport db beat. Drain, trample and force lightning are key. Just play this right and you can win, I have only lost to my brothers wys by 15. The deck can beat wys as long as you play it right.

Qmc-
You can put up a fight in space, but the ground smack is more important then bespin. I feel this deck is one of the easiest to beat compared to these other 4, not much to say other then small force choke and to get bewil…oh the bewil.

Rst-
Don’t let them blow the bunker. Smack crix early, trample and force lightning scouts. This deck isn’t hard to beat in the first place, this deck only makes it easier.

Da pile-
Set up on cloud city, then bespin you can out battle them, use monok and remember crush. Beggar is tough, but can be dealt with. Just play the deck. Oh yeah barrier is your friend.

Well the how to beat a deck section kinda stunk but just play it right and the deck will do nothing but help you win the match up. Any questions, just dmail me. 
Thanx
-eric hunter 
