---
layout: post
author: ! Geoff "Loaf" Gallo-Cornell
title: ! "Somebody Set Up Us The Bomb"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-09
description: ! "This deck sets MKOS up the bomb."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(7)
Agents In The Court
Hutt Trade Route
TatooineJP (against MKOS)
  or  tat AC (against everything else)
HFMTF
DoDN/Wise Advice
Staging Areas
Insurrection


Locations(4)
Tat AC (if not started)
Tat JP (if not started)
Lars Moisture Farm
Home One Dbay
Tat Dbay

Characters(15)
Corran Horn
Owen & Beru x2
Rennek
Geezum
EPP Han x2
EPP Leia x2
Jedi Luke 
Lando W/ Boo-Ya Axe x2
Ben Kenobi x2
Chewbacca, Protector

Effects(11)
Uh-Oh
Grabber x2
Draw Their Fire
I Hope She’s Alright
Honor
Order To Engage
Bo Shuda
Ounee Ta
Frozen Assets
Affect Mind (yes, affect mind)

Interrupts(19)
Harvest x4
Weapon Lev
OOC/TT x2
Bith Shuffle/DR
It’s A Trap
The Signal x3
I Know x2
Rebel Barrier
Choke
Fallen Portal
Jedi Prescence
Slight Weapons Malfunction

Vechicles(1)
Skiff

Creatures(3)
Worrt x3 '

Strategy: '

update 
since everyone hates 3 worrts so much (sure ya do) ditch one for another jedi luke. 2 should be enough worrts, and another destiny 6 never hurts

also, since i know someon will bring it up, just use geezum as your rep, since he is a snivvian. 
-------

Ok, this deck is a choker on MKOS, which has been pretty popular lately. It limits their force, and keeps their options limited in the beginning. It also works well as a mains/harvest platform vs other decks, since not everyone plays MKOS.

Just play it like a mains deck, and it’ll work, trust me.

Cards

Skiff -- why do i play this jank card? lets see. i know, its because now my characters dont get stuck at the desert heart, darn i hate that site why not a racing skiff. well, i like the extra power of this one, and the higher capacity.

Worrt -- hes a mean tech trick right here. you stick him, rennek (not necessary, but he helps), at the AC, when they have a guy there, and you use bo shuda and order to engage. this totally screws them. they basically lose 3 force every turn for the rest of the game, unless they play point man, in which case they will lose for one less turn, because you will harvest to get it back, then signal for it. its golden. this works vs all decks, but works the best against CCT, MKOS and Court since they usually need to control that site, but little do they know that they are screwed.

Slight Weapons Malfunction -- destiny adder with the EPPS

Jedi Prescence -- gives that little extra power to swing the battle into your favor vs mkos swarm and fortress versions

fallen portal -- as twigg put it best, no LS deck is complete without one

choke -- is ephant mon giving you the blues? is mighty jabba adding too many destinys for you to handle? is bib just being gay? fix them all

Barrier -- no brainer, it also prevents beat and runs at the AC, so you can make sure to pull off the worrt/OTE combo

I Know + EPP Han + EPP Leia + Chewie Protector = five destinys of madness and some insane power. throw in jedi luke and a jedi prescence, and its all good

The Signal -- all your effects are good to get out early, and it makes sure you have OTE when you need it.

Its A Trap -- prevents beatdowns on owen and beru, as well as cancel sniper/dark strike

Weapon Lev -- oh so good. it steals snoovas axe and cancels YAB, and its easily recyclable, NICE

harvest -- its a drug that im addicted to

Affect Mind -- mega tech right here folks. everyone stocks a site with 4-5 ability, right? well, they just got screwed. you drop ben or luke with this, and battle, you get destiny, they dont. beatdowns are even more efficent now

Ounee Ta -- rops is a headache no more (take that chu)

Honor -- its still good

I Hope She’s Alright -- makes them come to you against non-mkos decks

uh-oh -- makes bo shuda that much better

ben -- hes a doctor who saves owen and beru countless times

lando -- hes good. real good

geezum -- gets out the other sites, like lars MF and the chamber/JP (whichever you didnt start)

Rennek -- keeps worrt from killing and being killed, and makes the whole OTE thing flawless

corran -- undercover spies are such a pain

home one dbay -- makes MKOS harder to flip

DoDN/WA -- free grabbers, espically handy for those first turn twi’leks and imperial commands

now for some matchups

MKOS -- PUH-LEASE. this deck is built to beat it. the choke, plus the AC tech is just mean, and most MKOS’s have no chance in hell of winning

Court/CCT -- control the AC, and you win. OTE is a charm in these decks. use the EPPS to beatdown on them for lots of damage

ISB -- tough, but it can be beaten, espically if they cant handle the harvests. ISB scum sucks vs this deck, since they get nailed in the AC

Hunt Down -- just relax, take visage, and harvest it back. try to cancel visage, but its ok if you dont. luke and ben are good to duel with, but set up your destiny first or you are done. tought matchup

BHBM -- give them jedi luke, and say good day sir. the tie vs sucks against i hope shes alright. EPPs win battles, and its a trap cancels those that you cant win

other stuff -- play by ear, and try to lure them to the AC, then drop bo shuda, OTE and worrt, then they are screwed.

ok, any questions, d-mail me. its a good deck, and it eats up scum for breakfast.

--Geoff ”Loaf” Gallo-Cornell
'