---
layout: post
author: Brian "HuntaWarya" Hunter
title: 'HB Flip done RIGHT aka I am Sick of Hunt Down'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-17
description: ! 'By popular demand, here is the light deck that swept the Denver World Championship Qualifier'
rating: 5.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Hidden Base/Systems Will Slip Through Your Fingers

Locations (9)
Rendezvous Point
Hidden Base Indicator (of your choosing)
Endor
Tibrin
Tatooine
Kessel
Kiffex
Kashyyyk
 Forest

Characters (15)
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Epp Luke x2
Keir Santage
General Calrissian
Nien Numb
Dash Rendar
Mirax Terrik
Epp Obi-Wan x2
Tycho Celchu
Melas
Tk-422
Boussh
Corran Horn

Starships (8)
Red Squadron 1
Red Squadron 7
Gold Squadron 1
Outrider
Pulsar Skate
Green Squadron 3
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Spiral

Interrupts (15) 
Heading For the Medical Frigate
Out of Nowhere & Houjix
On the Edge x3
A Few Maneuvers
Run Luke Run
Transmission Terminated
Darklighter Spin
It Could Be Worse
It’s a Hit x2
The Signal
Rebel Barrier
Power Pivot

Effects (9)
Your Insight Serves You Well
Strike Planning
Squadron Assignments
Honor of The Jedi
Bacta Tank
Projection of a Skywalker
Menace Fades
Order To Engage
Do or Do Not/Wise Advice

Podracers (1)
Anakin’s Podracer

Admiral’s Orders (1)
I’ll Take the Leader

Weapons (1)
X-wing Laser Cannon '

Strategy: '

 
If you just can’t stand Hunt Down anymore (or in particular, Hunt Down Podracing), then this is the deck for you.  It drains, it prevents drains, it retrieves, it battles, it causes direct damage, and it prevents direct damage.  It shuts down BHBM and Hunt Down cold.  It beats big blue at their own game.  It dominates speed deal (or even slow deal), and can even cripple the mighty Walker Garrison.  And as with other "done RIGHT" decks, it has a perfect record in sanctioned play.  Average differential  +25.33

Starting cards
Start Strike Planning and Squadron Assignments.  This deck has a "free slot" in it’s starting cards.  You can just pick whatever you think will serve you best.  WA/DODN, YISYW, and Menace Fades are your options.

Early game
Pull Calrissian with strike planning if you don’t already have him in your draw.  deploy endor, start dropping pilot/ship pairs at the rendezvous point for dirt cheap, and move them out to endor for free (where you opponent doesn’t even get to activate any force.  supa sweet)  Keep deploying more systems every turn.  Drop Projection and Undercover spies to lessen early drains.

Mid game
Begin moving your ships out to other systems.  The falcon can fly from endor to kiffex or tibrin, and other ships can make the hop as well with help from AFM, or you can just 2-turn-hop them over.  When possible, take over systems related to where your opponent is draining, so that you can cancel drains with It’s a Hit that might have made it past your UC spies.  

Late Game
Flip your objective.  Decimate your opponent’s feeble star destroyers/bounty hunter ships as they desperately try to probe your hidden base.  Use the objective to cancel even more drains, and to make them use force to draw cards, which they will then have to waste by probing.  Big drains at the systems are likely.  Use your epps for suicide strikes or to set up menace fades at the <>forest.  Play on the edge to up your differential.  

Pretty straightforward, eh?  Not a real complicated design, but undeniably effective.  

Card choices

Mini-falcon  pulling calrissian with strike planning guarantees that the falcon will hit the table every game.  not using the super falcon allows the use of the han and leia personas as undercover spies.

<>Forest  allows you to circumvent Search & Destroy and Battle Order.  Can also be used to establish Menace Fades, or as a safer place to deploy Luke vs. Agents of the Black Sun, when their docking bays are chock full o’ guys.

Keir Santage  deploys on his ship at the rendezvous point for free.  Allows wedge to deploy on his ship at the rendezvous point for a total of 1 force.  That’s 11 power, battle destiny, cancel the opponent’s battle destiny, for 1 force.  And either of them can mount the x-wing cannon, and then move em to endor for free.

Tycho Celchu  deploys on his ship at the rend. point for just 1 force.  That’s 6 power and battle destiny, plus immunity.  He also is a rogue squadron pilot, for teaming with Wedge.  And lastly, he’s a spy, if you can’t find anyone else to go cancel that visage.

Projection  Go kick the crap out of that dumb monnok or ghhhk that they have on their imperial holotable.  Or just make a drain -1.  High destiny

Transmission Terminated  Or, just blow up the holotable and make them lose 4 force.  Also cancels visage of course, and is high destiny.  

Power Pivot/Darklighter Spin  Power Pivot drops the Executor.  Darklighter Spin can do the same.  Particularly useful against Guri or Imperial Commands.  (especially if the manuever of your falcon is 10 at the time, courtesy of corran horn and a few manuevers)

It’s a hit  Cancels It’s Worse when they try to make you pay for using ICBW against the podrace damage.  Also cancels tallon roll, counter assault, elis helrot (when vader wants to beat on your spy who just cancelled the visage), and limited resources.  Oh yeah, and it cancels force drains, too.  What a card. 

I’ll Take the Leader  Give Red squadron 7 immunity to attrition.  Makes most of your other ships near invulnerable.  Reduces power of bounty hunter ships, and reduces TIEs to little gnats.  Can also just be used to stop direct damage from WIAPN, or to make that garrison deck stop deploying walkers from reserve deck with Battle deployment.  

Tibrin  Can be used to retrieve any card you desperately need, whether it is one of your dead undercover spies, a system you shouldn’t have lost off reserve deck, a TT to recancel visage, the RLR to save Luke from duels, or just about anything else you could possibly want.  Ditched Insight for Honor, and then discovered your opponent has 3720 to 1?  Get insight back.  You can even lose cards from hand to pull back an on the edge, and then retrieve the cards you just lost, to up your late game differential.  This card can bail you out of many desperate situations.  Only problem is, this deck doesn’t seem to get in any desperate situations.  It has won every game by more than 15 cards.  No nail-biters here.  

Possible card additions, based on local meta

Aim High  stop the podrace retrieval, the SFS retrieval, or even the S & V retrieval.

Don’t Do That Again/Grabber  People in your area just won’t stop using mob points?  You’ve got that open slot I mentioned in your starting effects, so feel free to start with DDTA.  Then yank your grabber from reserve deck, which can give you added defense against sense/alter, imperial commands, or even All power to Weapons.    

You are now free to conquer the galaxy.  Enjoy.

'