---
layout: post
author: ! brad "swccguy" eier
title: ! "no r3, dark side"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-10-28
description: ! 'its pretty good. not that many bad matchups'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Endor ops/jizz

endor
endor bunker
endor db 
executor db
fondor
kashyyyk
kessel
sullust

GA thrawn
adm piett
com merrejik
adm chiraneau
adm ozzel
cpt godherdt
com igar
gen veers
guri
u-3po (yoo-threepio)
arica
keder the black

scythe squad tie x 2
zuckuss in MH
fett in S1
bossk in HT
dreadnaught
dominator
chimaera
executor

tempest 1
blizzard 2

batle deployment

imperial command x 3
dark manuevers & tallon roll x 2
twilek advisor x 2
trample x 2
tarkins orders
projective telepathy
prepared defenses
ghhhk & those rebels

hell to pay x 3
iao/plans
YCHF/mob points
do they have a code clerance
wipe them out
ominous rumours
imperial decree
first strike
lateral damage
CHYBC
no try/oppressive

sebulbas podracer

'

Strategy: '

well eops has always been solid, and has always been under-appreciated by many.  this is based off a deck i saw a while back.  i think coruscant helped this deck, and r3 will make this deck better.

for starting do iao, mob point and no try usually.
you want to fish out locations with merijik if you can.  try to setup a ship or 2 at most of the systems. do rumors and setup walkers at the db and random guys + ghhhk in the bunker

vs racing well you start sebulba.  grab racing interrupts for 2 reasons. 1 they stack them then have to pay force to play more and so they cant deploy as much or afford secret plans. 2 if they do win the race, then they wont have as many lost cards to retrieve.  if its vs dagobah or other hit and run racer decks, chybc and projective are big.  wipe them out helps vs i did it.  just play smart and be ready for the suidice epps.

vs wys if its raiders, wipe them out helps.  you start a bg system so ddta doesnt hurt much.  you can setup a lone guy at the bunker and he will likely stay there all game.  tallon roll can be useful if you play it at the right time.  your ao is huge, as is guri.  grab harvest and on the edge.  you have 3 uc spys for the catina drain, as well as tarkins orders.  

vs qmc attack bespin early and stockpile stuff there.  with chiraneau and rumors you can get a drain of 5 there.  use uc spies as well as decree to slow their ground drains.  grab any "edge" cards and try to prevent celebration.

vs new dueler well my deck doesnt run dark jedi.  so your uc spies and decree are huge.  you will have free reign in space as the dueler seems more ground geared.  

vs podprofit drain race but you have uc spies.  

vs other play smart. drain in space.  be careful on the ground

'