---
author: Doug "Phrim" Faust
title: 'The Pauli Exclusion Principle by Faust'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-27
description: 'High Destiny Hunt Down--Exclude everyone from battle then beat on their lone scrub.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

THE PAULI EXCLUSION PRINCIPLE
Version 6.0 by Doug Faust

Starting (9)
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/TFHGOOTU
Executor: Holotheatre
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Visage Of The Emperor
Epic Duel
Prepared Defenses
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
No Escape

Locations (3)
Cloud City: East Platform (Docking Bay) 
Death Star: Docking Bay 327 
Executor: Docking Bay 

Characters (14)
Darth Vader With Lightsaber  x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith  x3
Dengar With Blaster Carbine 
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba 
Emperor Palpatine  x2
Janus Greejatus 
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand  x2
Prince Xizor 
Snoova 

Starships (3)
Boba Fett In Slave I 
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth 
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 

Interrupts (21)
Counter Assault 
Focused Attack 
Force Lightning 
I Have You Now 
Imperial Barrier 
Masterful Move 
Operational As Planned  x2
Put All Sections On Alert  x2
Sniper & Dark Strike  x2
The Circle Is Now Complete 
This Is Some Rescue!  x2
Twi’lek Advisor  x2
Vader’s Obsession 
Weapon Levitation  x2
You Are Beaten 

Effects (5)
Blast Door Controls 
Come Here You Big Coward! 
Reactor Terminal 
Search And Destroy 
Visage Of The Emperor

Weapons (5)
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber  x2
Vader’s Lightsaber  x2
Vibro-Ax  

Strategy: 

GENERAL STRATEGY

This is a deck I’ve been playing in some form or another since before DecipherCon ’99, and it’s still good.  The basic premise of this deck is to win via battle damage and Visage.  This deck is made to battle on the ground.  There are three major themes:

1. Destiny.  The destiny in this deck is incredible, with 25 cards of destiny 4 and above.  If you can track, it’s pretty easy to always draw those 6’s, especially late game.  Some of the destiny is easily recyclable, but for the rest, I’ve got mechanisms to get them back into your deck: Operational As Planned, Janus Greejatus, and of course Reactor Terminal.

2. Exclusion.  This deck uses all the great destiny it has to do one thing: exclude as many characters as possible then beat down on whoever’s left for huge battle damage.  Here’s a list of ways you can screw over the other person in battle:

- Choke Vader.  With the right destiny tracked, you can knock of most mains without a sweat.
- Dr. Evazan.  The old standby, this guy is great because he can knock out multiple characters in the same battle.
- You Are Beaten.  Make their biggest character go take a bathroom break.
- Snoova.  Capturing people is a piece of cake with the destiny in this deck.
- Dark Strike.  Well, if you don’t have Dr. E, this is the next best thing.
- Sniper.  Don’t you hate it when people sit their beefy characters in front of you and expect you to battle?  Knock out one and take out the rest.
- Force Lightning.  Track a 6 and fry Luke, just like the movie. :-)
- Dueling cards.  Though this is really more of a last resort, because if you lose you’re screwed, knocking out Luke or Ben and then battling what’s left works too.
- Put All Sections On Alert.  Sorry EPP Obi, no Lightsaber, no destiny.
- Prince Xizor.  With ol’ Stinky, you only have to knock them down to 4 or 5 ability to stop them from drawing destiny.
- Weapon Levitation.  We don’t want Vader getting hit, now do we?  Jedi Luke doesn’t need to have extra power either.

That about sums up that part of the deck.  Suffice to say, hitting characters with Mara, Vader, and Dengar is pretty easy too, so once you’re done, they shouldn’t have much power or forfeit left.

3. Visage.  Visage is great, it puts the pressure on them to deploy stuff quickly instead of saving up for a one-time beatdown.  And even if you’re not draining for too much, the Visage damage keeps the game moving along.  Clearly it’s important to protect your Visage though, as a lot of people are fond of canceling it.  To this end, I’m using 2x This Is Some Rescue, a destiny 6 Used Interrupt that cancels Out Of Commission (and therefore Trans Term).  Everyone’s using the combo as opposed to plain ol’ Trans Term, so it’ll always work.  Using this instead of Holonet because the 2 destiny just doesn’t fit well into this deck, even though you can fetch it with Masterful.  Whether you want to play TISR or just play more Visages is a judgement call, Visage does have better destiny, but you’re burning a card and losing out on 1-2 turns worth of Visage damage by waiting to deploy it.  I do however have one backup copy of Visage, because bad things do happen.

DECK NOTES

- Don’t underestimate the power of Counter Assault.  You can rack up the damage Counter Assaulting even mains, I won a game once by Counter Assaulting EPP Leia and Tawss.
- My view on dueling is that it’s really a last resort, because you can’t afford to lose and you don’t know what kind of destiny they’re packing or what counters they have.  I only duel in 2 circumstances, (1) if it’s a sure thing, or (2) if I can’t win the game by not dueling.
- In my opinion, starting No Escape is a must.  Too many decks start Insight and will get Honor out first turn against you, so if you can’t find your No Escape you’ll lose.  Starting it eliminates that huge risk.
- Coward is in because I’m playing Hunt Down.  Losing lots of force to drains on the Executor sucks.
- I hate Fallen Portal.  Too bad nothing cancels it.
- Order To Engage might be a problem if they’re being annoying with it, putting Point Man in is an option you might want to take.
- Twigg Tech: If you think they’re going to Weapon Levitation you, play Weapon Lev used during their Control phase; now they can’t because it’s unique.


MATCHUPS

Vs. Throne Room: Pile up on the Death Star, and wait for them to come to you.  Make sure you save enough Force to get around Draw Their Fire.  Frozen Assets sucks some, but you can still do some stuff with Operational As Planned.  Once you kill all their characters, you’re home free.

Vs. Watch Your Step: Vader goes to the Cantina ASAP.  Watch all the little scrubby Smugglers come to you and note how easy they are to choke, hit, etc.  Dengar and Xizor are useful against Palace Raiders, just watch out for Fallen Portal.

Vs. Echo Base.  This is a tough matchup, as they probably won’t come fight you.  Make sure you keep your Visage out, and drop guys at your two battleground docking bays to set up Search And Destroy.  Obviously your three ships won’t be able to take on the entire fleet, but if they spread out, you might be able to get in some nice battle damage.

Vs. Hidden Base.  I really don’t see Hidden Base that much any more, if you do, might want to play Security Precautions.  3 ships is good enough to probe, just don’t get suckered into probing a system with lots of X-wings, only to get Barrier’ed and beat down.

CREDITS

Thanks to Mike Dalton for giving me the idea for the deck years ago.

"The Pauli Exclusion Principle" is an aspect of quantum chemistry derived in 1925 by the Austrian physicist Wulfgang Pauli.  It states that no two electrons in an atom can have the same quantum number, or be in the same place at the same time.  Obviously, this only applies to leptonic particles, bosons can be wherever the hell they want.  All electrons used in creating this report are guaranteed to obey PAULI’S EXCLUSION PRINCIPLE, or your money back! 