---
layout: post
author: ! Phillip "Karrdeshark" Aasen
title: ! "WYS my style"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-27
description: ! "A WYS deck that revolves around the Admiral’s Orders.  What else can I say."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'ObjectiveWYS/TPCGALR

Character18
Ralltiir Freighter Captain x3
ECC Lando x2
ECC Chewie x2
LS,JK
EPP Luke
EPP Han x2
Dash Rendar
Mirax Terrik
Talon Karrde
Wedgie
Wedge Antilles, RSL
Rayc Ryjard
Melas

Starships6
Outrider
Roller Skate
Red Squadron 1
Red 6
Medium Bulk Freighter x2

Admiral’s Orders4
No Questions Asked x2
I’ll Take The Leader x2

Locations6
Kessel
Tatooine (start)
T; DB 94 (start)
T Cantina (start)
(generic) Docking Bay x2

EFfects9
Tatooine Celebration
Kessel Run x2
Insurrection (start)
Staging Areas (start)
Menace Fades
Battle Plan
YISYW 
Suadron Assignments (start)

Interrupts16
HFTMF (start)
Control & Tunnel Vision x3
Fallen Portal x4
Out Of Commision & Transmission Terminated x2
Sorry About The Mess x2
Rug Hug
Noble Sacrifice
Under Attack x2  '

Strategy: '

In the decklist I don’t remember if I wrote in LS, RS or LS, JK but it’s supposed to be JK.  Also, the 4th FP should be a Underworld Contacts.  (to avoid ROPs, ISB, etc.)

Okay, I didn’t include Tatooine cards so don’t talk to me about Tatooine.  Alright?

I built this when I decided to go with the flow and make a WYS deck.  I wanted something a little different which is why I used Kessel, the second <>DB, and 2 of each AO.  This deck is played two different ways, depending on what the opponent does.  If they stick to their own stuff, ITTL will make them pay.  Should they bring it on, you go with the NQA and Fallen Portals+SATM to change their mind.  You can interchange AOs when you feel like it and mess with them in many ways.  

Your retrievel is from various places Kessel Runs, Celebrating, and Sacrificing so they won’t be able to shut it all down.  Your activation is awesome with 3 DBs.  Your space should be able to hold Tatooine with an occasional foray to Kessel for retreivel and Draining.  First turn You want to pull a DB and Kessel, drop a Han, Chewie or Lando first turn to a DB IF you have a Fallen Portal or can pull one with C/TV.  Otherwise, draw up.  Menace Fades and Battle Plan should stop any unsitely draining while you build up.  
Wedge deploys for cheap and can be replaced by RSL for free, which can then go in RS1 along with an RFC in Red 6 and cancel a Battle Destiny while draining for 3 at Kessel.  
The MBFs are immune to Tallon Roll/SFS cannons and you can put Melas and an RFC or Rayc as pilots and be not afraid of Zuckuss.  Mirax and Dash are no-brainers.
If the opponent is playing a heavy space game, forget about Kessel and sit on Tatooine.  You can make an occasional Kessel Run should you need to. 
Drain heavily on the ground with ITTL and destroy them if they come down.  
Against a heavy ground, (MKOS, Troopers, ROPS, etc.) Drain in space and wipe out ther low defense scrubs with NQA and SATM.  If they play Full Scale Alert, well, Luke can’t move, but everyone else can.  Karrde will give you awesome forfiet for a Sacrifice and for attrition satisfying.  Beware MKOS high destinies.  Fallen Portal can, however, put a serious dent in their plans.  Don’t worry if they still have 2-4 guys against your lone Han.  SATM+NQA can save the day.  If you don’t see why I use a certain card, D-mail and then decide.  Don’t rate me and then find out.  You will play pretty much the same way so I don’t need to list each and every matchup, but here are some crucial ones

TIEs ITTL is double good because it (a) reduces their power and (b) adds to your drains.  Hold Tatooine and Celebrate while draining.  Battle Plan will make it hard for them to drain.  This is a tough matchup seeing as you both have plenty of retrievel and draining power.  I need to fit in an I Hope She’s Alright to ease this matchup.  

HuntDown you may have noticed I don’t play RLR.  That’s because most Huntdown decks expect it and won’t try much of anything.  You destinies should be okay.  Besides, LS,JK subtracts 3 from their total, does he not?  The Visage is easily canceled and your space should be good enough to hold Tatooine.  Can be tough if they manage to keep you of the Tatooine system.   Beware the true power of the darkside.

Thanks for reading this and please check out my first TR.  

Phillip Aasen


'