---
layout: post
author: ! Erich "The E-man" Hawbaker
title: ! "Hidden Base with Matching Pilots"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-12-16
description: ! "I missed FreedomCon thanks to college term papers. I was wondering how I would’ve done, plus I haven’t posted anything in about two months. Forgive me for being redundant."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'STARTING (7)
Hidden Base...
Rendevous Point
Sullust
HFTMF
Squadron Assignments
uperficial Damage
Strike Planning

LOCATIONS (7)
Aquaris
Ord Mandell
Sullust
Endor
Kessel
2x Forest

CHARACTERS (15)
Capt Han Solo
General Calrissian
Dash Rendar
Wedge Antilles, RSL
Derek ’Hobbie’ Klivian
Keir Santage
Jek Porkins
Theron Nett
Kin Kian
Tycho Clechu
Biggs Darklighter
Corran Horn
Chewie with Blaster
Luke with Lightsabre
Obi-wan with Lightsabre
Leia with Blaster

STASHIPS (9)
Millenium Falcon
Outrider
Red Squadron 1
Red Squadron 4
Red Squadron 7
Red 6
Red 10
Gray Squadron 1
Green Squadron 3

WEAPONS (4)
3x X-wing Laser Cannons
Proton Torpedos

ADMIRALS ORDERS (2)
2x I’ll Take The Leader

INTERRUPTS (10)
3x Rebel Barrier
2x Power Pivot
2x Slight Weapons Malfunction
2x The Signal
Darklighter Spin

EFFECTS (5)
Haven
S-Foils
Menace Fades
Traffic Control
Legendary Starfighter



'

Strategy: '

First, I’m sure some you will raise an eyebrow when you see that I’m not using Kiffex. I figure that with only nine starships, I can’t hold both Kiffex and Kessel, and Kessel is a better deal for me. I actually play a very conservative strategy when it comes to my choice in systems. I have tried to choose ones that I can afford to lose control of without it hurting me too bad. If I’m unopposed in the air, I can put Theron Nett at Ord Mandell and Kin Kian anywhere for a force drain bonus. If conditions are right, I can really beatdown in the air with Slight Weapons Malfunction, Power Pivot, and Darklighter Spin. All I need is a fighter with a weapon. Slight Weapons Malfunction is great because it also works with some of my characters with weapons on the ground, which are already in like Flynn at the Forests. I have two Signals because I want all of my effects to get out, play Haven on Sullust. To deal with probing, I always keep a few ships at Sullust. In response to this, the enemy will probably try to deploy there (+1), probe, and move away all in the same turn. Rebel Barrier fixes that, and I smash them mercilessly for coting me my objective. To get them take this bait, I try not to play Rebel Barrier before that, unless it’s absolutely necessary. Well, I think that’s about it. Thank you for your time.       '