---
layout: post
author: ! Josh "Sachmo" Rohrig
title: ! "Simply the Way of Things"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-06-28
description: ! 'Classic Jedi Test to 6 deck with a little bit of old school droid retrieval tech.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'MWYHL  (s)

Dagobah  (s)
Yoda’s Hut
Training Area
Jungle Swamp
CC Incinerator x2

Yoda
EPP Obi x2
DOS
EPP Luke x2
EPP Han x2
Dash Rendar
EG-4 x2

Intruder Missle x5
Ewok Catapult x3
Electrobinoculars
Anakin’s Lightsaber

Strangle x2
OOC x2
OOC/TT
The Signal x3
HFTMF  (s)
Off The Edge x4

Home One
Outrider

YISYW  (s)
BP  (s)
The Way of Things  (s)
AFA x3
Wise Advice
HotJ
DtF
Reflection
Aim High
Traffic Control

Anakin’s Podracer

Jedi Tests #1-6 '

Strategy: '

Very basic training deck.  Unless you got it in your hand get Yoda’s Hut first turn for better activation- otherwise get the Training area to start geting all of your tests out.  EPPs are in their simply for suicide beatdowns on the opponent should they spread out too thin.  

The destiny layout is pretty self explanatory- lots of destiny 7’s.  One of the better ones is Strangle.  With  a tracked destiny of seven you can almost always kill Vader if he is escorting Luke.  Anakin’s Saber is for Leia after the flip once you re-deploy her somewhere else.  Binoculars are to help tracking in case your deck got shuffled and you need to find one of those 7’s.

OOC is just a great interrupt, if the opponent spends their grabber on your retrieval interrupt, you can place up to 20 out of play- one game i placed 17 cards out of play  The Signal is of course recyclable 5 that gets your effects out.  Only two ships because you mainly want to avoid space. They are just there to beatdown someone that spread out too much, or stop a huge drain.  

Starting effects are too try and slow down the new CC decks even if just for a turn until you get your test 1 complete.  AFA are for early game direct damage, because until late game you usually wont have anyone on the table besides Yoda and Leia.  Reflection is a great card to help testing and get some retrieval in the late game.  Aim High is the stop retrieval from podracing if they for some reason dont have enough force.  You really draw a lot so Traffic Control is key.  With your objective it will be hard to get rid of.  

The key to this deck that keeps you alive is the wonderful little droid, EG-4.  If you opponent is not playing DD then the Incinerator is great, since it is a 0 force drain site.  Place EG-4 there and use the Off the Edges.  If you track right or have jedi test 5 complete it is a retrieval of 7 every turn.  Use test 4 to search through reserve and pull it out then retrieve the one in your lost pile, etc.

This is just an old deck I brought back because most people don’t worry about it very often in my local meta, so it comes as a surprise.  IT has possibility of masive retrieval and a few beatdowns if you can pull off an EPP Han and Luke- since you get two detiny 7s, three if you got off test 6.  I just ask that you don’t give poor ratings because this deck wont work in your area or because you just don’t like jedi testing.  Just rate the deck for what it is.  Any advice or suggestions would be great.  Thanks for your opinions and time.

Josh '