---
author: Eric "proxy man" Fletcher
title: This Deal Is Draining Worse All The Time
side: Dark
date: 2001-04-03
description: Speed drains with big people. Needs comments.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (6)
This Deal Is Getting Worse All The Time
/Pray I Don’t Alter It Any Further
1x Prepared Defenses
1x Secret Plans
1x Opressive Enforcement
1x Crush The Rebellion
1x Resistance

Other Red (12)
1x CC Occupation
1x Dark Deal
1x No Escape
1x Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
1x Point Man
1x Scruffy Looking Nerf Herder
3x Hell To Pay
2x Sense
1x Alter

Total Characters+Starships =30

Space Power (11)
1x Grand Admiral Thrawn
2x Guri
1x Admiral Ozzel

1x Stinger
2x Chimaera
2x Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
1x Dengar In Punishing One
1x Bossk In Hound’s Tooth

Hold Sites: (15)
1x Darth Vader With Lightsaber
1x Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
1x Prince Xizor
1x Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
2x Emperor Palpatine
1x Mighty Jabba
1x Janus Greejatus
1x Sim Aloo
1x Lieutenant Commander Ardan
1x Grand Moff Tarkin
1x Dengar With Blaster Carbine
1x Snoova
1x Dr. Evazan & Ponda Bobba
1x Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle

Utility Forces (4)
1x J’Quille
1x 4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
1x IG-88 With Riot Gun
1x Mosep

Weapons (2)
1x Mara’s Saber
1x Vibro Axe

Locations (10)
1x CC: West Gallery
1x CC: Carbonite Chamber
1x CC: Chasam Walkway
1x CC: Dining Room
1x CC: Incinerator
1x CC: Security Tower
1x CC: Downtown Plaza
1x CC: Port Town District
1x Bespin: Cloud City
1x Bespin 

Strategy: 

This deck is designed to use Dark Deal and Cloud City Occupation to inflict larege amounts of damage as quickly as possible.
It should play out like this:
First turn, grab Bespin, deploy it (and whatever other sites you have), and draw up for sites.
Second turn, grab Bespin: CC, if you think you have a better space fleet than your opponent, deploy it (along with whatever other sites you have) and draw for sites.
Third turn, grab Dark Deal.
When you get three sites and enough force to garrison each of them (around turn 3-4 hopefully) deploy Bespin: CC, all your characters, and something to the sector, and drop Dark Deal.
Starthing on turn 5, you should be able to drain for about 1+3+3+2=9 each turn, with possible 2-3 CC Occupation damage thrown on top.
At this rate, your opponent will have to come fight you, where you can battle them with your plethora of characters

Unusual card choices:

1x Resistance
If anyone can think of anything better, go ahead and replace it. I chose this because it limits EBO/Kessel drains enough to keep you in the game, and also provides some protection agains all inserts (including AFA) Occupying 3 battlegrounds is what this deck does best, so you won’t have a problem there.

1x Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
Cancels Bacta Tank, Death Star Plans, and several other cards as a 6 destiny Used interrupt.

1x Point Man
Cancels Order To Engage, No Disintigrations (which SHOULD be played!) Asteroid Sancuary, Scramble, and sever other annoying cards.

1x Scruffy Looking Nerf Herder
Cancels I Know or Solo Han or Warrior’s Courage (as a Used 6 destiny Interrupt) OR functions like a negative I Know

3x Hell To Pay
Stops all kinds of Interrupt recursion

2x Sense & Uncertain Is The Future
Mainly there to stop Power Pivot (I’d rather loose 3 force than 20) Destiny Adders (same idea) and the odd force retrival card (Like a hougix "On" the edge)
Also, recycling your hand to get to more sites is a "good thing".

1x Alter & Collateral Damage
Again, to stop whatever nonsense there may throw at you (like the things "bulleted" above, or Traffic Controls, or whatever other silliness there is)
Also, with your increddibly bad destiny, you should be able to take out a key character, if they send a small strike force against you (ie Han, Leia, Chewie attack, you get to kill one before the battle=good)

Total Characters+Starships =30
So that you always have enough. Also, there are only 2 duplicated characters. Guri because she’s a destiny stopping machine in space, and Empy because he works with his aids (and is Immune to Attrition)

1x Stinger
Guri’s Ship. Adds 1 destiny with her, and she deploys free aboard.

2x Chimaera
Thrawn+Guri="super defensive" Chimaera for holding Bespin.

2x Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 
Always a nice surprize (especially at Bespin: Cloud City) Plus, they won’t see the second one coming.

1x Dengar In Punishing One 
Cancels Immunity.

1x Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
Adds a destiny.

1x Lieutenant Commander Ardan
Draws one battle destiny if not able to otherwise.

1x Snoova
1x Dr. Evazan & Ponda Bobba
6 Power (7 with Axe) who remove opposing characters during the weapon segment.

1x J’Quille
Spy, Power 5, Excludes Chewbacca, Wedge, Forfeit Fodder, etc.

Locations (10)[you can start whichever one you want, I’d usually go for the West Galley for it’s -1FD]
1x CC: West Gallery
1x CC: Carbonite Chamber
1x CC: Chasam Walkway
2/1 CC sites
1x CC: Dining Room
1x CC: Security Tower
1/0 CC sites
1x CC: Incinerator
Retrives droids
1x CC: Downtown Plaza
1x CC: Port Town District
Exterior sites (don’t deploy them against speeders/raiders) That provide a base drain of 2
1x Bespin: Cloud City
1x Bespin
The required systems


Against all decks, you strategy is pretty much the same. Deploy, drain, and ignore whatever they’re doing, because it won’t affect you too badly. 
Grab anything and everything.
Save a Sense for Power Pivot/Destiny Adder
Tracking will obviously be a HUGE benefit.
Against WYS or Speeders, don’t deploy to any exterior sites, and eat them with your drains.
Against MWYHL, use CC occupation to deal damage (you’ll occupy 3 battlegrounds for Honor)
Don’t forget that Dark Deal gives you +4 power as well as +2 Force Drain.


Comments are most welcome and encouraged 