---
layout: post
author: Michael "Gilliatt" Raveling
title: 'DPC Deck--Ravelings WYS'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-26
description: ! 'This is the exact deck I used at the first DPC.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(8)
Watch Your Step/TPCGALR
Tatooine
Docking Bay 94
Cantina
Heading For the Medical Frigate
Aim High
Insurrection
Staging Areas

Characters(22)
Luke Skywalker Jedi Knight
Luke with Lightsaber
Han with Heavy Blaster Pistol X 2
Melas X 2
Chewbacca, Protector X 2
Lando with Blaster Pistol
Wedge Antilles X 2
Talon Karrde X 2
Theron Nutt
Mirax Terrik X 2
Dash Rendar
Palace Raider X 2
Ralltiir Freighter Captain X 3

Locations(3)
Home 1 Docking Bay
Cloud City Docking Bay
Endor Back Door

Ships/Vehicles(4)
Outrider
Patrol Craft X 3

Interrupts/Effects(23)
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes X 2
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes/ Out Of Somewhere X 2
Fallen Portal X 4
Rebel Barrier X 2
Out of Commission/ Transmission Terminated X 2
Bith Shuffle/ Desperate Reach X 2
Old Ben
Don&#8217;t Get @#$%.y
Tunnel Vision
Sorry About The Mess
Your Insight Serves You Well
Draw Their Fire
Goo Nee Tay
Bacta Tank
Ounee Ta '

Strategy: '

Strategy 
Go for the first turn flip always. I have not had a problem drawing in my opening hand at least 2 smugglers. Deploy the cheapest ones to places you can play Fallen Portal.  If they have given you a docking bay or Jabba’s Palace then, pull out the Home 1 Docking Bay first and set up your guys.  If not then deploy the Cloud City Docking Bay and deploy there.  You get a minimum of 6 force on your first turn so you will have enough activated to move quickly.  Always save one force in case First Strike gets played against you. If you have the Rebel Barrier in hand then you are safe. Don’t let the dark side player activate for their non-battlegrounds. If you do then you are going to lose with this deck. On the second turn pull the last docking bay so now your reserve has only the single zero destiny in it. That is good.  Now you can drain and back up with a second smuggler or even a third.  Once you have three smugglers in the Cantina it should be relatively safe. 

In battles, remember that you can place out of play Heading For the Medical Frigate so that you get the +1 battle destiny.  Just do it whenever you need +1 attrition or go over their forfiet to get an extra damage.  Playing interrupts from the lost pile was a hard thing to do for me because that game mechanic is so far removed from the normal style of play.  With 2 Transmission Terminated, you can play it four times to cancel Visage.  You can use Tunnel Vision twice to get 2 cards from your force pile. You can play Fallen Portal from the lost pile when he battles. You can use Nar Shadda Wind Chimes to look for an alien out of the lost pile. You can use Don’t Get Coc.ky twice for monster battle destiny. This is a powerful ability that this objective gives you. Use it.  When I draw Don’t Get Coc.ky I tend to lose it because it does just as good in the lost pile as it does in your hand. 
A big bonus of WYS is that once you flip Sense and Alter cannot be played by anyone.  No need to be afraid of them canceling any of your stuff. Put the onus on the dark side to beat you out of the Cantina.  If they don’t, you get a nice drain for 3 on your second turn and it will be hard for him to stop you once you set up in there. 

Match Ups 
Versus SCUM You have lots of aliens to go into Jabba’s Palace. You can sit them at Jabba’s Palace to play Fallen Portal or you can just sit outside and drain. Your biggest fear should be Ig-88 with gun because he can remove a scrub and then battle you. That is why the Patrol Crafts are in there.  Use the Patrol Crafts wisely to protect your guys.  Remember on reacts that you can do unlimited moves to move your guys inside the Patrol Craft to avoid being shot.  The Palace Raiders can’t be captured, hit, or choked when they are inside the Patrol Craft so the exterior sites should be yours.  Tallon Karrde should probably sit in the Cantina to protect your smugglers from Ig-88. Tallon is big.  

BHBM Start YISYW instead of Aim High so that you can chop the Emperor easily and Fallen Portal Vader with only a four.  The Yannick variation is tough. The Emperor will come down to the Cantina and sit. Now you have two options here. You can set up WYS by deploying the Cloud City Docking Bay and then controlling the two docking bays. Then on the second turn try to chop the Emperor with Luke with Saber. Your second option is for you to go on turn one to try to chop the Emperor with Luke with Saber. Your destinies are high in this deck so either option should work unless you can’t get the Emperor with Luke. If Vader gets your Luke you have enough guys to kill Vader wherever he is. Getting two battle destiny is huge and should kill Vader wherever he goes. 

Hunt Down Start YISYW instead of Aim High.  Set up and wait for Vader to come down. He will probably come to the Cantina but if he comes to a docking bay you can always try to Fallen Portal him. 

Ralltiir Operations Start Ounee Ta and then you get so much force that you won’t know what to do. 

Agents of Black Sun Set up and wait for Xizor to come to a battleground. Then go over there and kill him. You get two destinies when you have more than 5 ability so don’t be caught without that. You can also just out drain this deck type. Does anyone play this? 

CCT Hmm I still haven’t played against the new R2 frozen Han variation but you should set up and wait to fight. You can pound them good and free Han. 

Ties If they are using The Emperor’s Sword or Emperor’s Shield or any Tie/Ln then use Don’t Get Coc.ky twice to kill those buggers. First turn go to the DS docking bay with a smuggler to flip.  Pull Home 1 docking bay.  You can set up the Outrider with two smugglers. This will be a tough match up but you get a nice early drain of 3 at the Cantina/Docking bay. Get the Cloud City Docking bay and the Back Door set up as soon as possible for maximum drain.  Aim High should hurt their retrieval. Drain at whatever sites they give you. 

SYCFA Set up and go to his sites. You can go and battle him at the Death Star so that you can get some more drains in and then the drain race should be yours. Try to draw for the Back Door and go for as much drain as you can. Deploying first turn to the DS docking bay does two things.  It makes it so that the Emperor cannot deploy to that site to satisfy Battle Order and it give you a place to play Fallen Portal.  If it is the Brangus variation then you should try to kill Brangus off the Death Star so that he never even gets to start using the Brangus engine. 

Questions 
How did this deck do for you? It went undefeated in 5 tournaments and you can read about those tourneys in my tournament report that is already on Decktech called St. Cloud 2001 and another in Rochester, MN 2001.  It also earned my third place at the DPC.  Take a look at my DPC tourney report.  Go check them all out. 

Why so intent on the first turn flip? If you get the first turn flip you can limit the dark side activation and get a little bit of force denial going. You also get no Sense/Alter early which is why you don’t need any Sense/Alter protection in this deck. You also get +2 forfeit and an extra battle destiny.  Even versus Scum decks you should go for the first turn flip even though you aren’t getting any force choke.  Getting a quick start is the key to putting the dark side on its heels and making them have to come to you. It also helps make them focus on ground quickly so that they don’t go to your Tatooine system and get a free drain on you for the whole game. 

Why Old Ben? It can’t be Sensed so you can use it twice to save two guys in one battle. I like the surprise factor of it and nothing can cancel it once WYS is flipped.  Who else is going to play this card? 

Why the Outrider? This ship can be immune to attrition with Dash and reduce power. If you need to you can use Tunnel Vision to get the ship and pilot together. I went with almost no space in this deck so that I can win the ground battles. 

Why no Kessel Runs? Kessel Runs take forever to complete and distract WYS from flipping quickly. You don’t need to retrieve that much if you can win the ground and establish drains quickly. 

Why so many Fallen Portals?  Fallen Portal is nearly a broken card.  It eliminates characters from the battle.  This card is nice because it happens before the weapons phase. You can use it at the Back Door which is the reason that site is even in this deck. With the high destiny in this deck you can even get Vader from time to time. 

Why no Correlian? Well to be honest I did have one in here for several incarnations of this deck but I finally decided that another Ralltiir Freighter Captain was a lot better than one single Correlian. 

Why not play with more of the non-uniques?  I have played this game since its early days and I still take Monnok into account when I make decks.  I try to play with enough card variation so that I am not holding three or four things at once in my hand.  If he Monnoks your Fallen Portals you can still use them.  If he Monnoks all of your smugglers and Patrol Crafts then you are dead.  Plus I think the Unique smugglers have lots of advantages over a fleet of Palace Raiders or RFCs. 

Why do you use this objective?  The extra battle destiny is the key.  No Sense/Alter is the door.  Playing interrupts from the lost pile is the frame and forfeit plus two is the lock. 

Why so many wimp interrupts?  High battle destiny is a key to winning battles on the ground and also a key to chopping the Emperor.  Attrition kills all the dark side characters. Bith Shuffle is a key card in this deck because it removes dark side tracking and Imperial Barriers.

How do I get Wedge to 12 forfeit? Base 6 with +2 from Insurrection, +2 from WYS, and +2 from Tallon Karrde. That makes him perfect Bacta Tank fodder. 

What is new in this version?  With some feedback from Hayes Hunter I found that YISYW makes sense versus certain decktypes.  In playing this deck I tried to Fallen Portal Vader about ten times and drew a four about half of those times.  With YISYW that is enough to get him.  Also in playing this deck versus Jim Li for the first time I drew a seven for destiny to chop the Emperor with Luke about three turns in a row.  YISYW makes that draw a hit instead of a miss.  The new Nar Shadda Wind Chimes didn’t do that much for me but I could see how they would be useful so I swapped some in.  Adding Sorry About The Mess was to help against Undercover Spies and get a chance to shoot on the control phase.

What about Space?  Good question.  I have heard of only one person playing an Endor Operations deck at the DPC.  Dark side space is not as popular as it once was.  I even hate having the Outrider in here because if I am playing against a dark side space deck I would be scared of putting it up to a system and its destiny is low to begin with.  If there was too much space in here I would lose the ability to get the first turn flip and hold the ground sites. 

Tip 1 Try using the Nar Shadda Wind Chimes once per game even when you have two or three of those non-uniques out. You just might retrieve some.

Tip 2  In the game I lost at the DPC I played Luke w Saber, Han w Saber, and Tallon Karde.  I battled and did the following actions; Chop, shoot, Don’t Get Coc.ky.  Now what you should do is; Don’t Get Coc.ky, shoot, Chop.  Because Han w Blaster might die and you need to have Don’t Get Coc.ky played for the two bonus destinies.  

Tip 3  Use Tallon Karde’s ability to look at a card from the hand or reserve.  I have actually never done this because I always forget about it.

Any questions?  

-Why no Noble Sacrifice or On The Edge/Off The Edge?  I think that On The Edge is more versatile than Noble Sacrifice in that you don’t need to lose a character Out-of-Play with On The Edge and you can use OTE to kill one of your characters if you fear a beatdown.  So it can protect you from battle and help you retrieve.  Secret Plans makes it somewhat expensive to play with but On The Edge is a small enough retrieval engine where you can pay to retrieve and still be able to do other actions.  However, the reason I did not play with these cards is so that the deck can be more focused on battling and holding the ground locations.    '