---
layout: post
author: ! Fernando "Garion" Medaln
title: ! 'Wedge and  friends kill in space.'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-26
description: ! 'Is there anyone who still dont know why the Empire becamed betten in Endor?. Well, look at this and understand.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'STARSHIPS (12)
Liberty
Gold Squadron 1
Artoo In Red 5
Red Squad 1
Red Squad 4
Red Squad 7
Reds 6, 7, 8, 9 & 10
Pulsar Skate

CHARACTERS (12)
Luke Skywalker, JN x2
General Carlrissian
Wedge Antilles, RSL
Hobbie
Keir Santage
Jek Porkins
Elyhek Rue
Bren Quersey
Lt Naytaan
Theron Nett
Mirax Terrik

WEAPONS (4)
Luke´s Lightsaber
X-wing laser Cannon x3

ORDERS (2)
I´ll Take The Leader x2

INTERRUPTS (13)
A Few Maneuvers x2
Organized Attack x3
Out Of Commission & TT 
The Signal
Weapon Levitation
It Could Be Worse x2
It´s A Hit x2
Heading For The Medical Frigate

EFFECTS (9)
Kessel Run x3
Strike Planning
Squadron Assignements
The Planet That It´s ...
Legendary Starfighter x2
Do Or Do Not & Wise Advice

LOCATIONS (7)
Kiffex
Rahital
Tatooine
Endor x2
Kessel
Rendezvous Point

OBJECTIVE
Hidden Base/Where are they?


'

Strategy: '

Ok here we go with the strategy section. Try to read it till the end because not everything might be clear.
This is not exactly a new deck, it´s a revised edition of my previous deck "Where is that #@&% Hidden Base???" with a new name.
Again I´ve chosen a Mains in space deck better than a swarm deck. Why? because you can control more systems with less ships, although I usually try to have, at least, 3 red starfighters per system.
Trust me, I´ve tried many changes and this seams to be the best way.

#The Starting Way#
This is how I start no matter what my op plays.
Hidden Base
Rendezvous Point
Endor (as planet marker)
HFTMF
Strike Planning
Squadron Assignments
Do Or Do Not/Wise Advice
I´ve choose the Endor start because with Strike Planning your oponent force generation here is 0 unless he begin with Endor Operations, and this is not a very popular objective in Ithor. Also you can search your deck for Gen Lando, and deploy him (with the Falcon) in Endor in the first turn (total deploy cost of 3 force) for a force drain of 1 in your second turn. GREAT.

#The Cards#
I know many of the cards are obious, but there are some that may need an explanation, so here it is.
Liberty. Why this ship and no Home One?. Easy, it´s cheaper and it goes to the Used Pile when you loose it and not hit. Power 7 (5 when your order is on table). And all this for only 8 force (6 in Rendezvous Point). The word for this is BIG.
Gold Squadron 1. Not old Falcon? No, because the new one is inmune to Tallon Roll (remember the combo card) and has hyperspeed of 6 instead of 5, which is rathe better for a Kessel Run.
I think the other ships are clear.
Luke Jedi Night and no farmer one, why?. Simply because it´s destiny 6, and he is really better in ground battles. I know the first Luke deploy free on Artoo In Red5, but a deploy cost of 5 (remember you start with Endor) is not a very high deploy cost.
Mirax smuggler, low deploy cost, good destiny, great text and she is really beautifull. What else can I say?.
Luke´s stick. Luke with him is a devastator on his own. Use it if you need a beatdown and win or give him to Vader if you play against a BHBM deck.
I´ll Take The Leader. The best deffense against those #&%$@ ships with Bounty Hunters.
Weapon Levitation search for Luke´s saber and give him, now he is a monster.
It Could Be Worse. Be carefull with It´s Worse, you can loose a game for this. I try to keep it in hand for a special situation such when your op finds your HB and Security Precautions is on table.
It´s a Hit. Every space based deck should have at least 1 of this. Cancel a force drain if you control the related system (not very difficult) and, Counter Assault, It´s Worse, Ellis Helrot, Tallon Roll, Limited Resources and Scanning Crew. Remember that you can also cancel the combo cards if played as the counter part.

That´s how the deck is. Really is a great deck. Remeber IT IS NOT A GROUND DECK. So you must deploy down only if it´s rather necesary. In other situations use the force drains cancel cards (like It´s A Hit) or your 7 objective side. And retrive with Kessel Runs. That´s how I play it and it wins a lot. Trust me.
Any suggestions will be welcomed. Thanks for reading this till the end. '