---
layout: post
author: ! Robert "Peachykeen" Fletcher
title: ! "Pile of Fun ala peach"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-10-15
description: ! "twix deck that runs off the 3po parts/mess engine...lots of fun to play"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'STARTING (3)

careful planning
tatooine slave quarters
tatooine lars’ moisture farm

LOCATIONS (5)

dagobah yoda’s hut
home one war room
hoth echo command centre (war room)
rendezvous point
yavin 4 massassi headquarters

CHARACTERS (21)

ban kenobi x2
boushh x2
chewbacca, protector
corran horn
han with heavy blaster pistol x2
harc seff
jar jar binks
lando with vibro ax
luke skywalker, jedi knight x2
orrimaarko
padme naberrie
qui-gon jinn x2
shmi skywalker x2
tawas khaa
threepio with his parts showing

STARSHIPS (2)

artoo-detoo in red 5 x2

PODRACER (1)

anakin’s podracer

INTERRUPTS (23)

a step backward x5
alter & friendly fire x2
how did we get into this mess x6
nabrun leids
on the edge x4
rebel barrier
sense
sense & recoil in fear x2
we’re doomed

EFFECTS (2)

goo nee tay
bacta tank

DEVICES (3)

anakin’s lightsabre
obi-wan’s lightsabre
qui-gon jinn’s lightsabre

'

Strategy: '

this deck is a fairly standard light side pile deck, teched heavily against podracing.  same situation as with most 3po/mess decks...start careful planning to begin the two sites.  use slave quarters text to get shmi.  use shmi text to get 3po.  use 3po’s text EVERY TURN if possible to cycle thru your deck.  this combined with the hwgitm’s should enable you to get the majority of the twixes out of your deck and into play.  if your opponent isn’t podracing, ALWAYS put the high-destiny podracing interrupts back in your deck to get another card via 3po.  drain at your sites and force the opponent to do something (usually with sabres to boost the drain) and pounce on them when they come to you or when they  begin to set up.  you can also jump on their sites from the get go to disrupt their strat.  this deck is lots of fun to play and has helped me learn how to track (3po + artoo in red 5 + on the edge = lots of retrieval).  please leave constructive feedback...thanks for your time    '