---
layout: post
author: ! Jon "Wow" Bragg
title: ! "Wows New BoShek Deck"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-14
description: ! 'BoShek makes his return after being screwed out of his own objective (He Beat Han you know). Now the groupies take over space and drain like heck'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7)

Hidden Base
Rendevous Point
Marker
HFTMF
WA/DoDN
Squadron Assignments
Ultimatium
OR
Ounee Ta

Systems(6)
Courscant
Kiffex
Corulag
Roche
Kessel
Endor

Ships W/ Matching Pilots(16)

Green Squadron 3
Tycho

Gold 1
Dutch

Pulsar Skate
Mirax Terrik

Artoo-Detoo In Red 5
EPP Luke
LS,RS

Outrider
Dash Rendar
Leebo

Millenium Falcon
Captian Han Solo
Lando Calrissian (CC)
Chewbacca, Protector

Extra Ships(4)
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Squadron Y-wing x2
Tantive IV

Extra People(3)
BoShek
Talon Karrde
Corran Horn

Device(1)
Landing Claw

Effects(6)
Ounee Ta OR Ultimatium
Haven
Traffic Control
Bacta Tank
Docking and Repair Facilities
Legendary Starfighter

Interrupts

A Few Maneuvers X3
Rebel Barrier X2
Hyper Escape X2
On The Edge X2
The Signal X2
OOC/TT X2
Houjix/OON
Full Throttle
Punch It
JAP Grimtassh '

Strategy: '

REVIEW RESPONSES

Gen - Are you a moron? By Turn 6 Ive established a drain of 11. How the hell is that too slow?

Little Twigg - Thanks for the compliment. I would love to add another Luke, but I dont have one. If I could get an Obi in there Id be content because itd be good for HD. However, BHMB is basically dead with just LS,RS.

Kantlearn - Fair Enough, Ive added Endor Ops To The VS List.

dew dawg - Have you seen Amanaman? Hes my MKOS Rep... maybe this is some sort of subliminal message... oh boy..

SithRage - Why No Kessel Runs? Outrider places them out of play. And out of play means Im not getting them back. Once I set up HB the rest of the game is based on tracking my Destiny 5s and 6s using Mirax and TC. This allows me to continually On The Edge. Blocking at least 2 drains a turn usually slows drains down to a max of about 4 of 5, this means that overall, there isnt much of a problem paying for Secret Plans and stuff. Granted, Something Special may be on the table, but to me, On The Edge is alot easier to pull off for 2 reasons1) its just a matter of tracking, 2) I dont have to move. If Im going to do Kessel Run its going to be done with Falcon or Outrider, those are the ships with my smugglers.  Ive already stated that Falcon generally sits at Kessel all game, so thats no retreival and Outrider would have to run from Courscant (thus losing a valuable drain of 3) to Kessel and Back. PLUS, Oota goota is on the rise and there is a chance theyll draw a 0. Its just too much effort IMO.

gotenks - He..he...he... not funny.
___________



WHY IS THE NAME?

This is BoSheks new deck. BoSheks deck was my old Squad Assignments Deck with Red 7-10 and Gold 3-6. The only main I had was BoShek, so it was aptly named. This is BoSheks return to my decks after a brief abscence. Because, afterall, BOSHEK ROCKS

STARTING

First let me explain the starting stuff. You start with the normal HB layout (HB, Marker, Rendevous). Any system (except Courscant) can be your HB. I really dont care which one, I choose randomly before each tornament. If its a long tornament you might wanna add a 2nd marker so you can switch between games. Whatever floats your boat. My starting Effects are WA/DoDN (I hate SAC, I really do), Sqaudron Assignments (To Pull Matching Ships + Pilots), and either Ounee Ta or Ultimatium. Ounee Ta goes out against MKOS, Court and RalOps, Ultimatium for anything else.

LOCATIONS

I use 6 systems. Ive had trouble in the past where something has gone horriable wrong, (or just plain Mosep), and lost a system off my RD. As long as I dont lose my HB, I can pretty much handel losing 1 system. Generally, if its a non-space deck I place out all 6 then flip. Heres what each system gives me Endor (2-2 Activation, Drain for 1 Both Sides), Kessel (1-2, Drain 3 for me, 1 for them), Roche (1-1, Drain 1 for me, 0 for them), Courlag (2-1, Drain 1 for me, 1 for them), Kiffex (2-2 Drain 2-2), Courscant (1-2 Drain for 3 for me drain 1 for them. Increases deploy of all Imperials +2).

STARSHIPS/CHARACTERS

Most of my starships draw destiny. Dutch and Tycho both are good for suicide holdings, as they have good forfiets and draw destiny. Mirax in her ship is pretty good, draws a destiny and she can do mad tracking and has immunity <5. Falcon is a beast, I have a Lando and a Han for CCT (although if there smart, theyll take away both before I can get them down). Chewie is a last resort. All 3 of the pilots add 3 to power so its a power house, and can hold a system. Outrider is one heck of a @#$%, Dash is an auto-power pivot and with Leebo onboard it can wipe out a SD. Luke goes in his ship against everything but BHMB and HD. Neither deploy for free, but remember that New Luke doesnt add to power, so hes no good in that area. My non-pilot starships include Tantive IV (which is a beast), 2x Gold Squad Y-wing which are 1 less power than the x-wings, BUT they can add a 2nd pilot in there, that way if you lose a ship, or have an extra non-ship pilot you can throw them down to get a destiny, Red Leader in Red 1 is just a sweat ship, it draws destiny, and is decently powerful, so it can hold a drain for a few turns. As for the extra pilots, BoShek is just the man. Ability 4, Adds 3 to power. What can I say? He draws destiny alone, and with Mirax or Dash, it hurts the opponent. Corran Horn is a Boshek who adds less to power but adds to Maneuver, which is always good. Decent deploy/forfiet too. Tallon is just plain nasty. Ive got a few smugglers in here that gets them forfiet +2, he adds 2 to power and lets you check there destiny before they battle, not bad.

EFFECTS

Haven goes on RP, that means -4 to ships and -1 to pilots. Alot of good free stuff. TC is in there for the end of game stuff and to track or get more force if your struggling. Ledgendary Starfighter, put that on Red 5 or the Falcon and they lose 2 a turn, that sucks. Bacta Tank and Docking and Repair make a nasty combo, lose a ship and a pilot both to the 2 tanks (that can be like 10 forfiet too), then bring them up to your hand and redeploy next turn. If you dont start Ounee Ta you can use it to retrieve an important card or just toss to a drain. There isnt much for effects in here, if you can think of anything else to add feel free to tell me.

INTERRUPTS

A Few Maneuvers - This is a trackable destiny 6, hell its a usuable trackable destiny 6. ships gotta run across space? A Few Manuevers. Also good if they try to shoot your ships or some crap like that. Desinty 6s floating around is good. Barriers and Hyper Escapes are used for Bounty Hunter ships. Generally the plan is if they drop 1 or 2 BH ships against a lone ship, drop the barrier or hyper away. Next turn come down with a force from your hand, usually you can get 2 ships and 3 or so pilots down within a turn. UNLESS, you have the cards. The best possiable scenario is Han on the Falcon, when they attack drop Punch it Out of Nowhere and Full Throttle. Thats 5 destines. I like it. The Full Throttle and Out of Nowhere are in there incase a bounty squad comes down. Bewary of Zuckuss thou, no ability >6, no destiny. Die and move on, hehe. Beat Zuckuss down if you get the chance with alot ability and destiny adders. Use On The Edge in congunction with A Few Maneuvers to track it either by using it, Miraxing or Traffic Controlling (obviouslly, if grabbed dont use it regularly). Houjix can be used if you really get a beat down, but I prefer OON. Grimtassh is just in there to be a general @#$%. If you known there packing alot of some card Grimtassh them. Japanesse Grimtassh is kwel.

HOW TO PLAY

Turn 1 Grab Endor. If Endor is in your force, grab Courlag WHEN SEARCHING, check for matching ships/pilots, Haven, and Signals. Drop any systems from hand. If you have a signal use it (generally you get 3 to 5 force to start) to grab Haven (you checked didnt you?), if you dont have a signal adn know a signal or haven is in your force begin drawing and save. if neither and youve got a ship/pilot combo by all means begin the fun.

Heres The Order To Grab Systems

1 Endor
2 Courlag
3 Kiffex
4 Kessel
5 Roche
6 Courscant (optional)

The general rule of thumb is that if it is TIEs or heavy ships dont deploy Courscant. Some scrubs will probe it, but it cant be the HB because it isnt the right parcect.

As for ships, youll want to put the Falcon at Kessel (maintain a drain of 3) and the Outrider at Courscant (drain of 3). If Courscant isnt out leave him at Kiffex (drain of 2). Tycho usually goes to Courlag, and Dutch stays at Endor. if you want to use GLinG1 you can put in Biggs or something and put him at Endor (I took out Biggs because he has no astromech droid = no hyperdrive). If you get beaten down by 2 or less ships send a beat down squad. If they come down with like 5 BH ships Houjix it (you should notice if they are saving up like 30+ force), Since (if they are smart) they will come down to Courscant or Kessel, a few manuevers to get Red 5, Falcon and Outrider together at the other drain 3 site. NOT A FUN CROWD TO MESS WITH. Be sure to flip and dont worry about the probes, block what you can + you need the extra drains UNLESS Sec Prec comes down at the beginning of the game. If you see Sec Prec dont flip (unless its RalOps or something), it will cost you.

WHAT ID LIKE TO PLAY

EPP Leia
Spiral
Talas + Ships
Wedge + Ship
Grabbers
Obi

CARDS THAT HAVE BEEN REMOVED RECENTLY

It Could Be Worse x2 Omni Box/Its Worse... bah
Uncontrollable Fury Well, it could work but Lord is becoming more and more common
Lessub Well shes fun to piss people off with, but takes up a pilot slot on most ships.
R2 + C3PO Ive already got 3 Pilots for the Falcon AND Ive got R2 in Red5.

VS(Toughest To Easiest)

CCT This deck is a @#$%, they take away both main pilots for Falcon. Leaving you with Chewie. Great. Drop and Drain. Try and beat down there bounty hunter ships when you can, tough, tough matchup. Basically a game of trying to reduce your loss to minimium.

Court Uck this deck is bad. Direct Damage will hurt you, Miyoom will hurt, what can you do? Drain. BH ships are a nuiscence but youve got enough to beat them down. Just be sure not to do anything stupid.

MKOS Same as court, less direct damage. I usually win this game by a few. Non-blockable drains stink. Flip to drain. Beat down BH ships if you can. Thats about it.

RalOps Drains are -1. Deploy Courscant. Thatll give you 2 drains for 2 and 1 drain of 1. Its DECENT, but wait for them to do something stupid like deploy a SD. Beat down and drain blocks. Ounee Ta is in here for a reason folks Generally they play with 3 sites, so block 2 and take 1. Outdrain.

TIES Ties will give you a run for your money, but generally its more of a light jog. They can deploy all they want to little Walmeluki, but when Falcon and Outrider come in, get destines, lower power of ships, alter the SFS. There SDs will pay if they try to move around, just block all the close systems will 2 or 3 ships at each. Block there only drain at Walkmelluki thats game.

Hunt Down Ok, Hunt down is coming to a crawl with all the new cards. Not much stuff they can do. Youll outdrain them. Youve got 2 OOC/TTs, and like 5 spies. Visage is not a problem. If you want drop Corran to the Holotheater for a drain of 2 there. Not Bad. Id suggest leaving Luke in space to avoid dueling, but its up to you.

BHMB Give them new Luke and laugh. Drain and win. No, its not that easy. If a SD Comes down bring down Outrider with Dash, if they start draining flip and block. BHMB is more on converting than draining so youll take like 0 damage. Good stuff.

Endor Ops Ok, I dont have much experience playing this deck so please excuse me. If it is the fun one with Mosep and friends sitting at the bunker you must absolutly pull out your HB turn 2. Also, flip ASAP, I dont care how you do it, draw up entire piles to get systems. Whatever you do dont lose systems. Grab Ounee Ta with signal and if you lose a system deploy it (Could be tough). On The Edge randomly for small amounts if you have to (like 2), Good Luck. Once you flip block and deploy. Be sure not to have Endor converted

TDIGWATT Umm ya. Ive never really played this but basically you drain for alot. If ships come down beat them down (what else is new), block there drains with HB, and control the Bespins systems to stop Dark Deal. Hurray

Operatives Ounee Ta. Laugh. Win. Drain Drain Drain. Block Drains. Good Stuff. Just watch out for the flip side with -1 drains.

AOBS Hmmm No Vader... hmm.. that stinks. They will direct damage you for say 2 a turn. if tehy ever manage to get anyone else out its a miracle. BH ships should be fun to deploy with Courscant and stuff. Oh ya, convert Couscant turn 2.

#s Wait a second.. I have Ultiatium, start it. Take 2 a whap and its no problem. Just keep on draining

Thank You, Ill respond to Reviews as they come in.	 '