---
layout: post
author: ! brendon "marcop1975" smith
title: ! "Isb using Walker garrisons"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-19
description: ! 'when walker garrisons hit the court with tramples to back them it is smooth sailing.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Characters 11

outer rim scout x9
admiral ozzel
chall bekan

Sites 7

hoth
hoth ice plains
Hoth Defensive perimeter
Hoth north ridge
Hoth wampa cave
Hoth echo docking bay
Couricant imperial square

Vehicles 8

Blizzard 1
Blizzard 2
Blizzard walker x3
Tempest scout 6
Tempest scout 2
Tempest scout 5

Ships 3

Boba fett in slave 1
Chimera
Zuckus in mist hunter

Interupts 18

Walker garrison x3
Trample x4
He hasnt come back yet x3
Eahaustion x2
Furry Fury
Debris zone
Projective telepathy
Cold feet
Abbisn ornament
masterful move 
Ghhhk

Effects 10

Ice storm x3
Sunsdown/too cold for speeders
Reactor terminal
Mobilization points
imperial arrest order
There is no try/ impersive inforcement
Imperial decree
Resistance
Den of thiefs
Objective 1


isb operations/ empires sinister agents

'

Strategy: '

Stratagy

Once Tatooine comes out this will be a deck that tears up the playing feild but for now you just have to settle with the winning deck, but when tatttoine comes out you can have the ultimate deck. Take my word for it. Right now you can get major force drains along with canceling the other players bonuses. 

Imperial decree is something that is a serious bonus in this deck. bye bye to stupid 
Ls drain decks. Or space decks. 

One thing to always remember when playing with this deck is that you retreive a isb agent every turn. if they are force draining for one then lose a isb agent and retrieve it next turn. And Abbissn ornament

Hidden base 

       Space decks are usually good but with a chimera with 4 outer rim scouts on it then you see how long it takes you to get their hidden base. and while they arent flipping their card trying to not let you get their hidden base you are force draining like mad down on hoth. If they do flip their card then you can go get their hidden base and then force drain them. if you think it is a problem then switch out a card for a security percaution. It should be a easy win. 

Endor

       Here is where the fun begins. When they come over to hoth put down a snow storm. when there characters get lost play a Exahaustion and they lose a force for how ever many characters are missing. ( the ice storms make people missing). That means they are down the characters they put down and then they have to lose force equal to that of how many characters they put down. So all in all it should be easy. Ice storms dont hurt you because ou are in a enclose vehicle and it doesnt hurt. Use projective telepathy on the force drains that they do get on endor and make them use a extra 2 force. this also should be a easy game. 

Ebo 

       This is the reason i made this deck. You can make the game over before it even starts. most ebo decks think they are safe and dont bother to put in the good characters and generally use more space. but with my deck you can make sure they dont get to put ebo even on the table. If this happens then it is a lock and you win. out force drain them and make sure they dont suprise you. You can use the masterful move to pull out a ghhk always nice to have. 

Eloms

       This is one of the easiest games to play. Since i only play with one imperial i dont have to worry about power 5 eloms. i have to worry about power 2 eloms. My tramples can take care of them really easy. when you go up against some you need to make sure that you can trample someone and get it to where they cant draw destiny. if you need to which i highly doubt you might want to abbisn your outer rim scouts. 

Watch your step

       It depends on which way you want to kill them. if you want to put sunsdown too cold for speeders on hoth then you can win pretty easily, but if you put it on tatoine it is the luck of the draw. When i play against it i think that i want to get the easy force drains and make sure he leaves me alone. So in space i go and battle the crap out of him to get rid of menace fades. or i come down and whoop him on ground if space doesnt work. Once menace fades goes out of play then the fun starts. If he comes on hoth to try and stop you then his patrol crafts and power and forfeit and landspeed =0. That means he cant move and i can come and whoop him into the ground. All in all this is the hardest game you will play so far it is 1-1 but i am still working out kinks.

Well that is all the decks that are in my area right now but if tyou want me to come up with a stratagy to beat some deck then d-mail me and ask me but til then this is what i have to work with(hope you injoy this deck and i hope that it spreads to different parts of the country). 

Boshek1

Brendon.  
'