---
layout: post
author: ! Mason "Palleon" Johnson
title: ! "There is Good in Him v.2.0"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-06
description: ! ' Mains TIGIH that drains, wins battles, crosses vader, and wins.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations(8) 
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay) 
Endor Chief Chirpa’s Hut 
Home One Docking Bay 
Home One War Room 
Hoth Echo Docking Bay (Japanese) 
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room) 
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut 
Tatooine Docking Bay 

Characters(20) 
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight 
Luke with Lightsaber 
Obi-wan Kenobi x2 
Obi-wan with Lightsaber 
General Solo x2 
Boussh x2 
Chewbacca, Protector x2 
Lando with Vibro-Ax x2 
Wedge Antillies, Red Squadron Leader 
Corran Horn 
Dash Rendar 
Orrimarko 
Tawss Khaa 
Lieutenant Blount 
Major Haash’n 

Starships(7) 
Home One 
Independence 
Defiance 
Tantive IV 
Spiral 
Outrider 
Red Squadron 1 

Interrupts(15) 
Jedi Presence x2 
Fallen Portal x2 
Clash Of Sabers 
It’s a Trap 
Weapon Levitation 
Rebel Barrier 
On the Edge x2 
Fall of the Legend x2 
Throw me Another Charge x2 
Heading for the Medical Frigate 

Effects(7) 
Insurrection 
Staging Areas 
Squadron Assignments 
I Feel the Conflict 
Bacta Tank 
Order to Engage 
Uncontrollable Fury 

Weapons(2) 
Obi-wan’s Lightsaber 
Luke’s Lightsaber 

Objective(1) 
There Is Good In Him / I Can Save Him  '

Strategy: '

Starting Start TIGIH/ICSH to get out your starting locations Chief Chirpa’s Hut and the Landing Platform. Put Luke Skywalker, JK with his saber down to the Hut. Put down I Feel the Conflict. Then use Heading for the Medical Frigate to pull Insurrection, Staging Areas, and Squadron Assigments as your stating effects. Early in the game pull your docking bay’s and then start to battle and drain. 

Playing There are two ways that this deck mainly goes about winning. The first thing you do is get luke captured by Vader, win three battles and cross him to the lightside and win. Second if your playing against Black Sun, Court, Etc that don’t have Vader in them. Set up quick and choke your opponents force. Then drain them and battle them in space and on the ground and retrieve, then win. These ways both work very effectively. 

Matchups 

Vs. BHBM Give Luke up and get your drains set up then win a couple of battles to stack the cards on I Feel the Conflict then Retrive any force you lost with on the edge and corss vader for a win. Make sure they don’t win battles to cross luke. If they go to space you can take them to drain for even more, or stack a few more cards for an easy cross. 

Vs. Scum You will have huge activation. Drain early then battle him to death use your tricks + mains to win. You can actually use luke in these games, so use him to your best advantage and you can win. Don’t let them battle you. Get a jump on him with your retrival and you should be able ot win. 

Vs. Ties Out activate them and set up a huge beatodwn in space. If they happen to deploy vader to the Death Star Docking Bay, win battles and go cross him. Otherwise use order to engage, Retrival, and play smart and you can win. 

Vs. Hunt Down Win a few battles to stack the cards, be carful they don’t duel you before they duel you. Retrieve and corss vader for the win. Hunt Down dosn’t have retrival so your retrival will kill him. Tough, but if you play smart easy. 

Thanks for Reading and Reviewing 

'