---
layout: post
author: Chris "Wedge231" Wodicka
title: 'Grubbunism'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-15
description: 'If I were Jon Grubb, this is how I would run my empire'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (8)
SYCFA
Death Star
Alderaan
Death Star: Docking Bay
Prepared Defenses
A Million Voices Crying Out
Mobilization Points
There is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement

Locations (5)
Death Star: Conference Room
Corulag
Rendili
Kashyyyk
Kiffex

Characters (19):
Darth Vader with Lightsaber x2
Emperor Palpatine x2
Janus Greejatus
Guri
Death Star Gunner x3
U-3PO
Arica
Captain Sarkli
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral Motti
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Admiral Chiraneau
Captain Godherdt
Commander Nemet
Officer Evax

Starships (9):
Executor
Devastator
Avenger
Chimaera
Thunderflare
Dominator
Tyrant
Dengar in Punishing One
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Weapons (1):
Superlaser

Interrupts (8):
Twilek Advisor x2
Overwhelmed
Monnok
Masterful Move
Ghhhk & Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us
Shocking Revelation
Put All Sections On Alert

Effects (8):
Imperial Arrest Order
Lateral Damage
Presence of the Force x2
Secret Plans
Something Special Planned For Them
They’ll Be Hell To Pay x2

Epic Events (1):
Commence Primary Ignition

Admirals Orders (1):
We’re In Attack Position Now 

Strategy: 

I own no Imperial Commands. Add some if you really insist, I can win without them.

Ok, this is the deck that I used at my last local tournament. It went 1-1 with a win by 21 against a Harvest mains deck and it lost by 25 to a Tosche Mains deck where he used Recoil in Fear to make me lose the epic event in my reserve deck and I had already pulled it twice. Props to Jon Grubb for helping me with it.

The start is the same every game except you may want to use Secret Plans against a racing deck. Mobilization Points helps but it is not totally necessary to the deck. If you draw Rendili in your starting hand just pull the Executor. 

Locations:
I picked the Conference Room over the War Room because it’s an extra +1 to your CPI and the War Room sucks if you play vs. a WYS deck. I tried to keep all the systems in the low parsecs so if they take over the Death Star I can block the drain of 3. Rendili can retrieve the Dominator for me which is cool. Kashyyyk and Kiffex are drains of 4 while flipped and Corulag is just a nice all around system. It has good activation and is drain -1 for the opponent. I don’t use Sullust or Endor because their parsec numbers are too high. Also, if they use Strike Planning, Endor is not too good.

Characters:
Well I use EPP Vader for hit and run attacks. I chose to use 3 Death Star Gunners over just 2 because I always like to have a plus 6 to my draw for CPI and I can draw one early usually. The Emperor can give CPI a plus 1 at the Conference Room and he can satisfy Battle Plan at the docking bay. I just threw Janus in, he’s good with tracking and cycling through your deck. U-3PO and Arica are for blocking drains and Guri helps vs the Super Falcon and for WYS. Just put her on the Executor or the Chimaera. The pilots all have cool abilities. Godherdt is claw defense, Motti is for the drawing destiny on the ability 1 Star Destroyers, Chiraneau is for drains, Evax has high forfeit, Sarkli is a spy/pilot, and Nemet stops reacts. Thrawn and Ozzel are good in most decks so they went in also. Thrawn adds a battle destiny which is great and Ozzel is just a free deploy, 6 forfeit pilot. I don’t use Piett or Merrejk because I can pull my systems anyway and Piett is expensive and people use Goo Nee Tay around here. 

Starships:
Well the Executor went in just in case I drew Rendili in my starting hand. Also it is good for messing up celebration in QMC or WYS. The other SD’s are just a mix of good power/good ability ships. Thunderflare and Tyrant are cheap with good power but have ability 1 pilots. Just throw on Motti or Thrawn for a destiny on those. The other SD’s are ability 2 and have decent power. The Dominator can be retrieved with Rendili so I thought that was cool. Zuckuss and Dengar are good supporting ships. Dengar is good vs Xwings, the Falcon, Home One, etc. Zuckuss helps vs Xwings and Squassin decks. 

Interrupts:
I only use 8 interrupts. Twileks help me pull my effects. Masterful Move is good for tracking and Monnok is a must in most decks. The Ghhhk combo card is good for claws, Hyper Escape, and Nabruns. Put All Sections On Alert retrieves your gunners and Overwhelmed helps vs Super Falcon and other stuff. Shocking Revelation is for How Did We Get Into This Mess. It can be pulled with Secret Plans. 

Effects:
I hate retrieval decks like Harvest mains so I use Something Special Planned for Them. Secret Plans is good too but I also use it to pull Shocking Revelation. Imperial Arrest Order is for increasing forfeits of some of my guys, plus Nabrun could screw up CPI if they kill all my gunners. Lateral Damage is a must in every big blue deck and Presence of the Force helps my drains. Grabbers help against any deck. I like to grab any high destiny cards or annoying things like HDWGITM? 

Early game:
You pull Rendili hopefully if they don’t start Don’t Do That Again. Then you just pull the Conference Room and if you got a gunner deploy him if not just draw. Get out your gunners now and send one to used pile to get the Superlaser. Move over to parsec 2 and blow away Alderaan and flip.

Mid game:
You pull your systems and deploy some SD’s to each. Make sure you can draw destiny at each system. You will be draining for insane amounts and if they come to space, you kill them. Guri helps vs Falcon decks and Zuckuss/Dengar in ships are good for X-wings. Just watch out for cannons and Rapid Fire. Basically put spies on the ground to block drains while you drain in space or battle them if they’re in space also. If they try to spread on the ground send out suicide Vaders.

Late game:
You should win by draining them out. It’s not rare to drain for 10+ in this deck. You should also have a decent amount of retrieval going. 

Matchups:

The pile:
You set up as usual and try to get out Secret Plans so you can Shocking Revelation to stop HDWGITM. You just set up and he can’t drain for too much. Revolution is stopped and you should be able to flip quickly. If he kills your gunners, just use Put All Sections On Alert to get them back. Go to space and watch out for the Falcon. Guri and Dengar should help vs that. You should be able to drain this deck out while they can’t drain for too much and they have minimal space.

Profit:
You can block their drains with spies and drain for huge amounts in space. So if you drain for 10+ and they do maybe 4 direct damage to you and drain for 4-5 you will win. You have retrieval and can attack with EPP Vaders.  

HB Flip:
You should be able to outpower them in space. Zuckuss is good vs matching pilots/ships as he stops the ”if not able to otherwise” destinies. If you can beat them out of space with cards like Lateral Damage and Overwhelmed you should win. Drain and probe if they flip. Watch for Power Pivots and Intruder Missiles.

QMC:
Take over the system to stop Menace Fades/Celebration. Use spies on the ground and Vaders. Watch for Power Pivots and starship weapons. You should be able to drain for more and be able to retrieve a good amount. 

WYS:
If they’re racing just retrieve your losses with your SD’s. Take over the system as that is key. Lateral Damage Dash to stop his power subtracion ability. Put spies on the ground, most WYS decks have no UC spy protection except maybe SATM. Guri is big here. Also Overwhelmed can help. Grab anything annoying and use Something Special Planned For Them if they use Harvests.

X-wings:
You should be able to outpower them at every system. Grab All Wings and Organized Attack. Power Pivot hurts in this matchup also. Monnok can be big if you use it at the right time.

I think I covered everything. It should be able to beat most decks if played right. If you have questions or suggestions, d-mail me. 

- Chris ”Wedge231” Wo@#$%a    