---
layout: post
author: ! Nathan "Xavier Six" Cardamone
title: ! 'Drivers Education Jedi Style'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-24
description: ! 'Train fast... Race fast... Brag about it.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7)

Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can 
Dagobah
Podrace Prep
Boonta Eve Podrace
Tatooine Podrace Arena
Anakin’s Podracer
The Way of Things

Locations (5)

Tatooine
Dagobah Training Area 
Tatooine Podracer Bay 
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut 
Dagobah Jungle 

Characters (19)

Qui-Gon Jinn  x2
Yoda 
Ben Kenobi  x2
Master Luke  x2
Daughter of Skywalker 
Orrimaarko 
Tawss Khaa 
Corran Horn 
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Lando With Vibro-Ax 
Admiral Ackbar  
Padme Naberrie x2
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader 
Chewie With Blaster Rifle 
Major Haash’n 

Starships (4)

Home One 
Liberty 
Red Squadron 1 
Lando In Millennium Falcon 

Interrupts (10)

A Step Backward  x2
Entering The Arena 
Losing Track  x2
The Signal  x2
Too Close For Comfort  x2
What Was It?

Effects (6)

Battle Plan 
Combined Fleet Action - Admiral’s Order 
Goo Nee Tay  
Wars Not Make One Great 
Wise Advice 
Yoda’s Hope 

Weapons (4)

Luke’s Lightsaber 
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber 
Qui-Gon Jinn’s Lightsaber 
X-wing Laser Cannon 

Devices (1)

Luke’s Backpack 

Epic Events (1)

I Did It 

Jedi Tests (3)

A Jedi’s Strength 
Domain Of Evil 
Great Warrior 


'

Strategy: '

Let’s see here...

First Turn Start the race. Deploy the training area and draw a test (1 unless you already have it). Pull and deploy everything you can to Dagobah except sites, only deploy the jungle if you have it.

Second Turn Race. Test if possible, you should pass easily. Deploy Yoda’s hut and the new test to Jungle. If opponent doesn’t move it you’re gold, even if he doesn’t he saves you a force by moving it to you. 

Third Turn Race should finish soon. Test and unless he moved the second test to you deploy third test to finish testing (in this scenario do both tests before racing to reduce his race destiny by 1), if he moved deploy the Test to the jungle; move to it your done.

Fourth Turn The Race should be over by now so if you won deploy I Did It and scrap Boonta Eve. Retrieve your Force. Move yoda and leia to the hut. If you played smart and didn’t have terrible luck you should be in good shape. Hold a planet and a site and you should be in control.

Fifth Turn No racing, no testing, it’s time to brawl and you got alot in your favor.

Notes 

Testing shouldn’t be a problem at all. You only need a two and a two tracked.

Racing is harder since you might be slowed by having to put test stuff back in your used pile, but with any luck you’ll be okay.

Use cards as you draw them don’t rush yourself against a speed deck.

Not much dueling protection so stay alert and don’t get caught unprepared. 

Responses

Secret Plans Retrieval is on the control phase I should have plenty of force.

Force Generation 4 than 8 than 10 and than 11 with podracer bay 12 with Qui-gon’s bonus 14 with Tatooine out. 

I admit I’m not fully dueling but with test three and what was that out. I might hold on. 

Test 3 is too major to not do. You complete for free on the same turn as two and it reduces all destinies not just battle. That one off each weapon fire, Card Tech draw, dueling draw, and even podrace draw. With Yoda at the hutt and this the dark side needs a four or higher to even kill a scrub with no or low immunity.

'