---
author: Mason "Palleon" Johnson
title: 'Never Underestimate the Power of the Force'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-27
description: 'After playing this deck will your opponent understand the true nature of the dark side. As the watch Luke and Ben go on Vacation to the Grave.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective(1) 

Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi / Their Fire has Gone out of the Universe. 

Epic Event(1) 

Epic Duel 

Locations(6) 

Cloud City: Docking Bay 
Rendili 
Death Star: Docking Bay 
Spaceport: Docking Bay 
Executor: Holotheatre 
Executor: Meditation Chamber 

Characters(17) 

Emperor Palpatine x2 
Lord Vader x3 
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x2 
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand x2 
Grand Admiral Thrawn 
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle 
Janus Greejatus x2 
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba 
IG-88 with Riot Gun 
Prince Xizor 
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle 

Starships(5) 

Executor 
Chimera 
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth 
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter 
Devastator 

Interrupts(16) 

The Circle is Now Complete 
Vader’s Obsession x2 
Masterful Move x2 
Omni Box & It’s Worse 
Weapon Levitation 
Operational as Planned x2 
Focused Attack x2 
You are Beaten 
I Have You Now 
Prepared Defenses 
Holonet Transmission x2 

Effects(11) 

Visage of the Emperor x2 
Search and Destroy 
Mobilization Points 
No Escape 
There is No Try & Opppressive Enforcement 
Imperial Arrest Order 
First Strike 
There’ll be Hell to Pay 
You Cannot Hide Forever 
Something Special Planned for Them 

Weapons(3) 

Vader’s Lightsaber x2 
Mara’s Lightsaber  

Strategy: 

 
Use Prepared Defenses to start with Imperial Arrest Order, Mobilization Points, and then choose the third effect depending on what your opponent is playing. If you expect SAC then start 
TINT/OE, but otherwise start something else good. 

Starting the Game: 

Start by pulling a Docking bay and Rendili. Draw a few if your short on nessesary cards. Next turn pull another Docking Bay and Lay down Vader. Make sure to get him his saber early and show your opponet the true power of the force. 

Matchups: 

Mains(any type): Wait until you’ve tracked your destiny’s before you try to duel. WIth Luke and Ben dead their leftovers aren’t very difficult to kill off. Deal them the damage with Visage and If they come to space you can take them there also. Good matchup. 

WYS: These aren’t very popular in my area, but they are still very much worth mentioning. Control their sites and if they have Luke down Track and Duel. Drain at their sites and if an oppurtunity opens up kill them in space. 

EBO: Kill them if Possible with your ships and. If they send Luke down duel him. Not much envoled startegy just kill them. Not much to worry about because these are dead in my area, but a few still play them. 

Profit: Easy win duel them to death, and take over ther sites and drain. Kill han and this game is no problem. 

QMC: Never palyed against one, but just keep on Dueling and Win. If they go to the Bespin System you can take them there. 

Rebel Strike Team: Take the Endor system and drain. Duel luke and Obi if they come out. Beat them down at their weakest ground site and drain. Visage will kill their set up. Very tough, but if you outply your opponent you will win. 

Plan on Winning a Local Tourney with this on Saturday. (hopefully), but I could really use some advice. 

Thanks for Reading and Reviewing.  