---
layout: post
author: ! Brandon "Jedi Genius" Schele
title: ! "Abyssins Can Do That??"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-28
description: ! 'MKOS deck with a nice touch of abyssin swarm. Can catch your opponent off guard if they try to battle you.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(8)
My Kind Of Scum/Fearless And Inventive
Tatooine Desert Heart
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace
Well Guarded
Myo(Rep)
Prepared Defenses
No Bargain
Power Of The Hutt
There Is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement(may vary depending on opposing deck)

Locations(2)
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba’s Palace Lower Passages

Characters(24)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Abyssin x9
Bib Fortuna
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Boelo
Chall Bekan
Ephant Mon
Gailid x2
Guri
Jabba
Mighty Jabba
Mosep
Myo x3(including the Rep)
Prince Xizor

Starships(3)
Boba Fett In Slave I
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Effects(10)
Blast Door Controls
Den Of Thieves
Hutt Influence
Reactor Terminal
Resistance(start this against EBO)
Scum And Villany x2
Search And Destroy
Secret Plans(start this if you suspect major retrieval)
There’ll Be Hell To Pay

Interrupts(12)
Abyssin Ornament x3
Elis Helrot
Ghhk & Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us
Jabba’s Twerps x2
None Shall Pass x2
Point Man
Twi’lek Advisor x2
'

Strategy: '

I recently put this deck because of its speed and nearly unlimited retrieval. The objective can be flipped as soon as second turn, while establishing a drain of 6 by turn 4. The point of this deck is basically set up in jabba’s palace, and beat them up wherever they deploy their guys.
i know that a lot of people like the mains version of this better, but it just isn’t as flexible as this is. i mean would you rather deploy 5 abyssins for 5 force or 2 main aliens(depending on which ones)??

Some Card Explanations
why MKOS?? easy. #1- the easy flip. #2- battle destiny draws +2 with jabba and bib on table. #3- the speed that you can set up. #4- retrieve an abyssin a turn. #5- you get well guarded from the start plus you get Jabba’s palace at the start to pull your sites.

why not more sites?? you simply don’t need them. your abyssins deploy for 1 force with scum and villany on table(free to audience chamber with jabba there). you don’t need more than 9 force to do much with a deck like this. 9 force can deploy a lot of stuff.

mosep - drain from reserve deck. huge if out early against ebo and other decks that need crucial cards from their deck.

guri - stops the opponent from drawing more than 1 battle destiny. kills stuff like watch your step and epp beatdowns.

the 3 starships - each one draws destiny by itself and can take out a decent amount of ships when paired with one another. no dengar because he needs support in order to be effective.

search and destroy - they won’t come to the ground?? make them pay for it. mainly used against ebo and hidden base.

resistance - helps hurt ebo. almost automatic because of the speed you occupy 3 sites.

den of thieves - cancels 1 drain a turn with your recyclable abyssins.

jabba’s twerps - can’t get abyssins in your hand?? deploy a lone leader and save 3 force. get 3 abyssins from your deck to up your power by 12. big surprise card. plus retrieves a couple of force late in the game.

point man - cancels order to engage.

elis helrot - just consolidated your forces after the last battle? move them quick with this for another surprise beat down.

Here is what the start of the game should look like
Turn 1 pull audience chamber, with SE Jabba from reserve deck. if you have gailid and/or Scum and Villany in your hand, deploy those. if not, deploy either one of the guys from power of the hutt to the audience chamber to protect jabba. draw your remaining force.
Turn 2 pull lower passages. deploy someone from power of the hutt there or someone from you hand(if there is anyone there). deploy an abyssin to tatooine jabba’s palace and flip your objective. move the abyssin to the lower passages so you have 2 sites pretty much controlled. try and get Scum and Villany, gailid, and myo down asap to the audience chamber. also try and get den of thieves down.
Turn 3 drop someone to the jabba’s palace with an abyssin or someone else for backup. if bib isn’t already on table, get him from your deck or hand and deploy him for the battle destiny +2. this makes your opponent think twice about coming to you and battling.

mid game - drain for 6 and battle wherever they are. don’t forget to retrieve with scum and villany. use elis helrot to move around if needed.

late game - battle and retrieve. use jabba’s twerps and abyssin ornament to retrieve that final force to up the differential.

now for the matchups
There Is Good In Him - if they play eloms, this is a walk in the park. if they play mains, shouldn’t be too bad, just watch your back. try and out drain them and beat them down whenever you get a chance. if they play with scrubs, they shouldn’t have too much power and won’t be able to keep up with your power.

Mind What You Have Learned - get out search and destroy to make them deploy guys. you should be able to get a couple of gailid drains off before they complete test 1. if they are not testing period, watch out for a beatdown. make them deploy first(except in the palace, establish drains there) and swarm on them.

Hidden Base - search and destroy along with your drains will kill them. use your starships wisely to get rid of their fleet.

EBO - resistence and search and destroy will help you. cancel their drains with the objective and den of thieves. if they do go to a battle ground site, make them pay for it.

profit - start lower passages instead of jabba’s palace. start SE jabba and boba fett with gun to audience chamber. get ephant mon and myo there asap and beat them down if they won’t come to the chamber.

i hope that that is enough deck matchups. i want to make a final note that this deck has never lost, and the lowest differential it has won by was 17(that was against the #100 guy in the world, Jon Carbone). if you are gonna give this deck a 4 star or lower, please give reasons.  '