---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "MadSkills84" Pistone
title: ! "Madskills’ HD Endor Drain"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-02
description: ! 'Use high immunity and power characters and starships to take "control" (in the words of Brian Hunter.  Set up large drains that your opponent will not want to try to beat down against.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Unknown Type
       Coruscant 
       Dagobah Cave 
       Endor 
       Endor Back Door 
       Endor Dark Forest 
       Endor Forest Clearing 
       Executor Holotheatre 
       Executor Meditation Chamber 

Characters (18)
       4-LOM With Concussion Rifle 
       Captain Bewil 
     2 Darth Maul 
       Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba 
     2 Emperor Palpatine 
       Grand Admiral Thrawn 
       Guri 
       IG-88 With Riot Gun 
     2 Janus Greejatus 
     5 Lord Vader 
       U-3PO (Yoo-Threepio) 

Vehicles (1)
       Blizzard 2 

Starships (6)
       Boba Fett In Slave I 
       Chimaera 
     2 Dengar In Punishing One 
       Executor 
       Stinger 

Interrupts (12)
       Endor Occupation 
       Evader & Monnok 
       Force Field 
     2 Force Lightning 
       I Have You Now 
       Omni Box & It’s Worse 
       Operational As Planned 
       Prepared Defenses 
       Sniper & Dark Strike 
       Vader’s Obsession 
       Weapon Levitation 

Effects (11)
       Battle Order 
       Come Here You Big Coward 
       Crush The Rebellion 
       Fighter Cover - Admiral’s Order 
       First Strike 
       Lateral Damage 
       No Escape 
       Security Precautions 
     2 Visage Of The Emperor 
       You Cannot Hide Forever 

Weapons (3)
       Maul’s Lightsaber 
     2 Vader’s Lightsaber 

Unknown Type
       Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe 
'

Strategy: '

Ok here’s a deck inspired by Mike Hawley who conviced me that Hunt Down is indeed not dead, but yet still the best objective ever made.

Here’s what the deck does, I set up on an Endor site with Vader and his pals, and use Janus to set up everything I need.  Janus is a god and should be respected as such, his greatness is akin to only Harc Seff’s and the Naked Droid’s.  Well anyways it just controls the game with it’s high powered characters and such because they are just totally dominating.  Always start Crush, YCHF and No Escape.

Here’s some explanation of card choices for you all

Locations I play plenty for draining and a few safe twixes to increase activation.

Characters Bewil is the techest card against QMC and there is nothing like a good beatdown against that deck.  Darth Maul is killer against WYS.  Guri is a machine, literally and figuratively.  U-3PO is even more of a machine than Guri, and if you are not playing him you are on crack, there is nothing more useful than him.

Vehicle It’s just like a really big character that can hide weaker characters and can’t be hit by weapons

Starships These were well thought out, all have high immunity but Degar in punishing one, but he is the best most underused starship in existance, look at him, he screws every light decks space package right now, all rely on immunity to stay alive.  and he totally kills swarm, he’s just an awesome card.  and the stinger is so economical it’s great.

Interrupts Endor occupation is tech in this deck.  Most interrupts are self-explanatory and for battling purposes.

Effects  These are personal preferences and pretty standard.  Security precautions is the best activation card, destiny 5, can’t be drained for extra etc. and also has great game text if you do in fact go up against hb.

Weapons They’re lightsabers, what do i have to say about them.


Comments and questions are welcome
'