---
author: Jonathan "Carny" brown
title: Bringing the Beats..(cough) before me
side: Dark
date: 2001-12-30
description: a BHBM beatdown deck that wins consistently.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting(9)

BHBM/TYFP
Death Star 2: War Room
Insignificant Rebellion
Your Destiny
Prepared Defenses
Colo Claw Fish
Crush the Rebellion
IAO/Secret Plans
Fear is My Ally
(10 Shields, mainly just coward, grabber, Fanfare and SAC stopper)

Locations(4)

Death Star 2: Docking Bay
Coruscant: Docking Bay(Cor)
Blockade Flagship: Bridge
Imperial Holotable

Characters(19)

Darth Vader w/ Lightsaber x 4
Darth Maul w/ Lightsaber x 4
Emperor Palpatine x 2
Darth Sidious x 2
Boba Fett, Bounty Hunter x 2
IG-88 w/ Riot Gun x 2
4-LOM w/ Concussion Rifle x 2
DRE and Snoop

Starships(3)

Zuckuss in Mist Hunter x 2
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth

Interrupts (15)

Evader/ Monnok
I Have You Now x 2
Masterful Move x 3
Blow Parried
We Must Accelerate Our Plans x 3
Alter
Force Lightning
The Circle Is Now Complete
They’re Still Coming Through
Sniper/ Dark Strike


Effects (10)

Visage of the Emperor x 4
The Phantom Menace
Image of the Dark Lord
Blast Door Controls
Emperor’s Power
After Her
Bad Feeling Have I 

Strategy: 

well, this deck is designed to capitalize on the  new beatdown superpower that Theed just put out there, Darth Maul w. Lightsaber. I decided that BHBM was an excellent platform for beats because, not only does in give you ready acces to a destiny adder, it also tacks on one more lost force to every massacre, i mean battle. Basically, every game you just set up with Palpy at the Throne Room, Sidious at the Docking Bay and hold a couple of I Have You Nows. You will be safe, since palpy has Force Lightning to kill off any spy they throw at you, and you can use Emperor’s Power to make them wish they hadn’t come after Sidious. Wait for them to deploy, if they are playing space, drop Vader AND Maul to the Coruscant Docking Bay and start making them wnat to come to you. In the meantime, prepare a beatdown of Zuckuss, Bossk, Fett and 4-LOM to make them cry. Against a ground deck, you will simply win EVERY battle by lots, and eventually have enough cards stacked that, if you need to, you can cross Luke.

Card choices:

Masterful Move x 3: well, it gets my Holograms for Colo Claw Fish, gives me acces to the Holotable, which is easy generation, and is a used destiny 6. 

Force Lightning: I know Palpy isn’t going after anyone, but this is Spy protection, and can Zap Jar Jar too, something that Jerjerrod doesn’t help against.

Inconsequential Barriers: this cards is pure gold. Throw down Blast Door Controls, if they Alter it, they will probably think that it was your only Barrier protection. Drop down, and make em pay.

Bad Feeling: essential in EVERY DS deck. espessialy BHBM, where you give them Luke for cheap.

so many Visages? : I don’t have many TPMs, if you have them, even out the Visage to Menace rotio.

characters: they are designed to work well with just about any combination of themselves. Fett/IG/4LOM/Zuckuss/Bossk all work well together. Add Maul or Vader to any combination, and you have a tough to beat squad.

well, I cvered matchups pretty well at the beginning of the article, so please enjoy, and feel free to D_mail me with suggestions or questions. Thanks. 