---
layout: post
author: Mike "YaggleGakkle" Camp
title: 'Why WYS is still the best LS obj.'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-08-07
description: ! 'Isnt it great when you finish games w/ ZERO cards in your lost pile??'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective
WYS/ Smuggler’s Blues Can Turn Deadly

Characters (18)
Luke Skywalker, Ultra Rare x2
Han w/ Pistol x2
Chewbacca Protector
Lando w/ Shooter
Wedge Antilles
Dash Rendar
Melas
Mirax Terrik
Talon Karrde
Theron Nett
Yotts Orren
Ralltir freighter Cptn x4
Ep 1 Threepio

Ships (5)
Falcon
Outrider
Red Squad 1
Pulsar Skate
Red 10

Interrupts (23)
Run Luke, Run
A Few Manuevers x2
Too Close For Comfort x3
A Step Backward x2
Don’ Get @#$%y
Were You Looking For Me??
OOC/ TT x2
Hyper Escape
Slight Wpns Malfunction
Sorry Bout The Mess
It Could Be Worse x5
Tunnel Vision x2
Podrace Prep

Effects (4)
Squadron Assign.
Insurrection
Draw Their Fire
Menace Fades

Admiral’s Orders (1)
I’ll Take the Leader

Epic Events (2)
Podrace
I Did It

Podracers (1)
Anakin’s

Locations (5)
Tatooine
Cantina
DB 94
Arena
Kessel






'

Strategy: '

Alright, this deck doesnt need much strategy to win, but here goes
This orignally started out as a Threepio Mess deck.  After a few playtests, i discovered that I never used the Messes, and decided to change them to It Could Be Worses. Its much better this way.

This deck has run through Garrison, Bring Him, RalOps, Court, ISB Big Blue, Dark Deal, HuntDown, and ISB troopers, with no sign of stopping.  Start Squassins in most games, but Menace Fades aginst Dark Deal. The main point is to win the race (impossible not to do, check the destinies), while setting up  forces both on ground and in space, and using 3PO to find ICBW to take NO damage from anything.  I’ve faced decks where you can just throw down Nett on ship in front of a couple Star Destroyers to block a drain.  They battle, Nett is immune to <5, and I just ICBW the 15 or so battle damage.  If you notice your opponent has a large Force Pile saved up and is keeping a card in theirhand ready, just dont do something like that. Simple.

Things People Think Might Be Problematic But Aren’t

activation
Almost every DS deck gives up at least a few icons, but even if they dont, you activate plenty.  I’ve played a couple Force choke decks and never come close to losing.  Plus, dont forget about I Did It giving you an extra force every turn.  You get more than enough, trust me.

It’s Worse
If you notice your opponent has a large Force Pile saved up and is keeping a card in their hand ready, just dont play ICBW.  I Did It will get any damage back soon enough.

Big Blue
Never come close to losing to ISB Big Blue. Sure they have enormous power in space battles.  But, for example, look at Wedge’s forfeit. 6. Add 2 with Insurrection.  Add 2 w/ Obj.  Add 2 w/ Karrde.  Plus, if you have lots of force saved up, and an ICBW in hand, well....



'