---
layout: post
author: Olivier "Bel Iblis" De Ridder
title: 'MKOS done RIGHT aka the closest thing to perfection'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-24
description: ! 'I spend days of testing and filtering cards and came to this beauty.I learned alot from Jimmy Faelens and others.PS : Im not Brian Hunter :)'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting jizz 
---------------
MKOS/FAI
Power of The Hutt
No Bargain
TINT/OI
Prepared Defences
TAT  Dessert Hart
TAT  JP

Locations [3]
------------
JP  Audience Chamber
JP  Lower passages
J sail B  Passenger Deck

Starships [4]
-------------
Bossk in ’His Teeth’
Dengar in ’Atritionater’
Ig88 in ’Real Time Relays’
Zuckus in ’Predictable Maneuvers’

Action Figures [20]
------------------
Niado Duegad
Ig88 with gun
4-Lom with Gun
Djas Phur
Mighty Jabba
Boba with hidden waepons
Boelo
Galid
Ephant Man
Prins Black Sun
Dengar with gun
Mara , with Emperors hands
Guri
Snoova
Bib Fortuna
Jodo Kast
Chevin
Dr Dre and Ali Baba
Chall Bekan
Jabba

Interrupts [15]
-------------
Jabba’s Trough with you
Controll / Set for ’fun’ 2
Evader/Monnok
Sniper / Dark Strike
Hidden Waepons
Twi’lek Advisor 2
Oo-Ta Goo-ta , Solo?
Omni Box / It’s Worse
Non Shall Pass 2
Projective Telepathy
Point man
Jabba’s Twerps

Effects [8]
----------
Resistance
Search and Destroy
Secret plans
First Strike
Scum and Villany 2
Hutt Influence
Reactor Terminal

Weapons [2]
-----------
Mara’s saber
Vibro-Ax

Vihicles [1]
------------
Jabba’s Sail Barge

'

Strategy: '

1.Card Choises
--------------

a) Niado Duegad  Most alien decks don’t consider this card as a good alien but a tink his great 
A power 8 alien with destiny of 3 , deploy of 3
forfeit 4 and Ability 3 is super
Ok , you have to pay to make him stronger , but that’s nice to suprise your unaware opponent  so that’s power 2 right? You battle , ok now he’s power eight

b)Jabba’s Twerps  Hello , why ain’t anyone putting this in their deck  It’s a destiny 6 interrupt that alows you to retrive force ( 5 in my deck , and believe me , those leaders are very fast on table )

c)Projective Telepathy Anger , Fear , ... is a hard card and is played alot in my region. I don’t have a choise + I probably still would keep it if not a lot of players played the effect cause it’s an unexpected suprise for your opponents who are counting their force very carefully and use all of it and then battle.
NASTY TECHNIQUE  If you’re sure the don’t play sense , go and battle with any character , Retrive 3 , opponent loses 1 and then play Projective Tele  DARN , I don’t want to pay the force )

d)Omni Box / It’s Worse  One of the best combo’s in my oppinion. While all those Scum decks around think That MWYHL and other good retriving decks don’t exist anymore , I DON’T. This card wrecks on the Edge , test destinies , of the EDGE and GOOD players ( All Good players track ;) and also for those who didn’t learn that It Could Be Worse can be a wrecking card , I shall learn them ...

e)Jabba’s Sail Barge / Passenger Deck  You have no idea ( or you have and then you don’t have to read this) how much this means to this deck
I explain  first turn you fetch this baby with it’s passanger deck . Your aliens are deploy -1 there , immune to attrition <6 and the passenger deck gives you 2 force extra each turn and If you occupy , your sail barge is TOTALY immune to attrition.

f)Oo-ta GOO-ta , Solo?  As the Watch your step decks grows incredebly strong , I don’t want 3 Kessel Runs in a game and loosing 1 force , cause i know that could wrek me.It’s also an interresting card against naburn main decks and can be nasty against Han , Chewbacca or those other groovy smugler dudes.

g)Evader / Monnok  This card is absolutly nessecary against decks who abuse their hand size or those X-wing swarm and yes , then there are those T-47 there’s still good in him decks , and so onAgainst those who play Agents IN THE COURT 
when they keep just 12 cards in their hand , set for stun the REP , auch , monnok lost , lose suckerI still now lots of players who play revolution and that way they wont be able to convert my Passenger Deck or Dessert Hart .

h)Jabba’s trough with you  Well , this is the card that will reck a ground deck  a recyceble destiny 5 , allowing one of my 5 Bounty Shooters to ADD one destiny , a minimum of tree in my deck ( see flipped side objective )

i)MKOS  Why not Court or Set your course?
Well , because this deck gives you activation like a champ and gives you an additional +2 battle destiny and allows you to start with JP 
Court is great at the begining , but has sometimes activation problems + I flipp to easely with Court and I’m not plannig to give up 5 card slots so my rancor can let the obj flipp back
Set for course is VERY good , but Your obligated to defend the DEATH STAR , wich isn’t always easy and against Watch your step , you only get 1 force from your death star and 1 from the War Room

2)Setup  SHOW EPHANT MAN
---------
First Turn , fetch out audience chamber , jabba’s sail barge , Passenger Deck and leave the force opponent gave you.

Second turn , you have normally 12 force
Deploy Jabba , Boelo , scum or twi’lek ( you have that in your starthand mostly )  , a good character ( from reserve Chall with the Ephant non unique alien if you have Jabba in your hand), draw some cards.

After that , your free to do what you like , either battle hard on ground or space , Try to flip or set up a nice drain with Galid , mara’s saber and company.(activation of 13 or more with your aliens -1 at least , don’t you think there are some options now? )

You will see how great your search and destroy will help you as This deck even wreks main and Toys. This deck is mostly ment for a more-than just average player and must be an expert tracker.

POINT Man is also a  champ card against all those people who either use the BO SHUDA / Order to Engage trick or try to cut of your destinys with Scramble.

Now for Some matchups
---------------------

vs Watch your steps  Start Secret Plans , Resistance , and Power o/t Hutt , track your anti kessel run , use your starships wise , ABUSE his cantina , get S&D + power of The Hutt going and this game should prove an auto win

vs Eloms  Who , What , Where ? Those little suckers are just power 2 , set for stun and monnok trick = killing

vs EBO  Start Resistance and Secret + Power o/t Hutt. Get that Search going , you’ll outdrain then and did I mention that deck is potent to draw a battle destiny in space of 30. No deck holds stand to this.

vs MWYHL  start No Bargian , P/O The Hutt and Secret Plans.Use your omni box wise and a monnok lost could hurt a tunnel vision / ot Edge deck too Search and Destroy + quick drains will wrek him and when flipped you still have battle destenies +1 so that shouldn’t give you too much troubles.

vs  Profit  Next to the Elom deck this is the easyest deck to beat Start oppresive / Secret Plans / Power and instead of JP , lower passages.
Pick jabba and chall as start , in your hand you get an NON - unique Efant dude.
Deploy Sail barge again and overdeploy his locations , if you drew scum , you can deploy Boelo too.
Drain Battle win . You will see who easy it is to flip agaist this deck and you will overload them with nift strategies and great destinys.
Never allow your your opponent to get his Han =  never face hard drains = Win the game.PS  if they don’t play Bo Shuda , use Bib

vs Hidden Base , X-swarm  use S&D and monnok.
If you’re able to get all your starships out at a system , do it and give him a balle destiny of 40 against 10 X-wings( with some tracking , in this deck it’s possible and not very hard too).
They can’t cancel your destinies either , using power o/t Hutt , so a easy victory will be ensured again.

VS Hidden Mains , use search , no bargain to your advantage , they will use a big amount of force trying to clean your sites , but they won’t succeed if you play it well.This is a bit tougher than ordenary school X-swarm but should prove you with a win also.

VS  Agents chadra’s  when your ready to battle , set for stun kabe and give those pittyfull power 1 guys a taste of real power )

VS  Rebel Strike Team  They won’t be able to hold the activation and it’s amazing who easely you can clean those ability 2 guys.
The deck can’t handle the REd and the HUGE destinies. Once that you’ve taken care with space aka attrtion 30 , he can’t flip anymore , he doesn’t have Covert Air Support = He’s dead.
Drains of 1 surely won’t beat you

NOw for the 2 tougher matchups 
--------------------------------
a) There’s still good in him 
-------------------------------
They will be outactivated and that’s to your advantage
Start oppresive / No Bargain and power .
FEtch your Sail barge again.
Make those arogent Rebels clear that they’re not welcome on Tatooine and use some fancy tracking to beat the hell out of those EPP suff.
If they on their sites only , drain him for 6 every turn. Otherwise , track and be cautionus for nifty interrupts.You can use the Projective Telephaty , cause this obj uses mostly some anger / fear / agression.Play it good and this deck should do just fine.The luke is hard cause he drains for 2 , but he isn’t immune to S&D , so use that AND please , never deploy mara unless she’s miles away from Luke and you have Oo-ta-goo -ta in your hand , cause 2 force each of opponents turns comes on as hard as that S&D and your advantages are all gone.

b) Throne Room Mains
---------------------
Same strategie as before except DEPLOY mara now )
You’re deck is immune to revolutions and this deck beats in activation.Fight like a champ , use good tracking and win the game.


Thanx for Reading ,
Forgive my spelling ,
Olivier aka I’m not Brian Hunter ’ De Ridder

'