---
author: William "FredDurst100" Diniega
title: 'Maul senate type 2 aka Darth Dodd'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-10-20
description: 'My maul senate deck for the type 2 environment.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective (1) 
My Lord Is That Legal? (start) 

Locations (4) 
Coruscant:Galactic Senate (start) 
Tatooine:Desert Landing Site (start) 
Blockade Flagship:Bridge 
Tatooine:Marketplace 

Senators (12) 
Lott Dod x2 
Yeb Yeb Adem&þ x2 
Passel Argente x2 
Orn Free Taa x2 
Aks Moe 
Tonbuck Toora 
Tikkes 
Edcel Bar Gane 

Other Characters (10) 
Darth Maul x4 
Darth Maul, Young Apprentice 
P-59 
P-60 
Aurra Sing 
Keder The Black 
Rune Hakko 

Weapons (2) 
Maul&#8217;s Lightsaber x2 

Epic Events (1) 
If The Trace Was Correct 

Effects (5) 
I Will Find Them Quickly, Master (start) 
The Phantom Menace x3 
Allegations Of Corruption 

Interrupts (24) 
Neimoidian Advisor (start) 
Maul Strikes x4 
We Must Accelerate Our Plans x3 
Squabbling Delegates x3 
The Point Is Conceded x3 
Alter x2 
Sense x3 
Control x2 
Little Real Power 
Kill Them Immediately 
Vote Now! 

Podracer (1) 
Sebulba&#8217;s Podracer  

Strategy: 

Okay, u all should know how a Senate deck works for DS. But Ill go over how I play this, my version. 

I tried to keep the destiny as high as possible and I have succeeded in that. The basic thing is to try get your oponent some heavy force loss early with a 3 drain at the landing site second turn, and on if u can. Maul will never die with TPM on the table, believe me. I play 4 Maul Strikes and some SAC protection because Maul Strikes is what makes the deck tick. Maul basically holds a site on his own while your destroyers go off and do small assaulkts elsewhere. Keder the black goes and cancels a drain and can help in battles if needed as well. Aurra is solid at getting a destiny, being a nice power 4, and having some immunity. She can also steal a stick sometimes. Rune Hakko is da man in which I can grab him with TPM, and hw works quite well with Yeb Yeb when he is in a senate majority. I look at your destiny, battle with Rune, guess your destiny, makes it a 0. Woeks quite well against Jar Jar when he tries to take out your destroyers. I have retrtrieval with the marketplace and with squabbling delegates, oh and with rune hakko. Basically, u get a early senate majority and send maul and his goons out to hold some sites. There are some tricks to playing this. I really prefer the tat maul, there is one coruscant maul for a beatdown. They leave a ability 3 or less chump in front of tat maul and think they&#8217;re safe. I convert to coruscant maul and beat the snot out of the little weenie. HAHAHAHA! Okay, that&#8217;s how Maul can ewump. I usually duel all the jedi off the table, maul strikes is too good of a card in episode 1 environment. 

A lot of people say that I should put a tat dockin bay in the deck, believe me, I don&#8217;t need it. If they play the amidala somewhere other than tatooine, so what, move maul to the marketplace, drain for 2, and retrieve one a turn. Then send Rune and the destroyrs out to kill while using yeb yeb&#8217;s text to make your opponents destiny 0. There&#8217;s quite a bit of retrieval and can hold the ground quite well. I probably should put a droid control ship and a few pilots in, but if my opponent is playing light space, he&#8217;s playin it with senate, I kill a light senate deck. 

Well, on to match-ups. 

vs. Hyperdrive 
HAHAHAHAHAHA! This is game over pretty fast, I get Maul to junkyard, duel Qui when he comes down, and mop up the rest of the characters with the destroyers and Maul while getting all the bonuses from the senate. 

vs. Light Side Senate 
I played against one of these, he had like 2 of each light character w/politics in his deck. My senators are way to fast and cheap, The 4 deploy for the big senators or guys with politics is too much. My deploy 2 and higest 3 senators get out too fast for him to make his move on the senate. I won against a dedicated light senate deck by around 25. 

vs. Jedi Chamber start to teleport your jedi 
2 people were playing this at the last tournament, I didn&#8217;t play either one, but I think you should be able to duel the jedi off and mop the rest up. You should be able to counter their sac with yours, use lott dod to get your sac, and retrieve it after youve used it with your various forms of retrieval. 

vs. anything with podracing 
You&#8217;ll probably lose the race if they start it caust that means they&#8217;re trying to win it, which is why I should take out my racer, but just set up quick and hit them for as much as you can. Make sure you hold the senate so you dcan get all the bonuses from it. Just battle or duel their characters off. You should do fine. 

I think those are the only real light decks I see in episode 1 environment right now. If you have any questions, d-mail me. 


"Why did you EWUMP your cat?!?!" 
-Eric Hunter 

Enjoy the deck and play on 

William Diniega  