---
layout: post
author: ! Jason "Mr. Black" Herrin
title: ! 'Court Of Darkness'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-11-24
description: ! 'Jabbas palace of Sith'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (10)
Fear Is My Ally
Court Of The Vile Gangster
Any methods Necessary
Boba Fett, Bounty Hunter
Boba Fett’s Blaster Rifle
Slave I
Detention Block Corridor
Jabba’s Palace Dungeon
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Great Pit Of Carkoon

Characters (22)
Darth Maul X2
Darth Maul, Young Apprentice
Emperor Palpatine
Darth Vader With Lightsaber X2
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Stormtrooper Garrison X2
Prince Xizor
Guri
Jabba The Hutt
Boelo
Chokk
Ghana Gleemort
Thok & Thug
Aurra Sing
Snoova
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
P-59
P-60
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Boba

Creatures (1)
Sarlacc

Weapons (7)
Aurra Sing’s Blaster Rifle
Maul’s Double-Bladed Lightsaber X2
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
Naboo Blaster
Vibro Axe
Maul’s Electrobinoculars

Starships & Vehicles (2)
Blizzard 4
Maul’s Sith Infiltrator

Effects (3)
All Wrapped Up
Tarkin’s Bounty
Hutt Bounty

Interrupts (13)
Sniper & Dark Strike X2
Force Field X2
Young Fool
Force Lightning
Jabba’s Through With You X2
I Have You Now X2
Maul Strikes X2
Twi’lek Advisor

Locations (2)
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Tatooine Docking Bay 94

Defensive Shields (10)
Weapon Of A Sith
Oppressive Enforcement
There Is No Try
Secret Plans
Do They Have A Code Clearance?
You Cannot Hide Forever
A Useless Gesture
Allegations Of Corruption
Fanfare
Wipe Them Out, All Of Them
'

Strategy: '

The deck is pretty simple to play. I’ll give a brief overview of the way I see this deck being used.

Early game- You realistically won’t be able to drop Boba Fett the first turn, so use the Audience chamber to pull Snoova and then go get his axe. Pull a docking bay and deploy the detention block so Boba Fett will be able to stay out the next turn. Or if you don’t care just store force and lose the 1 to your objective and deploy him next turn. Cement your hold on Tatooine and then worry about going after your opponent.

Mid game- This is where you need to have All Wrapped Up on the table. You should be concentrating on capturing a few of your opponents good characters. Or if you think you can create enough attrition through battle destinies work on taking out your opponents characters that way. Remember to not deploy more upkeep characters than a total upkeep of 3. This is VERY important These characters tie up a lot of resources so just hold extras in hand unless you think their presence on the table will help you win in a couple of turns.

End game- Keep placing your opponents captives out of play with the Sarlacc. This is also your only ‘consistent’ form of retrieval in the deck. Battle a couple of times with 3 or 4 destinies and the game should be yours.

Card  choices-

Court and not Hunt Down- The main reason here is the objectives minimal setup required and its pay-off. You get to retrieve with this deck, but you consistently lose to Visage. Also due to the huge influx of playable jedi for the light side it actually becomes harder for a Hunt Down deck to kill them. Court pulls the zero destiny locations out of your deck and lets you pull Maul’s ship. Immunity to Goo Nee Tay and increased forfeit levels are also awesome capabilities to have. Its easy to flip and keep flipped. Plus the support cards available for the theme are very strong in and of themselves.

I feel the objective was the only real explanation that I needed to make here due to the other cards relative strengths in the deck so I think that I’ll move on now.

Match-ups

Pod profit- This deck hoses Profit. I camp out with all of my forces, capture, feed to the Sarlacc and laugh. Plus they can’t drain me if I never let them flip their objective. You may lose some cards to the race, but he won’t get much retrieval out of it.

QMC- this is a good match. It will be tough to fight it out, but in the end you’ll widdle the opponent down to a very few characters. If you capture the right cards their deck will never know what hit it.

TIGIH- Another fun deck to play. Maul kills Luke and the game is over for them though. Just watch out for lots of those scouts.

EBO- Let the drain race begin This one you can win as well, if you play your cards right. In the end you’ll have to face each other at some point. And when you do you’ll be able to deliver the beat down of their life

Duel Of The Fates- This deck will be a tough match if you try to sit there and out drain them. So my suggestion is this, KILL THE JEDI at the Theed Generator sites as soon as you can. Deploy and suicide battle if need be to get rid of those ugly jedi. Just keep them from building up there drains. Best bet here, Vader, Boba Fett, and Snoova for maximum damage and capture action. Capturing will be there major weakness.

Hidden Base- Sub in Security Precautions for any card that you like and just kill this deck hard. Hidden Mains will come to you though so be prepared for some good battles at the palace.

Well thats all folks. Thanks for taking the time to read my stuff.
'