---
layout: post
author: ! josh "honkytonk33" Mallett
title: ! "EBO/A-Wing"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-17
description: ! 'Get out ebo in 3 turns. Now head to the sky for some massive drains.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(4)

1st marker
4th marker
The signal
A New Secret Base


Character(16)

Admial Ackbar
General Calrissian
General Walex Blissex x2
Major Haash’n
Commander Luke Skywalker
Commander Wedge Antilles
Captain Han Solo
Chewbacca, Protector
Obi-wan with stick
Corran Horn
Derek "Hobbie" Klivian
Tycho Celchu
Biggs Darklighter
Harc Seff
Boushh

Blue(17)

Home One
Independence
Liberty
Corellian Corvette x4
Falcon
A-wing x9

Green(3)

Anakin’s stick
Landing claw x2

Red(11)

The Signal x3
EBO
EBG
Lauching The Assault
Menace Fades
Goo Nee Tay
Lightsaber Proficiency
Under Cover x2

Locations(9)

Dantooine
Mon Calamari
Sullust
Kessal
Hoth
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
      Echo War Room
      Echo Corridor
Home One Docking Bay
'

Strategy: '

With in 3 turns I have out EBO. Now start deploying in space. It really helps if you have Datooine out -3 captial starships -2 starfighters. If I don’t have it, I pull out Mon Cal -2 star crusiers. If I have a signal in my hand the first card I try to get is Lauching The Assualt, it brings into hand Home One and adds +1 force drain where you have a piloted crusier. Depending on what I am playing the next card I try to get is Menace Fades or Goo Nee Tay. On the ground i try to put Obi-wan/ stick on 4th marker with lightsaber proficiency and/or luke with his stick out there. I also try to get who ever else is on ground (usely Wedge and Hobbie) on to a ship. If I can I try to put some  undercover spies out ASAP. I have been thinking about getting rid of the undercovers and adding some more cards like Rebel Barrier and Rebel Fleet. I also am thinking about getting rid of Falcon. Even though it is a 9,7,6 card and it’s immune to attrition< 5, gets 2 destiny draws, and forfet 21 with Han and Lando aboard. The landing claws work great, because ”if you can’t beat’em join’em” or at least on them. 

I don’t have Zev that is why he is not in here. When I get him i’m gonna dump Harc Seff and I have Dash Rendar in my deck not Biggs.

Most of you are wondering why i used A-wings instead of the good old X-wing. 2 reasons, the first is everybody uses x-wings i’m sick of seeing them. The othere reason is, most of my friends(including me with my Endor Ops deck) that have decks based around space use dread-naught crusiers and tie interceptors. One crusier with 2 ties fighting aginst an x-wing = power 15 and a d-draw. A-wings keep them from getting that extra +1 and if they are useing tie defenders a-wings reduce there power by 1 because they have the higher maneuver.

I’m new to Decktech {my 2 day as member) so if i forgot to write something please don’t give me a bad review. Unless you think my deck sucks, at least then you gave it a bad review for a good reason.


'