---
layout: post
author: ! Mark "yodarth" Kloida
title: ! "Madines Salt Addict Rehab Center"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-22
description: ! 'A MWYHL deck using Arconas and Order To Engage along with main beatdowns and great destiny.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (6)
Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can
Dagobah
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Insurrection
Wise Advice
Strike Planning

Locations (6)
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Dagobah Training Area
Home One Docking Bay
Tatooine Docking Bay
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Tatooine Cantina

Characters (15)
Daughter Of Skywalker
Yoda
General Madine
Arcona x4
EPP Luke x2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
EPP Obi x3
EPP Han x2

Jedi Tests (1)
Great Warrior

Effects (14)
Anger, Fear, Agression x3
For Luck
Staging Areas
Order To Engage x2
You Insight Serves You Well
I Hope She’s Alright
Yoda’s Gimer Stick
Honor Of The Jedi
Projection Of A Skywalker x3

Interrupts (18)
Control & Tunnel Vision x3
It Could Be Worse x6
Yoda Stew/You Do Have Your Moments x2
The Signal x3
Houjix/Out Of Nowhere x2
Bith Shuffle/Desperate Reach
Out Of Commission/Transmission Terminated '

Strategy: '

Please Read...
Responses to reviews
This deck was made to stop my local meta.  I never said it could like win worlds, but it is a machine by me.  Point Man is the biggest problem, since it’ll make OTE go to the lost pile, so always have the other one ready to go.  The dark side needs to spread out to drain me bad enough, then they might do 5-6 damage at MOST.  If they grab ITBW, you have 5 others to play, plenty enough to still stop some drains.  Plus you have Controls.  And then on the other hand you’re draining for like 5 at least and doing 2 damage with I Hope She’s Alright.  Arconas are limited to 3 on table at once (***Arcona), and with Madine pulling them (Why the hell do I need Wind Chimes when he gets them all out anyways within a couple turns?) I’ll get all I need.  Yeah, each Arcona can only react once a turn, but the opponent can’t battle against a character who’s already reacted away cause its considered already battled.  And ever hear of suicide mains?  You don’t sit there against BHBM and deliver Luke and Obi to Vader, you pound them where they’ve got other guys, it’s common sense play.	Against a BHBM you really have the advantage, cause you can get your Lukes out of your deck cheap to do damage, then deploy them again from lost pile.	If they got Vader at a battleground, give Jedi Luke up, they gotta lose an extra Force a turn and they’ll never be able to find a spot to battle where you dont run away.


First, starting stuff.	Insurrection is an always start, and so is Wise Advice.  If they play all space pulling Madine is no biggie, so start Insight so you can pull I Hope She’s All Right and do some direct damage (not many dark decks think a MWYHL deck is gonna pack it)

First turn you’re gonna pull Yoda’s Hut and Home One Docking Bay.	If they gave you enough Force for a Signal or you have it in your hand, you can get Staging Areas and put Madine down with Strike Planning.  Otherwise drop Yoda at his Hut.  Next turn pull the Training Area and the Jedi Test.  Also get DOS down and get the test ready.  Third turn you should complete the test.	You need >12, DOS is 5, +2 for the sites, +1 for Yoda, +1 for Wise Advice, means you draw 2 destiny and choose 1.  That means you need a 4 or more to complete, and theres over 20 left in your deck after starting stuff, so if should be no problem to complete test 1.  If Broken Concentration is popular in your area you might want to pack another Dagobah site or something that adds to training destiny, cause it’ll hurt; Broken Concentration is absent in my area so it’s no big deal for me.	So you have nice destiny and its no big deal to complete test 1.

Now that their drains are stopped they’re draining for icons.  You have different strategies against ground and against space, so I’ll start with ground first.  You have Signals and Projection of a Skywalkers, so get them out and limit their drains even more.  An early AFA helps you too.  Get Madine to the Home One Docking Bay and start pulling your Arconas.  Its not too big a deal if Madine dies after a while, it won’t take long to get a few Arconas out anyways.  Then pull Order To Engage and deploy the Arconas to where they have Presence and start reacting them away and all.  It’ll do wonders against some decks, but BHBM and some others will have like 1 site to each planet so you can’t react away.  Here you have the Cantina and Docking Bay if they already have a Tatooine site out, and the Downtown Plaza if they have a Cloud City site out.  Mot dark decks that drain at 2/2s will use the Back Door, so putting in an Endor Docking Bay or whatever won’t kill you.  Now your Arconas are making them lose big time.  You have them losing for OTE, their modifiers stopped, Projection of a Skywalkers limiting their drains, they’re draining for 1-2 if lucky.	So if they spread out or just dont have a huge army, EPPs attack.  You’ll have alot of hits and good destinies, so it shouldn’t be too hard to beat them up.  With OTE damage, them draining for dirt, and beatdowns you should have no problem winning.

Now against space.  Start Insight instead of Strike Planning.  Get Test 1 completed as normal.	Now there’s a Tatooine Docking Bay and 2 more 2/2 sites.	It shouldn’t be hard to get 2 out of the 3, if not all out.  With your mains or whatever just set them down for drains.  It Could Be Worse their space drains.  Lose Insight for I Hope She’s Alright, the dark side S&D, and you’ll have at least 5 damage on them, and they wont be able to get that much, especially that quick and you can Control some 2s or whatever.

SAC protection-you’ll find with Order To Engage that you’ll need to protect it and you don’t want your reacts sensed.  You add 4 to the draws with MWYHL.  That means Palpy needs a 2 to be successful, Vader a 1, and Mara a 0.  There’s a handy dandy lil cards called For Luck.  If they SAC something all you gotta do is use 1-2 Force, and to successfully complete a SAC draw they need to have Mara on table and draw a 0.  Nice, eh?  Now what else?  Wise Advice, which you now know is a crucial part of your training destiny, makes you OTE go to used so you can just track it up for re-Signal for it, or Tunnel Vision.  So now you got to worry about them sensing your reacts.  Control will stop the 1 or 2 lucky senses that might get through once in a lifetime.	If for some reason you don’t have a Control ready, theres also 2 Houjix in case they cream your Arconas, but that should never happen.

Reasons I use particular cards

Houjix/Out Of Nowhere You just need it for the normal Houjix text, and it have 2 destiny instead of 1 so you might as well use it instead.

Yoda Stew/You Do Have Your Moments You’ll find with the reacting and For Luck you might need some extra Force, Yoda Stew gives you that.  But YDHYM?  Look at the destiny...say you outpower them by like 4-5, hit all but 1 of their characters (with this destiny you might have even hit them all), and you’re afraid they’ll draw the 3 they need to get in any attrition on your mains (Yoda at his Hut makes it -2)...just play this and you can have the pleasure of keeping them out.  Its really worth the -1 destiny penalty for not just packing Yoda Stew.  If you still can’t believe that its worth it, try it.	If you still done believe it then for godsakes go with the normal Yoda Stew.

It Could Be Worse Limits drains and big battle damage nicely.	Don’t play it when they got a 50 card Force pile though, ok?

Anger, Fear Agression With them initiating against your Arconas just to lose Force why?  Early game 4 Force loss is nice, and against space decks it is an asset.

Yoda’s Gimer Stick This is my Scum tech.  Your reacting the Arconas will get you a fair amount of Force, but they will still have some locations where they will initiate and have a Force swing with Scum and First Strike.  Now they need a charcter of ability >3 to battle.	Sure Bane and Jabba The Hutt and stuff have ability >3, but a lot of MKOS and that won’t.  So now you have a little advantage.

Match-ups
I explained most deck match-ups above, so refer to the stuff up there for anything you need.  It’s mainly the same for most decks, you just have to determine whether its ground or space.

Hope you have fun with this deck, it’s proven to be a winner for me.

Mark ”yodarth” Kloida  '