---
layout: post
author: ! garrett "deadbody" larson
title: ! 'Deadbodys Schoolgirl Mains'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-05
description: ! 'Okay this is a Throne Room EPPs beats deck.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start 5
Yavin 4 Throne Room
Heading for the Med Frig
Insurrection
Strike Planning
Staging Areas

Locations 6
Yavin 4 War Room
Hoth DB
Endor
Home 1 DB
Home 1 war Room
Back Door

Characters 19
2x Luke w/Stick
2x Obi w/ Stick
2x Leia w/ Gun
2x Chewie Protector
2x Han w/ Gun
Lando with Poke Stick
Major Hassh’n
Corran Horn
Colonel Cracken
General Walex Blistex
Lt. Blount
Wedge (ANH)
General Crix
KFC

Blue 2
Home 1 
Old Skool Falcoln

AO 1
I’ll Take the Leader

Effects 9
Aim High
Do or Do Not/Wise Advice
Goo Nee Tay
Draw their Fire
Bacta Tank
Ounee Ta
Launching the Assault
2x Revolution

Interuppts 18
2x Smoke Screen
3x Bisth Shuffle/Desparate reach
4x Out of Commision/Tranny Term.
2x Signal
Run Luke Run
Waepon Lev
Glancing Blow
Courage of a Skywalker
Control and Tunnel Vision
Sorry about the mess/Blaster Prof.
Houjix/Out of Nowhere '

Strategy: '

Okay Strategy is simple, first the name comes from the fact that this deck usually lets you at least once per tourney (and usually once per game) say "Okay my power is (random large number) yours is (random small number) your forfeit is zero TEE HEE (giggle like a schoolgirl)

Firrst turn Pull both generals before you activate, then activate pull a DB deploy Crix if opponent gave you force, then pull a scout.  If no force from opponent then deploy walex.  Next turn you should deploy the other DB, and get someone there.  Draw.  By now you should have enough EPP’s to make a beatdown, so you activate enough to deploy them, and wait, if you need some cards still to make it work draw, but stop when you have enough to make a beatdown, you need a lot of force to deploy 3 or 4 EPP’s at once, and draw multiple weapon and battle destiny.

Okay card Choices.  4 OOC/TT’s, yeah I know it’s overkill, but if you get rid of Visage it gives you time to set up, and you dont’ bleed profusly while it happens, plus the easy to recycle 5 helps a lot. 3 BS/DR Imperial Barrier is the bane of this deck, plus again it is an easy to recycle 5  Any other specific Card Questions D-Mail Me.

Match-Ups

BHBM- Use Epp Luke as a suicide guy until Vader comes down, Then just give him up.  YOu should’nt lose too many battles, so this is not a bad match-up, play smart, consider starting WA/DODN instead of Strike Planning if you suspect Heavy SA, since you have enough CHeap guys in the deck you should get 1 opening hand.  Watch out for Mara after their first turn, back up your DB’s.

Scum-Hardest Match-up you both want to battle, your BS/DR’s should help you here, and just keep killing his guys.

Ties-ITTL and get your ships out together ASAP.  Use your Drain Site, and take over the Death Star for more, get out Aim High as well.  Close game.

Hunt Down-Easy Win.  YOur EPP beats will kill everybody, and you don’t bleed from Visage. Don’t duel until you have good destiny stacked, and then use the dueling cards to win it for you.

Okay this deck has gone to like 5 striaght tourneys and is about 20-3  It works well as long as you play smart, and wait for your opening.  I am posting this mostly so I have a record of it, since I want to try and build something that will handle Scum better.  Any comments will be appreciated, but D-mail specific Questions to me.  I took the basic Idea of htis from someone on DeckTech here about a month ago, and just modified it to fit what I thought would do a little better.

Garrett "Deadbody" Larson '