---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "choker" Sorrell
title: ! "SAD BUT TRUE"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-02
description: ! 'Its sad that a deck this cheesy can be effective, but its true.  Flat out...this deck simply wins.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'START
Tatooine JP
Tatooine Desert Landing Site
Combat Readiness

CHARACTERS
Maul x3
DLOTS x3
Emperor Palpatine x4
Janus Greejatus x2
Mara Jade
IG-88 w/ Gun
Dengar w/ Gun
Guri
Thrawn
Admiral Chiraneau

LOCATIONS
JP Audience Chamber
JP Lower Passage
Hoth War Room x2

GREEN
Maul’s Saber
Mara’s Saber
Vader’s Saber

RED
Grabber
Blast Door Controls
Search and Destroy
No Escape
Something Special Planned For Them
Much Anger in Him
Responsibility of Command x2
Sense x5
Alter x2
Force Lightening x2
Sniper & Dark Strike
Twi’lek x3
Imperial Command x3
Force Field x2
Weapon Levitation x2
Omni Box & It’s Worse x2

BLUE
Chimaera x2 '

Strategy: '

(PRE-CORUSCANT)
I’m not going to write much cause the decklist is pretty self-explanatory.  Get the JP sites out using the Audience Chamber and play Mara w/ her saber to the Chamber first turn for a solid drain of 2.  With the other characters just go to the opponent sites and beat him off them.  That simple.  If they play an interrupt you sense it.  If they play an effect you alter it.  Get the jedi with their matching sabers using weapon lev., combine this with dark strike, and smack the opponent around.  If they are depending on barriers like most WYS decks or QMCs stick out Blast Door Controls and execute the beat down.  

The cheesy part comes in with Responsibility of Command.  Twi’lek for the Much Anger in Him and the ROC and get the war room out.  Target one of the characters and block their drain (and make them lose 4) at a site for the rest of the game.  Cheesy but extremely effective.  Use Omni Box and Force Lightening to recirculate to guarantee high weapon destiny draws.  Once you’ve got the ROC combo in action Twi’lek for all the nice helper effects.  No Escape is great cause it will let you retrive a good battling card like Sniper & Dark Strike or even a saber.  

This deck has no problem with activation cause you get an automatic 9 force on your own by turn three plus what the opponent provides.  If you are playing Haye’s Brilliant Pile you shouldn’t have much problem because Force Field (the God card) lets you cancel their weapon targetings, and you’ll win every SAC war, considering most of these decks only play with three senses.  

Between your force drains and the ROC combo you should have more than enough damage to overwhelm the opponent.  What also helps this deck is that it’s not card intensive like WYS decks and other popular LS decks.  If you play WYS and they cancel your SAC...so what.  Play your game w/ Responsibility and you win.  Stick Maul in space to negate their presence.  Use your Imperial Commands to get your admirals and either draw three destiny or limit the opponent to one destiny.  Better yet, stick Guri in the Chimaera against WYS and you will have space control of  location of your choice (i.e. Kessel).

Have fun and enjoy the power of cheese.  This deck’s success is SAD but TRUE

Michael ”the Spider Monkey” Sorrell  '