---
layout: post
author: ! Douglas "Douglas" Harvilla
title: ! 'No Questions Asked'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-09-01
description: ! '  The latest version of a very successful Watch Your Step deck, with changes made for the Coruscant environment.  Very heavy on battle power.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Watch Your Step/
This Place Can Be A Little Bit Rough

Locations(6)
Tatooine
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine DB94
Kessel
Home One DB
Hoth Echo DB

Characters(19)
Luke With Saber x3
Han With Blaster x2
Chewie With Blaster 
Lando With Blaster
Melas x2
Ralltir Freighter Captain x3
Dash Rendar
Mirax Terrik
Wedge Antilles
Talon Karrde
Phylo Gandish
Theron Nett
Yotts Orren

Starships/Vehicles(8)
Millennium Falcon
Outrider
Pulsar Skate
Red 10
Artoo In Red 5
Red 6
Rogue 1
Rogue 3

Podracer
Anakin’s Pod

Weapons(2)
X-Wing Laser Cannon x2

Admiral’s Orders(4)
I’ll Take The Leader
No Questions Asked x2
Combined Fleet Action

Effects(5)
Insurrection & Aim High
Squadron Assignments
Menace Fades
Battle Plan & Draw Their Fire
Insight & Staging Areas

Interrupts(14)
Heading For The Med Frigate
Control & Tunnel Vision x3
Sorry About The Mess & Blaster Prof. x2
A Jedi’s Resilience x2
Too Close For Comfort x2
Power Pivot
Run Luke Run
The Force Is Strong W/This One
Rug Hug '

Strategy: '

  Peacecraft  Did you win the bet?  I liked the Clint Hayes comparison particularly.  Never in my life have I been so uncertain as to whether I’ve just been complimented or insulted.  )

  Quick response to questions about the speeders and No Questions Asked.  These are not included for the ”fun” element, they’re necessary and powerful cards.  

  The Rogues allow a couple of relatively wimpy smugglers to hold a site without risking a massive beatdown involving a saber and Dark Strike or Iggy’s gun.  Some weapons can target speeders, but at least they don’t get at the forfeits of the occupants, so it’s still better than putting guys down in the open.

  No Questions Asked is too good to pass up.  If nothing else, it gets rid of Orn Free Ta and undercover spies blocking your drains.  Combined with tracking or the Blaster Prof. combo card, you can use it to gun down big characters and make the opponent live in fear of you.  Or just use it to get in an extra drain by moving in the Control Phase.  Good card.  

  What about Maul?  There’re a half-dozen characters in this deck who can battle against Maul, and several who can gun his sorry ass down in the Control Phase.  Maul only ”wrecks” WYS at the remedial level of SWCCG.

  What about the Senate?  Scan down to the last couple paragraphs.  As is usually the case, the better player will win this match-up.  ”Auto loss” is a term which exists only as an excuse.

  Why no Podracing?  I prefer getting my three effects out and going for the win through control of the board.  Typically I win my opponent’s podrace if he initiates one, even without A Step Backward.  Too Close For Comfort helps by stopping the dirty tricks.

  Why EPP Luke instead of Jedi Luke?  Being a Jedi is a liability, he might as well paint a target on his forehead.  TC-14 can make him power=0, Maul can get yet another draw against him with Maul Strikes, or just duel him out in the Control Phase.  Jedi Luke is also too expensive anywhere but Endor or Home One, and this means he’s more defensive than EPP Luke, limiting his usefulness and making him more vulnerable to TC-14 and other anti-Jedi cards.

  Not to mention the difficult time Jedi Luke has killing Maul, since The Phantom Menace gives him defense +2 and total immunity with a Jedi.  Sure, I could put the Trans Terms back in here, but why bother getting into that game of TT-Holonet-TT-Holonet just so Luke can stand a chance against Maul?  And I wouldn’t use it on Visage, I typically want it to stay on table hitting us both, so my opponent has less breathing room.  Better to go with the cheaper guy with a permanent weapon for card efficiency, and back him up with smooth support cards like SATM/Blaster Proficiency and A Jedi’s Resilience to get him back from the Lost Pile.  

  The other character choices are pretty self-explanatory.  Rogue 1 and Rogue 3 are for protection from weapons and character removal, and Combined Fleet Action can deploy them from the Reserve Deck.  Compared with just putting a couple characters down in the open, it’s a very secure way to hold a site.  Dengar With Blaster can shoot at the Rogues, but if I’ve got a Ralltir Captain aboard, the maneuver is +1, so it’s far from a guaranteed hit.  Too Close For Comfort only stops targeting of characters (good catch, Burst Goat).

  X-Wing Lasers are for tearing the bounty hunter ships apart, Combined Fleet Action is a good play right before attacking Vader or Maul with EPP Luke, to stop the multiple draws with I Have You Now.  I’ll Take The Leader is added protection for the starships and a drain bonus.  

  No Questions Asked combined with SATM/Blaster Proficiency is very smooth, allowing your smugglers to run around during the Control Phase gunning down everything in sight.  It is great for ground control and preparation for a beatdown.

  The reasons for the effects I’m using should be obvious.  Insight & Staging Areas won’t stay suspended long, the smugglers will occupy a battleground system pretty quickly.

  A Jedi’s Resilience is great for a 6 destiny, getting EPP Luke back from the Lost Pile so he can cut down more of the opponent’s characters, and providing extra duel defense.  This card lets you wait and see who wins before deciding to cancel it.  If the opponent plays Vader’s Obsession, you might as well let the duel resolve and see if he’ll lose Vader to his own card.  

  And finally, Rug Hug.  Why do I use this?  It’s a very flexible battle interrupt, adding two flips when Chewie and Luke are in a battle, which can be very useful with No Questions Asked to move Chewie or Run Luke Run to move Luke.  Or just add 4 to my total power when I have a Rebel and an Alien together.  It helps against a Lateral Damage beatdown, adds to what my opponent loses in a beatdown, etc etc.  Great card.  Plus it is a bit of a trademark.  

  What does this do against Senators?  First appreciate the fact it’s not Speed Deal, which concerns me more and which I’ve included some countermeasures against.  But straight battle power, the guns, and Power Pivot can help you hold in space against whatever ships the Senate deck is using, and on the ground, permanent weapons and No Quesions Asked tricks can be used for table control.  The better player will win this match-up.

  If you get annoyed with all the game text on those Senators messing with you, you might also track destiny and attack with some smugglers at the Senate.  Their game text will be canceled, but they’re still smugglers, and the Senate isn’t a battleground, so the destiny-limiting game text on Edcel Bar Gane won’t stop you.       

'