---
layout: post
author: ! Eric "proxy man" Fletcher
title: ! 'Seeking An Audiance'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-05
description: ! 'Set up unpreventable retrieval every turn, with the ability to do mucho damage to non-cooporative opponents.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (9)
You Can Either Profit By This...
Jabba’s Palace
Audiance Chamber
Han Solo
Podrace Prep.
Podrace Arena
Boonta Eve Podrace
Anakin’s Podracer
Seeking An Audience

Locations (3)
Rondevous Point
Yoda’s Hut
Tatooine Troche Station.

Effects (7)
Ounee Tay
Bacta Tank
Hero Of A Thousand Devices
A Gift
Yoda’s Gimer Stick
Projection Of A Skywalker
Underworld Contacts

Devices (3)
Arc Welder
Holoprojector
Retractable Arm

Interrupts (10)
Out Of Commission
The Bith Shuffle
OOCommission & Transmission Terminated
The Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach
Jedi Levitation
Control & Tunnel Vision
Surprise Assault
The Signal
Houjix
Grimtaash

Characters (14)
2x Artoo
Threepeo W/ Parts
Han W/ Blaster
Leia W/ Blaster
Princess Leia Organa (The captive)
Ben Kenobi
Obi-Wan W/ Lightsaber
Qui-Gon Jinn
Master Luke
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Kight
Lando W/ Vibro-Ax
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Kal’Falnl C’ndros

6-Destiny Cards (14)
Restraining Bolt
R2 Sensor Array
Hopping Mad (Fetches Droid Shutdown)
3x Droid Shutdown
2x Throw Me Another Charge
Levitation
Under Attack
Run Luke, Run
A Jedi’s Resilience
Fall Of The Legend
Strangle (destiny 7) '

Strategy: '

This deck has three Force Retrieval units, Podracing, Rescuing Han, and Rescuing Leia.
Over half the deck (after starting deployment) is destiny 5 or higher, so you should have no trouble winning the podrace. 
Rescuing Han is straightforward, make good use of the "retrieve 10" --Note that against a heavy space deck, you might want to go for the quick flip-and-drain rather than waiting. In this case, delay the Podrace as long as possible--
Rescuing Leia is a multi-step process as follows
Your opponent may start two aliens. Anyone who does so will probably start a bounty hunter or Jabba, and most people will play one of those eventually (maybe not on Tatooine, but you can go to them). Use Seeking An Audiance to deploy Artoo, use Artoo to get Hero of 1000, then use Hero of 1000 to get Arc Welder.
Use Seeking An Audiance to deploy Leia to the same site as Artoo and his Arc Welder, and during your next control phase, use the Welder to release Leia. Choose to send Leia to your Used pile, then retrieve 5 Force, courtesy of Leia’s Game Text. Repeat as necessary. On Tatooine, you can send Artoo Undercover with A Gift (Also grabbable by Artoo) to be able to follow your opponent on his own turn. Threepeo is also deployable with Seeking, and Both Artoo and Threepeo are deploy -2 at Jabba’s Palace sites thanks to You Can Either Profit By This...

Note that you can also grab Holoprojector (which grabs Grim, Projection, and Houjix) and Retractable Arm (Which steals Lightsabers) with Hero of 1000.

While your Retrieval is occuring, your opponent cannot Force Drain at any Tatooine site (they can’t drain at the AC, and you can have an Undercover Threepeo or Artoo to block JP, and A Gift to give -1 at any other sites, and a Projection for an additional -1.)

Your character base is enough to produce modest beatdowns, and 8 Force loss per turn after you flip.

The sites are 2 Twix that can never be used against you, and the Troche Station, which is your 4th battleground and can eaisily produce an extra 5-6 Force per turn.

Droid Shutdown stops just about anything your opponent would want to do to your poor little droids.
Very few duplicates, and Threepeo can get rid of extra Droid Shutdowns, so you don’t have to fear Monnok.
Assumption Opponents do not play Sense/Alter
The many, many high destinies means that you do not have to track to succeed, and you can eaisily win duels/battles blindly drawing.

Any and all comments are appreciated. '