---
layout: post
author: Matt "TmastamattC" Ehrhart
title: 'I Know Everyone Agrees Katie Holmes is just AMAZING'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-06
description: ! 'well ive been useing false start SYCFA w/ scum for a while, and thought why not try something new... only thing was i liked activating so much force, so i stuck w/ SYCFA.'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'STARTING
Set Your Course For Alderaan/The Ultimate Power In The Universe
Death Star
Alderaan
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Prepared Defenses
You Cannot Hide Forever
Power Of The Hutt
Mobilization Points

LOCATIONS(5)
Death StarDocking Control Room 327
Death StarWar Room
ExecutorDocking Bay
Kiffex
Kuat

CHARACTERS(16)
Admiral Chiraneau
Admiral Piett
Arica x2
Commander Merrejk
Ephant Mon
Grand Admiral Thrawn x3
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Lord Varder x3
U-3PO x2

CHARACTER WEAPONS(2)
Vader’s Lightsaber x2

STARSHIPS(6)
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Chimaera
Death Squadron Star Destroyer x3
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

ADMIRAL ORDERS(3)
We’re In Attack Position Now x3

INTERRUPTS(13)
Ghhk & Those Rebels Wont Escape Us x2
Gravity Shadow
Imperial Command x3
Masterful Move
Ommni Box & It’s Worse
Overwhelmed
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
Twilek Advisor x3

EFFECTS(7)
Battle Order
Kuat Drive Yards
Lateral Damage x2
Presense Of The Force x2
Something Special Planned For Them '

Strategy: '

Well the title was a last idea, i just couldn’t think of anything better at the time... ok on to the deck...
First to be explained is how to set up, i think to play this deck well you have to set it up fast enough. Before you activate search for Kuat. First turn you search your deck for a card with Death Star in the title. if you see the Docking Control Room 327, and the Executor Docking Bay, and Ephant Man pull them all and deploy them, along w/ Kuat. after you deploy them move Ephant Man over to the DS docking bay, next turn you move him to the executor docking bay. As sick and twisted as this sounds, that is the reason i made this deck. Its a activation of three force that light cant stop (unless they move my presense or they play Watch Your Step). If all three arent there just deploy the war room. The next thing you do is worry about getting Kiffex out, via Commander Merrijk (which is found from Pietts once per game, which is found w/ imp. command). Not that hard right, i mean sounds easy enough? Ok from there you look to set up a drain in space, while dropping the undercover spies to their sites. Space is taken care of by Grand Admiral Thrown in a destroyer, that’s why i play three. Three equals easy to find, and easy to replace when he dies. Now why pull Kuat and not Rendili, well b/c its not in here. No just kidding, b/c Kuat Drive Yards is a great card... When you get KDYs in your hand, either draw it up or use a Twelek drop it and search for a star destroyer from reserve deck and deploy it. Of course there is a draw back, you have to deploy it to Kuat. After that all you do is sit back and let them either try to fight you, or drain them to death. Drop a presense on Kuat and the Death Star, then drop Admiral Chiraneau on a star destroyer and you drain in space for a total of 7. Keep in mind that you can react for free to a battle at Kuat, which means you can leave a empty star destroyer there and just react over there when they battle you. Im tryin to work a Officer Evax into the deck so that i can do the same thing at the Death Star. Vader and Tarkin are always a good thing for back up anywhere. Up in space just to cancel a draw, or even on the ground for a good beating. Whichever works best for you, and dont forget about vaders saber.
You have a Masterful Move in there to cancel Savrip, SHUSHD to kill the Bacta Tank, Imp Commands cause well they kinda are great in the deck, Gravity Shadow is a true way to keep them from running away from a beating up in the sky and so is Ghhhk & Those Rebels Wont Escape Us. Then theres the great combo known as Lateral Damage/Overwhelmed, the true way to kill the Super Falcon. Battle Plan is in there to slow up some quick drainage by a light ground deck. 
Its a cool deck, and lots of fun to play. It hasnt suffered a lose yet. Now i know this aint the greatest deck in the world, and all but its just something out there for fun. '