---
layout: post
author: ! Bjorn "nexus" Sorgjerd
title: ! "Endor Operations"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-03
description: ! "This deck aims at quickly setting up a large force generation by using IAO & Mob Points. Flip quickly and do no-cancel drains on Endor. Heavy on blue and gray cards, to the exclusion of reds."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Deck Detail
Cards 60
    number card
LOCATIONS (9)
	 1 Carida
	 1 Death Star II Docking Bay
	 1 Endor
	 1 Endor Back Door
	 1 Endor Bunker
	 1 Endor Dark Forest
	 1 Endor Forest Clearing
	 1 Endor Landing Platform (DB)
	 1 Executor Docking Bay
CHARACTERS (18)
	 1 Admiral Ozzel
	 1 Admiral Piett
	 4 Biker Scout Trooper
	 1 Corporal Avarik
	 1 Corporal Misik
	 1 Emperor Palpatine
	 1 Lieutenant Cabbel
	 2 Lord Vader
	 1 Major Hewex
	 1 Mara Jade, The Emperor’s..
	 1 Navy Trooper Fenson
	 1 Officer Evax
	 1 Sergeant Barich
	 1 Sergeant Elsek
STARSHIPS (9)
	 1 Boba Fett In Slave I
	 1 Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
	 1 Chimaera
	 3 Death Squadron SD
	 1 Dengar In Punishing One
	 1 Executor
	 1 Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
VEHICLES (5)
	 5 Speeder Bike
WEAPONS (2)
	 1 Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
	 1 Vader’s Lightsaber
EFFECTS (11)
	 1 Battle Order
	 1 Early Warning Network
	 1 Establish Secret Base
	 1 Imperial Arrest Order
	 1 Mobilization Points
	 1 Ominous Rumors
	 1 Overseeing It Personally
	 1 Perimeter Patrol
	 1 Search And Destroy
	 1 Something Special Planned..
	 1 You Cannot Hide Forever
ADMIRAL’S ORDERS (1)
	 1 We’re In Attack Position Now
INTERRUPTS (4)
	 2 Overload
	 1 Prepared Defenses
	 1 Twi’lek Advisor
OBJECTIVE (1)
	 1 Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost

'

Strategy: '

Greetings

This is my first posted deck, so be nice oD

This deck looks very simple at first glance, but don’t be fooled - it can be devastatingly effective if played right. It is, however, best at its own game, and if you attemp to play on opponent’s terms you will lose. Being very specialized it usually either works well or fails miserably. It generally works best by surprise, many who have not faced it will feel very intimidated by your quick no-cancel drains and max 1 battle destiny, leading them to make stupid mistakes that turn the game in your favor.

Start Use Prepared Defenses to Get IAO & Mob. Points. Either get  Something Special Planned For Them (or perhaps You Cannot Hide Forever if you KNOW you’re playing against retrieval). The force generation potential of this combo is unbelivable.

Turn 1 You will generate a minimum of 5 Force, possible as many as 7. Use Mob. points to get Carida (or Executor if you get Carida in hand). Use IAO to get a docking bay. Then deploy a biker scout (preferably) to the docking bay. You can also use YCHF to get Perimiter Patrol and deploy on Bunker and Landing Platform. Draw whatever cards are left.

Turn 2 Your Force generation should now  be minimum of 10, possibly as much as 15 if you’re lucky or opponent gives you much Force. Deploy another docking bay with a   small character, and get Prepared defenses if you didn’t do it last turn. You should probably draw all cards, unless you have a hand and table situation that will enable a turn 3 flip if you save some force.

Turn 3&4 You should now have out docking bays and Perimiter patrol, giving you large amounts of force (commonly 20 by turn 3). Some games see the objectiv flipped during turn 3, but mostly you’ll have to wait until turn 4.

Turn 5+ Drain at Endor (where opponent cannot cancel your drains), while retaining control of Endor system.

Locations
Endor locations are needed for maximum force drain potential.
Two docking bays + landing platform are about right, any more will be wasted.
Carida deploys from Reserve Deck.

Characters
Well, you need biker scouts to flip and to drain. I have 8, which is enough - but only barely. Remember that the objective allows you to retrieve one biker each turn (flip side).
The admirals help out in space by redcuing deploy cosy (DSSD for only 5 Force with Executor and both admirals).
Evax and Cabbel are pilots with 6+ forfeit and nice ability.
Vader and Mara should either be kept back in reserve or quickly deployed with sabers to enhance drains.
Emperor is nice because he gives you extra force. (Emp. on landing platform on turn 1 is nice). He is also central if using overseeing it personally (often increasing drains by 3-4).

Starships
The Destroyers are all immune to attrition. With AO they are even more immune. The starfighters are there for their nice game text, and the fact that they deploy for free when using Early Warning Network.

Vehicles
Bikes for the bikers and mains. Nice destiny, deploys from deck.

Effects
There are 11 effects in the deck. This is certainly a lot, but 2 deploys with the objective, 3 with the Starting Interrupt (with another one quickly deployed with YCNHF). This leaves 5 in the deck - not overly many I think. I seem to get 2-4 of the every time I play, which is acceptable to me.
EARLY WARNING NETWORK You need to occupy Endor system. Early warning network will enable you to pull SDs or fighters from reserve deck.
PERIMITER PATROL Central to defending endor. prevents opponent from effectively battling on Endor. Best if used with Closed Door, but I find I can manage without.

Interrupts
Well, surprise This deck only has 4. The overloads are for use versus LS space, that can really cripple me with X-Wing cannons or Quads.
(Of the Dark Side it is I have found that talking about could-have-been interupts often makes opponent behave cautiously - they usually think you have at least some interrupts).

Admirals Orders
This one was added as an afterthought. It certainly enhances your deck, but I have found it most effective when used to "cancel" opponents AOs.

Objective
Flipp quickly, and keep draining. Your are also relatively safe from beatdown.

VARIANTS - Cards that almost made it..
Arathech Corporation
Closed Door
Tempest 1
Commander Igar
Blizzard 2
DV,DLOTS
Vader’s Lightsaber
U-3PO
More bikers and bikes
Interrupts like High Speed Tactics that boosts your bikers (you’ll need som SAC protection - OE is the best).

I’m not going to give detalied directions as to how you play it against different types of LS decks. As I said before, this is a deck that is best when doing its own thing. Don’t let this put you off, it is very quick and that counts a lot in my book. LS will often be hurting before they have a chance to get going - often forcing them to play on your terms.

HB
The deck I’ve had the most probelms with is HB - LS space can defeat my starfleet if they try a little. If you play vs. LS space you should garrison Endor strongly, do not let the LS control it (or the objective gets flipped back).

Spies
You should also be vary of LS spies - they can deploy directly to the docking bay possibly hurting your lone weenie badly. If you think this might happen, you might consider pulling them to Endor and living with the reduced force generation.

MWYHL
They are generally drained to death before they can get their gig going - Great Warrior is utterly useless vs. this deck.

Mains beatdown
Could hurt you. You don’t have that many heavy hitters on the ground. Careful use of Perimiter Patrol can limit their effectiveness.

Nexus
'