---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "choker" Sorrell
title: ! "The Jack in the Box AKA I Popped a 7 (QMC)"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-10
description: ! "A unique QMC deck that employs recycling of destiny 7’s to wreck the opponent.  EPPs becomes more than a menace with such high destiny to bring more bang to their weapons...literally."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting Jank...
QMC/IO
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Bespin
Cloud City Guest Quarters (Leia’s Domain)
Sq. Assignments
Keeping the Empire Out Forever
Menace fades

The Cast...
EPP Luke x2
EPP Obi x2
EPP Han
EPP Leia
Naked Threepio x2
Wedge, RSL
Pucumir Thryss
Dash Rendar
Ten Numb
Bren Quersey
Padme
Qui-Gon x2 (AKA Dark Jedi Killer)

The Toys...
Red Squadron 1
Outrider
Red 8 (read strat)
Blue Squadron 5
Artoo in Red 5 x7

The Stuff...
Traffic Control
CC Celebration

The Helpers...
Surprise Assualt
Alter x2
Sense x3
Path of Least Resistance x3
Power Pivot
It Could Be Worse
A Jedi’s Resilience x2
Nebruin Leids

The Order...
I’ll Take the Leader

The Set...
CC Platform 327
CC Carbo Chamber
CC West Gallery
CC North Corridor

The Fireworks...
Jinn’s Lightsaber
Intruder Missle x3
X-Wing Laser Cannon '

Strategy: '

I’ve been running a high-destiny 7 BHBM deck for awhile with much success thanks to the help of the Ganley, and I now tried to apply the same concept for the LS.  I found that a lot of decks now, especially the Mains and Toys LS decks, are packing so much brute power that they often nullify their weapons.  This deck solves that problem by using Traffic Control and Threepio to re-insert 7s or 0s (because of the dual destiny number for Artoo in Red 5) into the deck to maximize weapons both on the ground and in the air

I’ll keep the strat short and sweet.  Go for a solid flip using sq. assignments to preferably get a ship to bespin with a weapon and a couple or characters on the ground to control a couple sites.  You should not have to consolidate on the ground due to the Path of Least Resistances, which really make a counter-attack by your opponent optimal, considering you can bring one of your lone characters into a battle that the opponent was sure to win.

Simple game mechanics...control/occupy bespin to set up celebration by shooting anything out of the sky with the intruder missles and X-Wing Laser Cannon.  This isn’t too difficult considering the amazing destiny in the deck after using either threepio or traffic control.  On the ground, spread your EPPs out on the ground to retrieve with celebration while hopefully force draining for insane amounts with Pucumir.  The Paths will allow you to spread out without much worry of a beatdown, considering you can either move away from a battle (or into the battle for that matter).  The SMALL SAC element will not allow you to take DS SAC decks head-on, but it certainly will allow you to control DS decks without SAC protection.

If play-tested this a lot in the past few days, and it’s simply amazing.  The DS can’t keep anything on the table when I hit the Emperor with Han or Leia’s Blaster.  If you can track, you can kill virtually anything  The best part is the 7/0 combo destiny of Artoo, which allows a low destiny for SAC draws and Nebruin and a high destiny for the weapon draws and battle destiny.

Red 8 adds to my X-Wing Laser Cannon draws and Numb is just a machine even without 7s to back his missiles.  This deck doesn’t try to accomplish anything but keep Bespin occupied to maintain celebration, and with the weapons and Wedge’s ability to cancel destiny that should not be a problem.  The DB (although not interior) is necessary to move starships to CC in cases of emergencies and to get an early flip.

The combos just naturally set up as you tunnel using the effect and cycle using threepio.  The Counter Assualt is huge against swarm decks of anykind (mostly ISB since aliens are seeing hard times with the tatooine effects).

Send me any suggestions...I would like to find room for a We’re Doomed and some more senses.  Have fun. Play...and most of all Enjoy

Michael "Spider Monkey" Sorrell '