---
author: Kelly "dr_divot" Krieble
title: BEHOLD...The Power of CHEESE!
side: Dark
date: 2001-10-28
description: Vader-less, drain-less, battle-less Hunt Down with 4 different kinds of cheese!
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting Cards:

Boonta Eve Podrace
Executor: Holotheatre
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi
Sebulba’s Podracer
Start Your Engines
Tatoome: Podrace Arena
Visage of The Emperor
Wattos Box (always, even against a dedicated race deck)

Characters (13):

3x Emperor Palpatine
5x Tech Mohr
5x Imperial Trooper Guard Dainsom

Effects (6):

4x 3,720 To 1
1x No Escape
1x Drop!

Interrupts (22):

3x Counter Assault
1x Hit Racer
4x Podracer Collision
3x Put All Sections On Alert
2x Twilek Advisor
2x Force Lightning
1x Imperial Barrier
1x Projective Telepathy
5x Trooper Sabacc

Weapons (10):

1x Double Laser Cannon
9x Intruder Missile


Strategy: 

Strategy:

Get the Emperor, Tech, and Dainsom to the Holotheatre as fast as you can, then insert 3720 to 1 and watch the fun begin.  Play Trooper Sabacc to get your opponent to cycle their cards to get the inserts to pop.  Visage damage should eat away at him as well.  Win the podrace, inflicting even more damage and getting more insert poppage. 

Card choices:

10 weapons of destiny 7.  Isn’t that a little nuts?  Well, they will:   1.  help you win the podrace faster.  2.  Help with Counter Assaults.  3.  Help with the Sabaccing (since they can be used as wild cards! - read the Trooper Sabacc card) 4.  Frag ANYONE with Force Lightning if they come to the Holotheater to beat on you - but do it on the first spy they put down in front of you so they can’t deploy anyone else there.

Characters:  well, they are in there for their destiny, plain and simple (plus Dainsom and Palpy’s extra features)  Palpy can be used as a wild card for sabacc, since he is a leader.

Put All sections:  can be used on the Executor as well as the Death Star (read the card).  As an extreme example, this happened in a game the other day.  I had Dainsom and Tech at the Holotheater, my opponent dropped Corran and LSJK with saber.  I barriered Luke, played PASOA on Corran, so he couldn’t get a destiny.  I won the battle 3 to 2.  Lose a card please!  Of course, I got smashed later on, but what the hell.

Conuter Assault:  The average destiny in this deck is 5!  Any more questions?  Plus with Drop, you can drop a bunch of 7s and track them around.  That will make those Ewoks think twice about draining!

Trooper Sabacc:  There is a bunch of 7s and 4s and 6s and 5s, so perfect sabacc is a highly likely occurrence.  Two cards please.  Also helps with popping the inserts.

Well, that is about it.  4 different kinds of cheese to make your opponent scream (podracing, numbers, sabacc, counter assault).  5 if you count Visage.  A deck that is 2-1 and has not drained for one single force! And yes, I know that Your Insight Serves You Well kills this deck, and yes I have been Grimtaashed and still won.

As far as deck matchups, I will let the reader decide.  Bring it on! 

Comments to reviewers:

0.  Thanks for taking the time to review my deck.

1.  As far as being a non-interactive deck...IT IS!  Except for the podracing and sabacc, you basically hunker down and ingore the opponent.  I have not been playing SW very long, and am still playing around with different deck types.  I usually go to a toruney with different decks each time (probably why my rating is not too special).  I had not made a DS numbers deck until this one, and just decided to try it out....for fun and variety.  Thats my philosophy on SW decks and tourneys.  I like trying different things, and this just happened to be one of the non-interactive kinds.  Havent you ever made a decktype just to try it out???  If you havent, then you are missing some of the great variety in this game.

2.  As far as defensive shields are concerned, I make absolutely no claims that this is a good deck and will hold up after R3 comes out.  Its a deck I will probably not try again.

3.  To the reviewer who said that too many 7s and 5s in the deck will kill my sabacc hands...Have you read the text on Trooper Sabacc?  All of the 7s in the deck (with the exception of Visage) are WILD CARDS!  Even a few 6s are wild cards (Palpys).

4.  As for Visage damage...I dont care if I am taking any damage, as opponent will be taking damage too (once I get No Escape out).  When numbers comes up, the damage from Visage means that my opponent is closer to having no cards left than I am.  This is one reason I decided to make this deck with this objective...fast damage, and yet one more way for my opponent to lose cards.  That IS the objective to this game anyway....making the opponent lose cards faster than you do.

5.  To the reviewer who asked if I have actually played this deck...I have.  See my tournament report Livingston, NJ 10/27/01.  The deck won two out of three games!  I have no doubts that it would get smacked by a lot of high level players.  The surprise factor had a lot to do with the decks success that particular day, too. 

6.  Oh, and before anybody rants about the low force generation/activation.  How many characters do I deploy?  How much do they deploy for?  What else do I need force for?  So how much force do I really need? 