---
layout: post
author: ! Jacob "Armaedes" Taylor
title: ! 'She May Not Look Like Much . . . .'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-27
description: ! 'Local Uprising that flips.  Looks like a pile, but it works.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7)

Local Uprising/Liberation
Kirdo III
Farm
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Aim High
Superficial Damage
Uh-oh

Locations (5)

Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Spaceport Docking Bay
Jungle
Forest
Desert

Characters (23)

Incom Engineer
Leslomy Tacema
Momaw Nadon
Ithorian x2
Kirdo III Operative x8
Bron Burs
Arleil Schous
BoShek
Tessek
Wookiee
Debnoli
Droopy McCool
Ralltiir Freighter Captain
8D8
Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout

Starships (3)

Red 8
Red 9
Red Squadron 4

Effects (5)

Bo Shuda
Sandwhirl
S-foils
Bacta Tank
Bargaining Table

Interrupts (8)

Nar Shadda Wind Chimes & Out Of Somewhere x3
Shocking Information & Grimtaash
Stay Sharp
Slight Weapons Malfunction x2
Rapid Fire

Weapons (8)

X-wing Laser Cannon x4
Bowcaster
Blaster Rifle x3

Devices (1)

Portable Scanner
'

Strategy: '

I know this deck looks like a pile of crap, but for some reason it works well.  

The hardest part of this deck is getting the audience chamber out, and then putting Tessek and Momaw Nadon there.  Once that happens, your operatives deploy free and drain for 3, your ithorians are power 3 and forfeit for 4, and when you flip your objective it gets even better.  Operatives, when at the same site as an imperial, are power 4 (cause Droopy McCool’s going to be at your desert with a sandwhirl, all three of which you can pull using Kirdo III’s gametext), forfeit for 6, add a battle destiny, and can force drain +3.  What this means is that when you deploy Arleil Schous, and use his gametext to pull an operative from your reserve deck, you will have power 5, forfeit 11, and will draw two battle destiny.  Because you’re using operatives, you usually draw 3s for destiny.

The weapons were more of an afterthought.  The dark players in my region retrieve lots, so I wanted to put in Aim High to cut down on that.  But I hate only using part of an effect, so I added in weapons to maybe get some power plusses.  This is why I have Debnoli and Bron Burs in there - with weapons they are pretty good.  Using superficial damage, you can usually forfeit a weapon to your used pile and an operative to your bacta tank for a total forfeit of 9, and then next turn take the operative off the bacta tank and back onto the playing field, retrieving one force in the process.  There’s no signals in here because you’re already going to have to draw up a lot to get the audience chamber, I always get bacta tank in there somewhere.  Just make sure you deploy all your operatives every turn - monnok is not cool when you have a handful of them.


The starships, along with the incom engineer, are in there just for when your opponent tries to drain you with a lone TIE fighter or something.  This is obviously not a space deck, so don’t play it like that.  The incom engineer with 8D8 gives you some immunity and destiny plusses, but usually I put a starfighter at Kirdo III to pull the sandwhirl, and then land the fighter at the docking bay.  I know my choice of fighters is unusual, but they all add to X-wing laser cannons, so that’s why I picked those.  Sandwhirl is huge, I once took out Mara Jade and Ponda Baba at the same site with it.  Once you have the sandwhirl with Droopy at the desert, it’s basically a free drain of one for the whole game, since the sandwhirl won’t move from the desert.

You won’t be activating a lot of force, but it doesn’t matter much, because with the exception of Luke, it all deploys for 4 or less.  Luke is in there ONLY for Bring Him Before Me, which is why I use the Rebel Scout persona.  If you aren’t going against Bring Him Before Me, don’t deploy Luke - it’s just someone else for Vader to duel, or for the dark side to come smack up on.  He’s only in there because the light side is punished for not having him in their deck.

Basically, I just wanted to use the Local Uprising/Liberation objective and Aim High, and this deck came out of it.  It works pretty well.  Please rate it for what it is - it’s not going to win you worlds, but it wins its share of games and is pretty fun to play. '