---
layout: post
author: Ryan "TheMan Ryan" Obman
title: 'Visge of Hell R3 style'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-11-12
description: 'A deck that destoys the new lightside objective and everything else.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective
Hunt Down and Kill all Jedi

Chatacters 15
Vader DLOTS x2
Lord Vader x2
Darth Maul tat. x2
Maul, Young Apprentice
Dr.e & Ponda Boba
Emperor Palpy
Grand Moff Tarkin
4-Lom with gun
Mara Jade TEH
Janus Greejatus
Boba Fett, The Man (bounty hunter)
Grand Admiral Thrawn

Ships & Vehicles x4
Chmera
Zuckuss in ship
Mauls Ship
Blizzard 4

Weapons x5
Mauls Double Bladed Stick x2
Vaders Stick x2
Mara’s Stick

Red Cards x29
Fear is my Ally (starting)
Crush The Rebellion (Starting)
IAO & Secret Plans (starting)
YCHF & Mob Points (starting)
The Phantom Menace x2
Visage x3 (starting 1)
Imperial Command x2
No Escape
Masterful Move x2
Force Field x2
Force Lightening
I Have You Now x3
Maul Strikes x2
Sebulba’s Pod
Sniper & Dark Strike
Prepared Defenses (starting)
Blast Door Controls
Operational As Planned x2
First Strike

Locations x6
Carida
2 executor starting sites
Executor DB
Death Star DB
Imerial Holotable


Strategy: 

Take out a force feild and Force Lightinn for GHHK & TRWEU and another Boba Fett Bounty Hunter

Card Choices
Operational As Planned: I can set up great tracking with this card. Use it to put a Visage on your force pile, then use Masterful Move. You have a 567 tracked all at once.
Force Field: I need to protect my Dark Jedi at least one battle, so this is very useful.

Strategy:
The first thing you may notice about this deck is that the destiny seems a little low. There is actully quite a bit of 5, 6 and 7’s, you just need to get them set up and get most of your 1s out of your deck. Every time I have played this version against the new objective, it has caused major overflow to a jedi. I had 15 overflow to Qui Gon and over 25 to Luke. This deck has never lost to a ship deck either. All you need to do is beat down a few ships, chace the rest around and use Imperial Command to add or subtract destiny. With some set up destiny, you could do some serious damage to any ship.
Early Game:
Depending on what deck type you are playing, this will defer. Against any deck, get out your locations and make sure that before you activate, grab Carida with Mob Points (before they bring out DDTA) Against most ground decks and espesially the new objective, hold up on deploying Vader and save him for a beat down. Set up you destiny and once you have enough force (which you should with all of he activation)for a beat down, do it. Use Blast Door Controls to stop Rebel Barrier. I have you now and Maul Strikes help alot. And the new Boba Fett is almost a must in these beat downs. You should cause enough damage to basically say you have one. Against ships, get Vader down fast and maybe even maul to get lots of drains. Get out your ships and stop there drains. Even with only 3 ships, this deck has never lost to any ship deck. 
Late Game:
During the late game,just finish off there characters or ships and drian. Keep Visage going the last turns, and drain him out. 

Match Ups:
We’ll Handel This/ Dual of the Fates
Even though this is my rebel deck, it is one of the most annoying. So I decided that the best way to take care of this was cause a lot of damage at once and kill all the jedi. I thought about dualing myself, but it is too risky, and this is much more solid. Just save up a beat down, and if you notice he uses Dodge, get your GHHK combo out. Also get out blast door controls. If u cant, proceded with the beat down anyway. You should always get a Maul, his stick, vader, and his stick within 4 turns. Deploy as many characters as you can against his jedi, and battle. Use maul strikes, I Have you now if luke there. If you also have Boba there, u might end up drawing 6-7 destiny. This will overwhelm your opponent and the rest of the game should be easy. Keep away form the Generator with Vader because they could use You Find Im Full Of Surprises. If they play it right, Luke would be power 12. That would s.uck increadibly. After you have annihalated there jedi, Drain and win.

WYS:
This deck is a tough matchup if they play correctly. Try to get hold of Kessel early. If you are unable to, get to the cantina and try to lay a beatdown on a lone charater. If it works, they have lost. If not, continue to drain and grab either C&TV or anyother annoying interupt with your Defensive Shield. If you cant hold Kessel, hold Tatooine. Maul shouldn’t be needed on the ground, so get Tat. Maul into his ship for more ship power. Just play smart and you will win.

Hidden Mains and other ground decks.
This should be the easiest matchup. Just make sure you dont have a character caught alone,or things might get messy. Take out his characters one by one and set up a drain at Carida. Once they get someone down, beat him up. Use the same tactics for any character deck. Kill of his characters one by one and you should grab Reseliance. Use destiny adders for major damage and always move a lone character back aboard the excutor (if possible). At the end, drain him out and win.

Ebo or any other ships:
Like I said, this should be easy. Drain on the ground, and use maul in space only if necessary. (remember, he is a drain of 2 on the ground.) Just control the systems that they will drain for the most. If they are starting to run, you have them where you want them. Move to where they are, then when they move, drain. Really all you can do on the ground is drain, and keep visage going. Play smart and win

Any other decks shouldn’t be much of a problem. Control the bunker against RST. That will be REALLY easy with maul. Cheese is dead (THANK GOD)
and nothing else should present a problem.

I want to get this deck to #1 or at least the top 10, so if you have a question, just D-Mail me and I’ll give you an answer.

Thanks for looking
Ryan Obman 