---
layout: post
author: ! Tom "Gand" Culpepper
title: ! "Sometimes I amaze even myself"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-01
description: ! "and they said it can’t be done... for comments on my sanity, see HEBO."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Start(10)
RTP/Sometimes I Amaze Even Myself
D Detention Block Corridor
D Docking Bay
Y4 War Room
Y4 DB
Prisoner 2187
Staging Areas
Insurrection
Battle Plan
Heading for the Medical Frigate

Locations (3)
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Rondezvous Point
Spaceport DB

Characters(18)
8D8 x3
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Luke w/ Lightsaber
Obi-Wan w/saber x2
Lando w/Vibro Axe x2
Han w/Heavy Blaster x2
Princess Organa
Harc Serf x2
Commander Wedge Antillies
Lt. Blount
Chewbacca w/ Blaster
Oorimarrko

Vehicles/Starships(5)
Lift Tube x2
Millenium Falcon
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1

Weapons(2)
Luke’s Saber
Anakin’s Saber

Interupts(13)
The Signal x3
Tunnel Vision x2
Lift Tube Escape x3
Rebel Barrier
Tunnel Vision x2
Transmition Terminated
Glancing Blow

Effects(9)
Death Star Plans x3
Bacta Tank
Echo Base Garrison
Traffic Control
What Are They Trying to Push On Us
Order To Engage
Reflection '

Strategy: '

*editor’s note, out Anakin’s Saber... add Rogue 3*
**see comments on reviews at the bottom**

strategy?????

  RESCUE THE DAMN PRINCESS.

  Use Lift Tube/Lift Tube Escape to deploy a tube to the DB at Death* Either Signal for Echo Base Garrison or if you drew 8D8, deploy him and move him to the Death* DB.  BOARD THE LIFT TUBE.	You can’t be snipered or battled aboard it.  Move the tube to the detention block.

  Use 8D8’s text to atempt to free Leia during control phase, if you get it(avg destiny of the deck is above 3) then deploy an escort force and board the tube, move the tube, transit to Yavin 4 DB.  If not, draw some and save some to get your setup.  Move to war room your next turn and flip.

  Use EBG to pull Wedge and Bacta Tank to keep Leia alive and backed up.  Use your strike forces to kill off uniques and put them out of play.	That’ll teach ’em.

Some cards explained

Echo Base Garrison Pull 8D8, Bacta Tank, Comm. Wedge.	This card is better for RTP than it is for EBO

8D8  Destiny 5, the man(or droid) for freeing Leia and making Death Star Plans runs.

Lift Tube Escape  Used 5, pulls lift tubes, puts unoccupied lift tubes in used pile.  Great for tracking a 5 and 6 together for weapon destiny/battle destiny/death star plans(draws 3 destiny to retrieve)

Epps Weapons to attack uniques, add destinies every now and then... killing off more uniques

Harc  read his text.  Harc is awesome.  Together with Lando w/Vibro Axe, these are a force on Tatooine.

Order To Engage  Flipped RTP?	Are they a little afraid to fight?  Deploy in front of them and let them decide what the hell to do now.  Lose three to order or lose characters for good.

Spaceport DB  Deploys to Tat, or another planet where they are unlikely to put a DB.  Most other decks will use docking bays in some way, just pay the transit fee if you have to.

Blount Anti ISB, great fodder with Insurrection.



Matchups

MKOS  Mostly a ground deck, no real protection from this.  Based on several unique characters.  Battle Plan will slow early drains untill you can put a strike team into the pallace or transit them over to the spaceport DB.  Kill the Myo for abyssins while excluding Jabba or Boleo, kill off uniques with the weapons, and the +2 to attrition.	Wash, rinse, repeat.  Without Jabba,  or Bib(or Myo for Abyssins) MKOS is doomed.

HDADTJ  Kill Vader while flipped.  The destiny is high enough to shoot him with Han(especially when tracked via lift tube escape/lift tube).  ABSOLUTELY dependant on unique characters.  Once a few of them are gone, do a couple Death* Plans runs to bump up differential

BHBM  Give up Jedi Luke, go after other uniques, making sure you win battles.	As you move toward the throne room, keep your strike team together and plow through defenses.

SYCFA	Battle Plan will slow them down if it is TIEs, and it may be a bit harder to free Leia.  If it looks like a flip deck, move as quickly as possible and then ship out to another palnet.  If they are playing star destroyers, use your ships to take them down for good while using Reflection and Death Star Plans to retrieve them.

*remember
  1) 8D8 can attempt to free a captive at ANY time during your phase, so do it before deploy, then you will have presence to deploy an escort.
  2) Echo Base Garrison can pull 8D8, Comm Wedge and Bacta Tank.  Use all three.
  3) Harc + Lando on Tatooine is a Major force to be dealt with.
  4) Harc rules
  5) target Uniques when flipped, and don’t forget the +2 to attrition.

I hope this expalins my goals pretty well.  That covers the most popular meta around here, so if you have specific matchup questions dmail me and ask before posting a ”this deck sucks” review



**Responses to reviews

The Ronto idea is a good one, but I don’t want to leave them any ability to battle my creature vehicle, so I am using Rogue 3 instead.  Works well with Comm. Wedge and all, immune to attrition <6 with the EBG on table.  I dropped anakin’s saber to add that.

Add another Prisoner 2187 in place of Princess Organa, deploy 0 is too good to pass on, and it frees up some force to deploy other people with them.

Also, I took out one Tunnel Vision for Courage of a Skywalker...  provide a little more duel protection in case the others don’t kill vader while I am flipped.

Added another site for activation, took out the Falcon.  I am using the Home One DB so that I can sneak away aboard my ship if nessicary.

I haven’t seen a trooper deck(or one that can draw a destiny less than 0 in quite a while, so full scale alert is not a concern.

thanks for the reviews '