---
layout: post
author: Peter "martian" Hall
title: 'Watch Your Head'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-31
description: 'Forecast calls for an eighty percent chance of Fallen Portals.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Start (8):
Watch Your Step/Flip Side
Tatooine 
Tatooine: Cantina 
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94 
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Insurrection
Staging Areas
Insight (usually)

Locations (4):
Endor: Back Door 
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay) 
Home One: Docking Bay 
Spaceport Docking Bay 

Guys (12):
Dash Rendar 
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight  x3
Mirax Terrik 
Ralltiir Freighter Captain  x5
Talon Karrde 
Wedge Antilles 

Vehicles (5):
Speeder Bike  x5

Ships (5):
Artoo-Detoo In Red 5 
Outrider 
Pulsar Skate 
Red Squadron 1 
YT-1300 Transport 

Interrupts (13):
Effective Repairs 
Fallen Portal  x3
Get Alongside That One  x2 
Insertion Planning  x2
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes & OOS 
Rapid Fire 
Run Luke, Run!  x2
The Signal 

Effects (8):
Aim High 
Battle Plan 
Goo Nee Tay 
Menace Fades 
Never Tell Me The Odds  x2
Order To Engage 
Squadron Assignments 


Weapons (3):
Luke’s Lightsaber 
Power Harpoon ;)
X-wing Laser Cannon 

Ad Orders (2):
I’ll Take The Leader x2


Strategy: 

-update-
Drop one of the Bikes for another RFC. That brings the smuggler total to ten, and the Wind Chimes can pull the RFC’s, so a first turn flip is quite possible. Responses to reviews at bottom.
-endupdate-


This deck is untested, and is likely to remain that way as long as it is up to me, since I don’t own or intend to buy three Jedi Lukes. Hope you have fun with it...

Destiny is key here. Let’s take a look at the breakdown (minus starting stuff and Docking Bays).

0: 1
1: 1
2: 2
3: 13
4: 16
5: 6
6: 9
7: 1

Giving us an average of 4.0. Makes the Fallen Portals cool, yada yada, you get the idea.

On to card explanations:

-Freighter Cap’ns: Destiny 3, smugglers, scouts. Nice.
-Artoo in Red 5: Destiny 7, plop a Cap’n in it and it is power 7 maneuver 7. Lucky. 
-YT-1300: Forfeits for 5 (to the DB) when the Ad Order is out.
-Effective Repairs: Play it twice. 
-Rapid Fire: Bring out a surprise X-Wing Cannon (or Power Harpoon).
-Run, Luke Run!: Moving Luke as a react is nice. Cancel VO if you have too (might not want to with the destiny in this deck).
-Goo Nee Tay: Very nice with the flip side of the objectibe
-Odds: Fits nicely. If YCH4E doesn’t come out at the start, you can cause 10+ damage right off the bat. Or, it might hit for a lesser amount in the late game if your opponent ditches YCH4E
-Power Harpoon: With a RFC on a bike, you only need a three to bring down a Walker - fairly likely with this deck. 
-I’ll Take the Leader: Duh. +1 FD, immunity for ships, its cool.

Matchup (theoretical):

Huntdown - Prolly want to leave Luke at a DB where he is protected by Fallen Portal. Shouldn’t have too much trouble in space unless it is a rogue HD deck. An early flip will slow it down. 

TIEs - Choose battles carefully in space, and drain on the ground. Ditch Insight for Aim High or Battle Plan. Inserts may help. Might want to add I Hope She’s All Right, now that I think about it. It even adds another one to the RFC’s already high forfiet.  

Scum - The Fallen Portals will wreck swarms and hunters alike. Let ’em have the Chamber and drain at the DBs and Tat:JP. Menace Fades keeps Gailid in check. 

BHBM - This will kinda suck since you don’t get Luke. Oh well, flip early, Signal for GNT if you can, and don’t give any force away. Drop Luke by himself to drain - make them take the drain or pick up Luke and start losing cards from the flip side. Keep Insight around so you can smash Vader.  

Big Blue Space - Again, choose space battles carfully and drain on ground. Battle Plan/Menace Fades should help. Imp Commands don’t really hurt much. If it is based on Endor Ops, you can always drop the Back Door, and visit Ephant Mon. 

Everything Else - You guys are smart. Adapt.

Cards I’d like to add:
Another RFC
I Hope She’s All Right 
Bacta Tank
Weapon Lev
Yarna

If you’ve read this far, you may as well go ahead and review the deck. Unless you’re in a bad mood or don’t like weird decks.

-Response to Reviews- 
No Han/Chewie/Lando - I don’t like the one destiny. It messes up NTMTO (which should cost your opponent a few cards most of the time or better unless he’s seen your deck). I also don’t want to risk drawing them for destiny. With the current setup, you have roughly a 65% chance of smashing Vader (except Lord Vader w/ Saber) with a Fallen portal; that’s huge. 

Weak Characters - All WYS decks rey on relatively weak characters. The Cap’ns aren’t any worse than Palace Raiders. They’ve got immunity to attrition <4 on the bikes, you can subtract 3 from opponent’s destiny with Insertion Planning, and they add a destiny on the bike w/ Get Alongside that one. 

Lack of ships - The smugglers have huge forfeit, and you can lose the ships to the DB. TIE swarm is hurt by the Ad Order, and Big Blue decks will be hurt by the high destinies, immunity to attrition and force choke. Probably the card that would help most against heavy space decks is the Bacta Tank rather than more ships. Even then, I admit it won’t take over the system vs. good pure space decks. I don’t think there’s anyway to do that with 10-12 slots.

