---
layout: post
author: Bill "TacoBill" Kafer
title: 'Oh hell no'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-08
description: 'Everything that is wrong with the game today'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting:
Start Your Engines!
Tatooine: Podrace Arena
Sebulba’s Podracer
Boonta Eve Podrace
Watto’s Box
Insignificant Rebellion
Your Destiny
Death Star 2: Throne Room
Bring Him Beofre Me/Take Your Father’s Place

Characters:
Darth Vader
Darth Vader with Lightsaber x2
Emperor Palpatine
Tech Mo’r x2

Starships:
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
Dengar in Punishing One
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser x2
TIE Interceptor x7

Weapons:
SFS L-s9.3 Laser Cannons x3

Effects:
3,720 to 1 x3
First Strike
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
Secret Plans
Sienar Fleet Systems x2

Interrupts:
All Power To Weapons x3
Force Lightning
Hit Racer x2
Masterful Move x2
Ommni Box & It’s Worse
Podracer Collision x3
Short Range Fighters
Twi’lek Advisor x3

Locations:
Cloud City: East Platform (Docking Bay)
Death Star 2: Docking Bay
Endor
Sullust
Wakeelmui 

Strategy: 

Changes- Switch Darth Vader for Lord Vader, switch IAO and Secret Plans to the combo card and Security Precations, switch 1 Masterful Move to the new combo.

The deck almost plays itself. Your first objective
is to win the race. This is done with the help of
Sebulba (who always wins), 2x Hit Racer, and 3x
Podracer Collision. This deck has never lost a race,
especially because 33 of the cards are destiny 3 or
higher (after starting the game). You win the race in 
4-5 turns usually, and retrieve your lost pile. The next
thing to do, is to set up nubmers. Palpy and Tech Mo’r 
go to the throne room, while Vader (EPP usually) goes
and kills all your opponents high-destiny characters.
Insight is no problem, because the deck can win without
using numbers. The TIEs are huge especially against EBO,
Hidden Base, and Watch Your Step. Against any non-space 
deck (Harvest Mains, RST) and Quiet Mining Colony, you
own space. Plus, in those decks especially, most of the 
characters you see are mains. Tht means low destiny for 
the race, and a low total for numbers. Also, this is not
a flipping deck, BHBM is just a platofrm. This is why there
are EPP Vaders and not Lord Vader and DVDLOTS.

Match-ups:

Watch Your Step: You own space. All Power to Weapons, 4 
Interceptors, cannon = win for you. Most of these start
Insight, so EPP Vader does suicide runs in key spots, and
Emperor and Tech Mo’r give you a recycleable 5 in Force
Lightning.
Rebel Strike Team (non racing): Rebel Strike Team has very
little space, so you can take that pretty easily. A well 
timed EPP Vader beatdown in the Bunker is key, especially 
if they’re about to blow up the Bunker. Numbers will work
here because General Solo, Crix, and Blount gives them a
total of 4 to your 12. Lose 8 please.
Any racing deck: This is your toughest match-up. They will
give you a run for your money, but most likely you will come
out on top. Depending on the objective they use, you may need
to ditch Watto’s Box for Imperial Arrest Order. If it is WYS
racing, then you must do this. Your interrupts are very 
valuable yo you during the race, as well as Sebulba’s cheating
ability. After teh race make sure you play smart, especilly if
you lost it (which shouldn’t happen).
Quiet Mining Colony: This is a decent mtch-up. Alot of these
decks start Insight as well, but alot of people will ditch it
for Battle Plan, Menace Fades, or Honor of the Jedi. This is 
when you strike with odds. Also, in space, and early presence
at Bespin can be game-altering. If you can get Bossk and/or
Dengar there with some TIEs by 2nd turn, you should be good.

Thats about it, if you have any questions, please D-MAIL me 
BEFORE reviewing the deck so I can clear stuff up. Thanks.  