---
layout: post
author: Dunya "Hardpack" Ertan
title: 'b-wing is moving into fill the void'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-04
description: 'setup, wait, bait, destroy, move on'
rating: 2.5
---
Cards: 

start:5

hidden base/i dare u
rendo. point
Marker (u decide)
singal
Yarma (u decide also rebel fleet is good

ships: 19
b-wing attack squadron x2
b-wing x15
lando in miliuem
home one

characters: 4
lt blunt
luke
talon
dash
boush

admiral order: 1
no question asked

effect: 8
kessel run x2
wise advise
rebel fleet
s-foils
order ro engage
traffic control
revolution

interupts 12
hojics/out of nowhere x2
don’t get @#$%y
power pivot x2
it could be worse
collision x4
all wing report in
impreial barier

location: 8
kiffexs
endor
kessel
corusant
sullust
roche
aquaris
kirdo

weapons: 3
intruder missile x3




Strategy: 

Update:
remove dont get @#$%y and add alter just for influence

Update:

Anybody still thinks scum and villany will destroy this deck need an head adjustment. How many ships are out there for bounties? Yep U can count them. One makes you not to draw a battle destiny >6 other two adds battle bestiny also one takes out your attrition. How much can a good scum and villany drain for? maybe 8 with full spread. Let see 12 and cancel 4 places with hb/rebel fleet and booush.  Also I see a mess beat down coming keep the collision in your hand. As soon as they deploy two ships use it. And they dont learn use it again. Now they have to battle you with one ship. Power pivot makes them useless. There goes all the bounty and there only ships in the lost pile. I dont think any good hidden base should or would lose to scum and villany. 
Also people on there ships are my waste of time and deck space. Reason is i can have 2 ships for power of 8 and forfeit of 8 rather than one ship and its little pilot.  I do need to remove dont get @#$%y. I wasn’t paying attention to it. Another other b-wing type (blue wing or fighers) i can’t retieve with All wings report in. Hojixs/out of nowhere combo is only for hojixs. Almost forgot as u can see the intruder missiles are destiny 7. Dont fire them and deploy to kessel,corusant and keep one in hand. The missiles are there to use for pivot. It says u need a weapon in a starfighter. I dont have any b-wing weapons. I guess i trade them away.


ok

Idea of this deck is to control the space any way possible. One massive beat down or fast drains. Activation isn’t great but it does to its job right. destiny draws are awesome.

When begining of the game put the right effect out which is extremely important. first turn pull endor and put down any planet u have. dont deploy anything. reason is make them think u are playing hidden mains. Second turn pull aquarios or kirdo. Deploy them and some b-wings and move them to endor for free. U might have force left unless u are playing force choke deck. draw them. Keep deploying planets in till u get kiffex, corusant and kessel out and flip during u turn. Leave one b-wing in each system and make sure u have force for collions and hojics. start draining. simple is that. kessel runs on b-wings are fun but try no to lose falcon. Lt blunt is in for one reason ISB, if no isb lose it and no bring him or hunt down lose luke. He is useless then. 
Also revolution is for sullust after a flip. total drain is 12. That is 1/5 of a deck. No one can with stand it.

here is the match 

scum and villany:
too easy. set up fast and drain. its a drain race right from the beinging. u cancel 4 drain places. HD, rebel base, and booush hurts them massive. But dont spread your b-wings, keep them in multiples to make sure order to engage works. power pivot kills them. If they dont have security precautions ”todays menu is hunter soup.”
Yes u will lose to force to search and destory and death mark but u will out drain them and out retieve them every case.

BHBM/hunt down:
I know i should put tranmission terminated but dont need to. Give them luke early and dont lose any battles at all. Simple is at. They do have few ships and they are big and mean. But collision takes the fire out of them. It targets any starship. So let them deploy the big ships with people. They will be lost and pover pivot puts them in ther place power 0.

ISB:
this was the hardest deck few months ago. But Lt blunt on home one with luke. They aint going anywhere. ISB will die. Drain the hell of them. Even if they have lots of space. Collision and power pivot kills them. Just for good measure out of nowhere. But dont lose lt blunt no matter what. U will lose and lose bad. 

Raltir/operatives:
This is diffuilt. Hopefully u can do mass kessel runs and drain them for 5 a turn. Drop luke and lt blunt for suicede attacks for few turns. Its matter of who can drain who. Dont worry about space. u will out power and out with them.

dark deal:
Here is the fun begins. U hope u can out last them. They will sabacc and try to scan for your base dont let them. Destoy them any way possible. Drain early, deploy a planet deploy a ship. Drain of one is better than zero. Plus they have no clue u only have 1 real character. So keep them guessing.

Tie, sycfa and endor space:
this is very diffulcult. One reason is they retrive and have good space. But dont let them set up. Destroy them in the battle. Choose ur battles wisely. get to wauel., and hold it. All ties are deploy plus one for occopy and control is 2. This is not x-wing swarm, and b-wings aren’t immune to attrition. This is my strag., make them deploy majorly. Everything they got. No they cant retieve no more. And then inflict mass damage. Dont forget only one tie goes to used pile. collision and power pivot and out of nowhere for draw of 2 sevens hurt them. Only one thing will hurt tallon rolls. Be very very vareful

Thank you
tell me how i can improve it and not like this sucks or this is @#$%.
