---
layout: post
author: ! Justin "MoffWicket" Alfs
title: ! "Moffwickets WYS"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-01
description: ! 'WYS that holds its own in space and wrecks the ground.  Retrieves a ton too.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Watch Your Step
Tatooine
TDB94
TCantina
Heading...
Squassin
Staging Areas
Insurrection

Locations
Lars’ Moisture Farm x2
DB

Characters
Owen & Beru x2
Han w/blaster x2
Chewie Protector x2
Lando w/blaster x2
Luke w/saber 
Jedi Luke
Wedge 
Melas
Talon Karrde
Theron Nutt
Dash Rendar
Mirax 
Palace Raider x2
Raltiir Freigher Capt x4

Weapons
Luke’s saber

Adm Orders
I’m on the Leader

Vehicles
Patrol Craft x2

Starships
Outrider
Red squad 1
Red 10

Effects
Insight
Ounee Ta
Aim High

Interrupts
Fallen Portal x3
Harvest x3
Insertion Planning x2
Control/Tunnel Vision x2
OOC/TT x2
Slight Weapons Malfunction
Blast the Door, Kid
On the Edge
Sorry About the Mess
Nar Shadda/Out of Somewhere


'

Strategy: '

Vs. RalOps start Ounee Ta instead of Staging Areas.  Take over their planet.  Game over.

Vs. Court start Aim High ahead of Squassin.  Being able to pull Zuckuss/Bossk in ships means they will hurt you in space, so wait a while and just pick up/tunnel vision to get ships and pilots.  Then beatdown when you’ve got enough ability.

Vs. everything else
Pull your docking bay.  Go for the first turn flip if you can.  Most of the time you’ll get cheap enough guys in your opening hand.  Put at least one at each docking bay, or if you’ve got Blast the Door, to the cantina.  Feel free to put Dash in ship out to the system, just remember to deploy them to the <>db (the ship is free there, and taking off is free).  Lose your interrupts to early force drains.  Back up your guys second turn and pick up for future beatdown characters and retrieval.  Don’t deploy the farm until you want to Harvest.  Harvest back characters, Harvests, OOCs, and Insertion Plannings.  You want the other interrupts in the lost pile.  Save the On the Edge until you lose something you can’t live without (both farms, both Owen/Berus, the Outrider) or until late game.  There are four 6s and several 5s to track.  Harvesting back 6s is a very easy way of ensuring a good On the Edge.  Blast the door, kid is a god card.  Most DS beatdowns come from high ability guys, so it usually ends the battle.  It always ends the battle when your only character(s) are ability >2.  If your opponent sees it in the lost pile, it can greatly change his strategy.  OOC/TT wrecks Hunt Down. '