---
layout: post
author: ! Stephen "Texan" Beckham
title: ! 'LAS VEGAS'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-17
description: ! 'For the explanation of why I choose this name read the stategy'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting  (7)
This Deal is Getting Worse All the Time/Pray I Don&#8217;t Alter it any Further 
Cloud City West Gallery
Secret Plans 
Prepared Defenses
Crush the Rebellion
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points 

Locations (8)
Bespin
Bespin Cloud City
Cloud City East Platform (Docking Bay)
Cloud City Casino
Cloud City Downtown Plaza
Cloud City Incinerator
Cloud City Dining Room
Executor Docking Bay

Characters (18)
Emperor Palpatine
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x3
Grand Moff Tarkin
Mara Jade, The Emperor&#8217;s Hand
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
Dr. Evazon
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle x2
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Prince Xixor
Guri 
Admiral Chiraneau
Mighty Jabba
Admiral Piett
Janus Greejatus
Sim Aloo

Starships (7)
Executor
Bossk in Hound&#8217;s Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Boba Fett in Slave I
Os-72-1 in Obsidian 1
Os-72-2 in Obsidian 2
Chimaera

Interrupts (10)
Sniper/Dark Strife x2
Twi’lek Advisor
Imperial Command x2
Imperial Barrier x2
Dark Manuevers/Tallon Roll 
Omni Box/It&#8217;s Worse
Ghhk/Those Rebel Won&#8217;t Espace Us

Effects (8)
Cloud City Occupation
First Strike
Oppressive Enforcement/There is no Try
Dark Deal x2
Search & Destroy
Resistance
Lateral Damage

Weapons (2)
Vader&#8217;s Lightsaber
Mara Jade&#8217;s Lightsaber
'

Strategy: '

Reasons why this is named after Vegas
1.  There is a hot chick walking around holding a stick.
2. There is an man who makes his @#$% stronger just being around
3. There is a big black dude walking around everyone is scared of carrying his cane
4. There is a Casino
5. There is an Emperor visiting the casino to see the palace another long time emperor

Basic idea is to set up dark deal.  You should be able to activate a lot of force with your docking bays and your abundance of cloud city sites.  Once your objective flips, your opponent will be forced to come after you on cloud city to slow the drain.  You do not have to flip the objective extra fast to win with this one.  Just drain the whole can and it will eventually become too much to overcome.  With a mid-game flip you are looking pretty good.  The power in here is great even though you destiny is not all that good.  I have it though, to where with evenly spaced and grouped people you will draw multiple destinies and keep your opponents destinies down to two.

Ideally I try to get the set up in groups like this
Emperor/Janus/Sim
Degar/4-Lom/Dr E
Xixor/Guri
Vader/Ig-88
Mara/Admiral
Those combinations lead to some great power and usually an extra destiny.  They fight better together then apart.

Card Explanations.
Cloud City Incinerator- Retrieves Guri, IG-88 and 4-Lom because they are all that damn cool.  4-Lom tends to be lost fast and I do not like that at all.
Cloud City Dining Room- read the card.  It is real sweet when the opponent does not know what it can do.  React and beat.
The Admirals- Great with both parts of Imperial Command.  Power will be good on ground and especially for controlling Bespin.
Dark Manuevers/Tallon Roll- Got this idea when I saw Brian Hunter&#8217;s Deck.  Helps me get rid of the ships that come after my fighters.
Everything else is pretty self explanatory

Matchups
VS WYS
Call me crazy, but besides the drain on the cantina, the ground portion of WYS does not drain too much.  I believe I can out drain these guys fairly easily.  Both of us will look at each other trying to decide who will go after who.  I would drop Guri, Xixor and Dengar down and wreck them.  They should do it by themselves.  As far as space goes, you will not have the upperhand against the superfalcon and dash.  Do what you have to. Get Admirals out for the extra cancellations or destinies.
VS EBO
This will be a drain race that you should win.  As long as you can stay massed at Bespin you should be sitting pretty.  Use your Commands for the destinies and stop them as much as possible.  Your massive early drains should be enough to keep you ahead of the game.
VS Tatooine Deck
Well, Profit and AITC will try to drain you.  If you want to keep Han, stick Mara and Dr. E there.  They will do a lot of damage.  Set up your Dark Deal and make sure they stay on Tatooine before you give up your drains.  Drain them a lot early and that really hurts a good Profit deck.  With AITC you can put Dr, E, Dengar and Vader down and rip apart most of the guys coming at you.  It is not even funny.
VS Training
Well they cannot Projection your drains so try and get your grabber early to get It Could Be Worse.  Once those are gone the Training Decks will be hurting against a good flipped Dark Deal deck.
VS Endor Deck
Pretty much the same as Tattoine decks.  Make sure they commit themselves to the planet then go after them with your &#8220;extra&#8221; characters.  It only take Dengar and Vader to get through most of the scrub scouts.
VS Mains decks
They will come to you and you should have your way with them.  Try to do a Omni box when they want to retrieve with Edges.  That rocks.  Just set up and keep them from occupying the four sites.  Your weapons and Dengar should do well enough.
VS Hidden Base Swarm
Stay at Bespin unless you know their system and you have the barriers in your hand.  Otherwise you will see a massive beat down on your guys.
'