---
layout: post
author: ! Reuben "Norite" Ternes
title: ! 'Just Another Black Sun Deck'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-09
description: ! 'Uses Podracing and Much Anger In Him to cause some massive damage.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Agents Of Black Sun


Starting  (7)

AOBS
Imperial City
Coruscant
Star Your Engines
Tatooine Podrace Arena 
Boonta Eve Podrace
Subulba&#8217;s Pod Racer


Locations (6)

Hoth War Room x 2
Death Star II War room
Throne Room
Wampa Cave
Space Port Docking Bay


Characters (18)

Snoova
4-lom w/gun
Guri
Palpy x 3
Xixor  x 2
Aurara Sing
P-59
P-60
Bane Malar
Fett w/ gun
Zuckus w/gun
I-G w/gun
Dengar w/gun
Dans Borenz
Jodo Kast


Star Ships (5)

Dengar in Punishing one
Zuckus in Mist Hunter
Bossk in Hound&#8217;s Tooth
Fett in Slave One
I-G in I-G 2000


Vehicles (2)

AT-AT x 2


Effects (11)

Opp reinforcement/there is not try
Bad Feeling Have I
Something Special Planned for them
Crush The Rebellion
Much Anger In Him x 2
Responsibility of Command x 2
Presence of the Force x 2


Interrupts (11)

Imbalance
Twillek Advisor
Control/set for stun x 2
Force Lightning x 2
Pod Racer Collision x 2
Hit Racer
Imperial Barrier
Omni box/its worse
'

Strategy: '

The Strat here is really basic, but it works. 

First off, with all your sites, you will be attempting to force choke your opponent.  RST, WYS, HB, and just about anything you will have a force advantage.  You might not choke some decks, like HB, but the early stages in the game you will have the upper hand, and sometimes that is all you need.  

I also made two mistakes when posting, you will need to add at least one more Twillek and take out crush the rebellion for no escape.  The presence of the Force and your dockin g bay are the only two ways to flip in this deck.  With an additional Twillek, you should have POTF or docking bay, or a twillek in your starting hand.  Odds are about 5/6 hands you will have one of those.  Also, if the spaceport docking bay doens’t deploy at coruscant, put in the coruscant docking bay. . . these things I just do not remember.  

Anyway, after you flip, get your palpy out, do some racing, and everything should be grand.  This deck does not force drain for a lot, but that is a good thing.  

Use your Anger/response combos to inflict some massive damage.  4 per turn is a lot, coupled with another 2 per turn from the objective, and whatever you might be force draining for.  It wont be much, but there is simply no way to stop it.  The pod race is another big swing, allowing you to retrieve force as well as dish out some damage.  You should be able to win that one.

Other than that, just try to stop their force drains by sheer battle power.  You have some at-ats to cause havoc with a lot of weapons and the ability of the objective to look through a lot of your cards.  

This deck is pretty solid, and does not really have a weakness against a certain type of deck, but it might not have the force differential that some people would like.  However, it does win.  The destiny is very good, making the podracing easier.  

Omni box/ it is worse  is your best friend.  shuffle their deck when they are tracking destiny or if they play it could be worse on the pod race, make them lose some force instead. '