---
layout: post
author: ! Phillip "Karrdeshark" Aasen
title: ! 'Who says RST aint good?'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-30
description: ! 'This deck rules the ground and whips the opponent with its UNCANCELABLE drains.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Ojective1
RST/GD

Locations7
Rendezvous Point
Endor (start)
Landing Platform
Chief Chirpa’s Hut
Rebel Landing Site (start)
Back Door
Hidden Forest Trail

Characters22
LS, JK
EPP Luke
Obi-Wan Kenobi
EPP Obi
DoS
EPP Leia
General Solo
General Crix Madine
General Calrissian
Tycho Celchu
WA, RSL
Nein Nunb
Figran D’an
Seargent Brooks Carlson
Corporal Kensaric
Lt. Page
Colonel Cracken
Lt. Blount
Orrimaarko
CoK
Wuta
Corporal Midge

Starships6
Gold Squadron 1
Green Squadron 3
Red Squadron 1
Tala 1
Tala 2
Spiral

Weapons1
Ani’s Stick

Admiral’s Order1
I’ll take the Leader

Effects13
YIWYW (start)
Close Air Support x2
DODN/WA
Squadron Assignments
Strike Planning (start)
Insurrection (start)
Menace Fades
Uncontrollable Fury
Projection of a Skywalker x2
Draw Their Fire
Traffic Control

Interrupts9
The Signal x3
Rebel Barrier
I Know
Insertion Planning x2
Weapon Levitation
HFTMF '

Strategy: '

Before I begin I would like to give most the credit for this deck to Brian Hunter and
Steven Lewis from whom I got the idea for this deck.

Okey-Dokey.  Let’s get down to business.  First turn Get Crix with Strike Planning and
then either (a) get out Kensaric and deploy him to the same site.  Or (b) if the opponent
gives you two force, get out CoK and use him to get out Wuta.  Start Insurrection, Strike
Planning and YISYW and then you will most likely ditch the ’Insight’ for either Close Air
Support or Squad Assignments depending on what you need.  Use Insurrection to get out
the Landing Platform first turn and use Wuta from then on.  Use Crix each turn to find
your scouts and you will flip by third turn.  Save getting the second General until you
desicevly need Solo or Calrissian.  You can search for everything you need to flip so you’ll
be fine.  Once you flip  Your drains are going to drive them up the wall thanks to Midge
and you can slow theirs down somewhat w/PoaS.  Your space fleet can hold Endor easily
while you mutilate them on the ground.	You can retrieve 2-5 force a turn once you flip
thanks to Figran, Garrison Destroyed, and Draw Their Fire.  Now the reasons for cards I
use.

 Starship mix	Great power and easy deploy.
Figran Retrievel and Forfeit Fodder
Insurrection  my scouts are forfeit+2. Awesome
Wuta site puller and Forfeit fodder
Lt. Page and Orrimaarko Wildcards that can destroy the opponent. Picture this
DVDLOTS, Mara, and GMT have just moved in to destroy Crix and Wuta who are  all
alone.	You drop Lt. Page and deploy 2 scouts and Orrimaarko for cheap.  You play the
Fury.  You ditch the ’Insight’ for Close Air Support. You initiate battle.  Retrieve w/DTF.
What’s this?  Page adds a Battle Destiny and CAS adds another+ one destiny to power.
You knock three off theirs with an Insertion Planning and draw THREE battle destiny to
their one that is minus 3.  Let’s say you drew a 2,5, and 3 and they drew a 5, which was -3
and you add a 4 destiny to your power.	Your power30 Their power20   They lose 10+2
more from Ori.	You utterly defeated them with absolutely no mains.  Awesome  I’ve
done this multiple times so it’s no fluke.
Menace Fades puts their drains off slightly
Insertion Planning subtracts three from their battle destiny.	Six destiny number.
I’ll Take the Leader Whips TIE decks


Matchups

MKOS and COTVG Don’t bother with Menace Fades or PoaS because they’ll cancel it
with Hutt Influence.  Flip your Obj. and then stay put. Let them come to you unless they
are weak at, let’s say, the Dungeon. Drop Cracken+1 or 2 EPPs and slaughter them.
could be tough but if you stay on Endor and don’t fight unles you have to, you should stop
their retrievel and win.

BHBM Give ’em LS, JK and have fun.

Hunt Down If I may quote the immortal words of Brian Hunter, "Let Vader have his
site".  You should be able to toast their ground forces. Easy win.

CCT With Jabba’s Prize it could be trouble.  Search for a spy second turn and drop a
bunch to set him free.	If you can free him before he gets to the Palace, you win.  If you
can’t slow them down on the way,  you are are in deep and probably won’t win.  No
Bargain+ None Shall Pass will wreak havoc with your deployment to the AC and you
won’t be able to release him.

Monkey TIES Draw like mad until you find I’ll Take The Leader.  Deploy it and deploy
some ships to Wakeelmui and you should be able to destroy them with your Battle Destiny
and cancel theirs with Wedge and Tycho.  They can’t touch you on the ground and you
will win as long as you control Wakeelmui.

Any other deck  Let them do what they wan’t on THEIR territory but destroy them if they
try to take yours.  You shouldn’t have a problem.

This deck may look like a pile but it really kills. D-mail me with any questions you have.
Thanks for reading this.

'