---
layout: post
author: ! Tom "Gand" Culpepper
title: ! "RTP  destroy the rest    "
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-25
description: ! "tournament tested, only loss(by 10) because I played like a dumbass and Carl played a very intelligent game.  So far this deck is 3-1 +98.  Flip text is incredible."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start(10)
RTP/Sometimes I Amaze Even Myself
D Detention Block Corridor
D Docking Bay
Y4 War Room
Y4 DB
Prisoner 2187
Staging Areas
Insurrection
Insight serves you well
Heading for the Medical Frigate

Locations (2)
Home One DB
Tatooine DB

Characters(20)
Prisoner 2187
8D8 x3
Bron Burs
Luke w/ Lightsaber
Obi-Wan w/saber x2
Lando w/Vibro Axe x2
Han w/Heavy Blaster x2
Harc Serf
Commander Wedge Antillies
Zev
Chewbacca, Protector
Oorimarrko
Twas Kaah
Melas
WED-Bantha Droid

Vehicles/Starships(5)
Lift Tube x2
Home One
Rogue 2
Rogue 3

Weapons(1)
Obi’s Saber

Interupts(12)
The Signal x5
Lift Tube Escape x2
Rebel Barrier
OOC/Trans Term x3
Sorry about the Mess

Effects(10)
Death Star Plans x3
Bacta Tank
Echo Base Garrison x2
Traffic Control
What Are They Trying to Push On Us
Order To Engage
Reflection
Battle Plan
Mantelian Savrip '

Strategy: '

mmm...responses to reviews

  I use 5 signals for a reason, with 2 8D8 and 2 EBG I need any one of 9 cards out of 50(RTP deploys 10) to start the rescue run, making the deck extremely fast.  I am considering changing one for a Sorry About the Mess to make character elimination even easier, but I don’t know as of yet.
  Yes, I do mean to have Obis saber and not Anakins...	2187 can not use Anakins saber and Ben is very good to have around.
  As for Insight, numbers is far too dangerous against a mains heavy deck such as this one to just drop it completely, plus it makes eliminating Dark Jedi a bit easier.
  I don’t need the spies to eliminate Visage so the whole Crix/General Solo/General Calrisian package is not as usefull to me, I have 3 of OOC/TT to deal with Visage, again, look at my odds of drawing that...  there are only 50 cards	I can almost always get it(and D* plans) in the first hand or draw.  For the most part I deal with HDADTJ or BHBM by flipping and killing off Vader.  After that thier deck is pretty much dead.
  To the *** review of I dont know... I do, and RTP kicks major ass.

And for the record, I am not ”relying” on echo base garrison as heavily as you think.  I use it for a purpose, to pull 8D8, but if it gets altered after that I am ok...  there is another.

Use Lift Tube/Lift Tube Escape to deploy a tube to the DB at Death* Either Signal for Echo Base Garrison or if you drew 8D8, deploy him and move him to the Death* DB. BOARD THE LIFT TUBE. You can not be snipered or battled aboard it. Move the tube to the detention block.

Use 8D8s text to atempt to free Leia during control phase, if you get it(avg destiny of the deck is above 3) then deploy an escort force and board the tube, move the tube, transit to Yavin 4 DB. If not, draw some and save some to get your setup. Move to war room your next turn and flip.

Use EBG to pull Wedge and Bacta Tank to keep Leia alive and backed up. Use your strike forces to kill off uniques and put them out of play. That’ll teach ’em.  After moving her to the room, I usually move her away aboard a speeder to finish off the opponent.

Some cards explained

Echo Base Garrison Pull 8D8, Bacta Tank, Comm. Wedge. This card is better for RTP than it is for EBO

8D8 Destiny 5, the man(or droid) for freeing Leia and making Death Star Plans runs.

Lift Tube Escape Used 5, pulls lift tubes, puts unoccupied lift tubes in used pile. Great for tracking a 5 and 6 together for weapon destiny/battle destiny/death star plans(draws 3 destiny to retrieve)

Epps Weapons to attack uniques, add destinies every now and then... killing off more uniques.	Also good for early suicide runs when used with OOC/TT

Harc read his text. Harc is awesome.  In a Rogue with it’s pilot...  game, set, match.

Order To Engage Flipped RTP? Are they a little afraid to fight? Deploy in front of them and let them decide what the hell to do now. Lose three to order or lose characters for good.

Bantha Droid  maitnence droid, can be pulled with EBG.  At the Home One DB, cancels Laterial Damage.

Matchups

MKOS Mostly a ground deck, no real protection from this. Based on several unique characters. Battle Plan will slow early drains untill you can put a strike team into the pallace or transit them over to the spaceport DB. Kill the Myo for abyssins while excluding Jabba or Boleo, kill off uniques with the weapons, and the +2 to attrition. Wash, rinse, repeat. Without Jabba, or Bib(or Myo for Abyssins) MKOS is doomed.

HDADTJ Kill Vader while flipped. The destiny is high enough to shoot him with Han(especially when tracked via lift tube escape/lift tube). ABSOLUTELY dependant on unique characters. Once a few of them are gone, do a couple Death* Plans runs to bump up differential

BHBM Hang onto Luke, go after Vader. As you move toward the throne room, keep your strike team together and plow through defenses. See HDADTJ about dependance on uniques.

SYCFA Battle Plan will slow them down if it is TIEs, and it may be a bit harder to free Leia. If it looks like a flip deck, move as quickly as possible and then ship out to another palnet. If they are playing star destroyers, use your ships to take them down for good while Death Star Plans to retrieve them.

*remember
1) 8D8 can attempt to free a captive at ANY time during your phase, so do it before deploy, then you will have presence to deploy an escort.
2) Echo Base Garrison can pull 8D8, Comm Wedge and Bacta Tank. Use all three.
3) Harc + Lando on Tatooine is a Major force to be dealt with.
4) Harc rules
5) target Uniques when flipped, and don’t forget the +2 to attrition.

'