---
layout: post
author: Edwin "Edwin" Harris
title: 'Profit Is NOT Dead!'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-25
description: 'Profit with a cool twist.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective (1)
You Can Either Profit By This/... Or Be Destroyed

Characters (21)
Artoo x3
See-Threepio x2
C-3PO 
Master Luke x2
Boushh
Liea with Blaster
Ben Kenobi x2
Geezum
Owen and Beru Lars x2
Bo’Marr Munk x2
Han Solo (frozen at the beginning)
Lando with Ax x2
Chewiw with gun x2

Locations (6)
Jabba’s Palace (start)
Audiance Chamber (start)
Dune Sea
Lars Mositure Farm 
Obi-Wan’s Hutt 
Entrance Cavern

Inturrupts (23)
How Did We Get Into This Mess?x7
Don’t Froget The Droids 
Artoo I Have A Bad Feeling About this 
Corillian Retort
Someone Who Loves You
Captive Prosuit
Harvest x2
Control x2
Control/Tunnel Vision x2
Out Of Commision/Transmission Termanated
Sorry About The Mess/ Blaster Profissinsy 
The Signal
Heading To The Frigate
Higher Ground

Effects (9)
Aim High
Seeking An Audiance
Frozen Assets
Insurrection
Do Or Do Not/ Wise Advise
What Are You Trying To Push On Us? x3
Matillian Survap


Strategy: 

Take out frozen assets put in ICBW.

Ok first of all this is my profit deck with a twist of high destinies and other stuff like that. 

You might want to put a Cantina in for some other cards.

Why I Put Some Cards In.

Geezum- He Pulls the sites...just in case, you might want to put Orri in insted

Frozen Assets- Agenst Court, or CCT with Jabbas Prize, it kills your opponet with your low deploying people that are power +2. Also slows em down if needed.

How Did We Get Into This Mess?- Oh man, this card rules, trackable destiny 4, and lets you cycle out a bad hand untill you get a new one!!!!

Dune Sea- You can do how did we get into this mess there.

Control- I don’t have any space, so this cancels their drains.

Don’t Froget The Droids- Destiny 6, can help if you just got your self killed in a battle, and numbers protection.

I think all the rest of the cards sort of explain them selfs.



When playing with this deck you will want to start with Heading to the meadical frigate to get aim high, the SAC protection, and Insurrection. If your playing agenst Court MKOS , CCT or some tatooine deck, signal and frozen assets might be a better choice.Also you try to get HDWGITM working PDQ, so you can cycle thourgh to get all the cards you need. And always retrive with harvest.

Ok heres how I play agenst other decks:

SYCFA- Start Heading to the frigate, with the normal effects, set up drains, and by the time you’ve lost 10 force unfreeze Han and beat the crap out of em with drains on the ground. This should be pretty easy. 

Court, MKOS, CCT, or any other Tatooine deck- Start signal and Frozen Assets, and beat up on their characters untill you unfreeze Han then drain them dead.

Hunt Down- Start with the frig. stuff and get a spy to the visage place if they don’t have ephant, or cancel it with transmission termanated. Back up your Locs. as well as you can and attck if you need to, try to drain them as much as possible.

Hunt Down Numbers- Start Normal crap, unfreeze Han, cancel their Visage, use don’t froget the droids to cancel odds. This should your easiest matchup.

BHBM- Get Luke to a battle ground, unfreeze Han early, hit em with big loss. Fairly Easy Matchup.

Any other space deck- See SYCFA


Well Its about midnight and I gatta go to bed, I hope you enjoy my profit with a twist.  