---
layout: post
author: Jason "jade" Foss
title: 'SYCFA Mains'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-17
description: 'Sycfa mains deck with some dueling thrown in.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting
SYCFA
Death Star
Death Star Docking Bay
Aldaran
Pre Defences
IAO
Mob Points
Crush The Rebbelion

Locations
Endor
Kashyyk
Cloud City Docking Bay
Executor docking Bay
Death Star war room

Characters
Lord Vader[4]
Mara Jade [2]
Grand Moff Tarkin
Prince Xizor
Guri
Ig-88 W/gun
Admiral Cheranue
Commander Merrejk
Snoova
DR evazan + Ponda Baba
Captain Goderdt
Commander Igar
Admiral Ozzel
Grand Admiral Thrawn

Starships
Chiemera 
Devestator
Executor
Dominator
Dengar in ship

Interupts
Vaders Obsesion
The Circle is now complete[2]
You Are Beaten
Evader Monnock
Focused Attack
Operational As Planned
Put All secions On alert
Omnie Box Its Worse
Sniper Dark Strike
Masterful Move[2]
Imperial Barrier

Effects 
Battle Order
Secret Plans
Somthing Special Planned
Lataral Damage
Search And Destroy

Whepons 
Vaders Saber[2]
Maras Saber
Snoovas Stick

Admirals Order
Battle Deployment
We’re in attack position now

Vehicles
Tempest 1 

Strategy: 

Take out dominator add Z/in ship

To Rushe- Did’nt i say to lataral damage the outrider. When that ship is lataral damaged its a piece of junk. 



        I made this deck cause i was tired of playing Hunt Down. Basicaly what you want to do is get at least one system with chiranue at it ao you can drain for 3. On the ground you can just keep battling him. Duel obi wan out of the game if its Ben just used focused attack to win the duel. With luke be careful before dueling make sure your destinys are good. He probaly does’nt think im playing this card so he might not have destinys set up. One good duel can completly change the game. Say i win a duel by 5, it causes a 10 card swing in the game plus the absense of luke at a site where i have vader could’nt be good for them considering obiwans out of play. Most people dont see dueling coming in a deck like this and that element of surprise could win me a game. Everything else in the deck just gets played like a mains deck..

Cards I would like to add.

Imperial Command= I would add these if i had any. I also dont no what to add.

More Ships= I cant even find room for the bounty hunter ships. The fear of Zuckuss can usualy make them get 7 ability.

Another Sniper Dark Strike= This card is just so good but i cant find room. 


Matchups

VS WYS Raiders
God do i hate Palace Raiders. dont go to the tatooine system till you have the executor or cheimera with guri. Cause otherwise there just gonna knock you off in 1 battle. The devestator does’nt have immunity so that would’nt be a good choice cause they would get rid of it so fast. I can usualy get guri on the executor at tatooine and that can hold its own there. You will want to get Battle Deployment down to limit there destiny. Dont forget that palace raiders on patrol crafts can react. Lataral damage the outrider so it cant reduce power. Get Somthing Special Planned out ASAP cuase it basicaly cuts there retreival in half. Dont duel luke unless your sure you have mad good destinys cause they genaraly have real good destiny.

VS Hidden Mains
Try to get control of one of the drain 2 systems early. Try to get alot of your characters together at the death star docking bay. Dont worry about battling them yet cause there probaly playing dockingbays so you will have no problem bringing it to them later. Dont worry about them batling you cause you take no battle damage. Once you have a strong force ready start chasing him around. Duel obi out of the game wit ease. If you get the chance duel luke.

VS EBO
Get search and destroy out fast. If they deploy a jedi duel him. Dont try to cancel ebo cause chances are you wnt do it. Plus If they put down honor and all your guys are under the sheild your screwed. You probaly have enouph space power
to block like 2 drains. If you play smart and dont make any mistakes you will win.

VS HB
Same as ebo. Just wait to deploy in space till they flip then probe there base.

Against any other deck just adept to what there playing.





