---
layout: post
author: ! Mason "Palleon" Johnson
title: ! 'Scum in the Court=Dead Rebels'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-15
description: ! 'Court is a very solid foundation. This deck can retrieve tons, force drain for considerable amounts, and is invicible in battles. What more could you want?'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting Stuff (8)

Court of The Vile Gangster/BYE BYE

Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba’s Palace Dungeon
Tatooine Sarlacc Pit
Prepared Defenses
There is No Try/Oppressive Enforcement
No Bargain
Power Of The Hutt

Characters (23)

Jabba The Hutt
Mighty Jabba
Mara Jade, TEH
Arica
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle x2
4-love of money with Concussion Gun x2
Iggy with a rioting gun
Guri
Gailid
Prince Xizor
Dengar with big gun
Dr. E & Mr. Walrus x2
Zuckuss
Djas Puhr
Jodo Kast
Boelo
Elephant Man
Bane Malar
Bib Fortuna
monoc (MYO)

Starships & Vehicle (6)

Zuckuss in Hot Dog
Dengar in Hamburger
Bossk in Juice Box
Iggy In IG-2001
Virago
Jabba’s sail barge

Interrupts (12)

Imp. Barrier x3
Bib Fortuna Advior
Control & Set For Stun x2
None shall Pass x2
Ghhhk & Rebels Won’t Escape Us
Sniper & Darth Vader’s Strike
Defensive fire & Jabba’s Smooch
Ommni Box

Effects (5)

Scum and Villiany x2
Hutt Influence
First Strike
Secret Plans

Locations (5)

ExecutorDocking Bay
Tatooine Desert Heart
Jabba’s Palace Lower Passages
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace

Weapon (1)

Mara’s Flashlight '

Strategy: '

Get jabba the hutt down to the Audience Chamber as soon as possible pull the executor docking bay for better activation. Get scum & villainy down. Deploy throughout jabba’s palace and be ready to use your tricks to battle. Drain if they don’t come to you early. if it looks like their never coming go get them. Your only weakness is space against strong pace decks. But don’t worry you can hold your own in the right situation. Use your imperial barriers and None Shall Passes to their best advantage. Battle as much as possible to retieve with scum. Use the direct damage from the objective if they don’t come down. This decks is not only powerful it is a blast to play.

Your Force
You will have plenty of force because of you (-) deploys because of Jabba’s Sail Barge and Scum. Try to get your locations out as quick as possible.

Characters You have a a good amount of ground power to battle any ground deck. You can cancel game texts, Scancel battle destiny’s. Restrict deployment, and crush your opponent. No Worries in the character department.

Effects and Interrups Retrieve with Scum and First strike. Use your barriers and None Shall Passes to battle like a champ. Contol their force drains or stun their characters. Smooch their spies or place vader out of play. Disrupt tracking with Ommni Box. If all else fails use Ghhk. Search for effects. No bargain restricts their deployment. Sniper their characters. Definietly no flaws here.

Locations You should have enough force and with gailid you can drain for a bunch at the palace.  Good sites for battling. Jabba’s Palace Pulls you sites and the audience chamber gets you an alien.
The best location you can get for a scum deck.

Starships and Vehicles The Sail Barge is great reduces your characters deploys and makes a few immune to attrition with Power of the Hutt. The Hunters ships work great against space decks. Get them together and beat down the rebel fleet. They better look out for Xixor on the Virago.

Weapons Weeeoooww Bzzzzzt Nuff said.

Match Ups

VS. MWYHL Start secret plans to stunt their retrieval. Drain as much as you can early before they get set up. Use the objectives direct damage and kill him quickly. A tough matchup but you can pull it off.

VS. EBO DO lots of early damage before they are set up. Then use scum and your starships to battle like a champ in space drain on the groung while your killing and retrieving in space. Piece of Cake. Kinda

VS. Profit Start secret plans and battle, drain, and retrieve. Let them get han early then kill him and place him out of play. Grind them down while you retieve. Retiee while your draining and watch for beatdowns. Don’t let them take the palace. This shouldn’t be a problem with No Bargain, Barrier, None Shall Pass, and your awesome power. This game can be pulled of with a little concentration.

VS. Mains Use your tricks to battle like a champ. Ghhk their beatdowns. And cancel their deplyment. This deck can contol any mains deck with ease.

VS. Anything Else Battle, Retieve, and Force drain like a champ.

If you play wisely you can win almost always.
Good Luck.

Mason (J)  '