---
author: Paul "lbmyers1" Myers
title: That was quick!  Myers’ DPC Deck
side: Dark
date: 2001-08-09
description: Went 4-0 at the Atlanta DPC to get me 3rd place.  Matt Berta used it to get 2nd place at ComicCon.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Start: (10)
Hunt Down
Med. Chamber
Holotheatre
Epic Duel
Visage of the Emperor
Start Your Engines
Podrace Arena
Sebbulba&#8217;s Podracer
Boonta Eve Podrace
Watto&#8217;s Box

Locations & Ships (5)
Bossk in HT
Zuckas in MH
Fett in Slave 1
Mara&#8217;s Stick
Imperial Holotable

Characters (14)
EPP Vader x5
Emperor Palpatine x5
Mara Jadex2
Darth Maul x2

Effects (7) 
Visage Of The Emperor x2
Image of the Dark Lord
Come Here You Big Coward
Secret Plans
No Escape
Grabber

Interrupts (24) 
Podracer Collision x4
Masterful Move x4
Force Lightning x3
Vader&#8217;s Obsession x3
Circle is Now Complete x2
Twi&#8217;lek Advisor x2
This Is Some Rescue
Omni Box/It&#8217;s Worse
Sniper/Dark Strike
Elis Helrot
Counter Assault
Focused Attack
Holonet Transmission 

Strategy: 

RESPONSE TO REVIEWS:
Time to update for what is thought to be one of the worst cards for this deck ever:  Transmission Terminate & Out of Commision COMBO CARD.

Why do I not have enough characters?  This seems to be the biggest complaint of the deck.  Well you also must think about proportions of characters per battle and who stays and who dies; and why I normally end up being the victor in the long run due to battles at sites.  Normal destiny of this deck is 4-5-6 and an occasional 1.  So assuming I draw 4s for everything lets do some logic analysis.  I will also adress the TT/OOC card in point number 2. 

1.  EPP Vader hits one character per battle and takes one out due to attrition.  Sure he’ll die...but so will Talon Kardde and Melas/or Twass Khaa and Mirax Terrik/or Qui-Gon Jin and Jar-Jar depending upon the deck you are playing against.  You’ve lost 2 cards and I’ve lost one which I will replace the next turn.  Should I even describe how unfair Mauls proportions are?  He will undoubtedly hit 2 characters every battle, then will attrition 1 character each battle and maybe 2 more if you have Maul Strikes.  AND, he will most likely survive the battle due to The Phantom Menace.  Emperor Palpatine is a good character.  He a twix in a sense due to his icon and Holotheatre text!  Thats just cool.  Also, he is a great battler, or should I say defender?  Force Lightning means they will need to bring at least 2 characters who can draw their own destiny in case you lightning one.  But remember he loses his immunity.  If you are outpowered by 5 or 6 and will lose Empy anyway, go ahead and take a pot luck shot at frying that EPP Luke, after all...is it really pot luck with YOUR destinies?  :)  He is immune to all attrition and thats great in battles.  The used version of force lightning is great when retaliating.  Suppose they attack Empy with Quigon.  You are outpowered by around 2 so lose some force and keep Empy.  Next turn, bring down EPP Vader to join him, make Qui-Gon a defense value of 3, hack him to bits and then draw a 6 for battle destiny and around 7-8 battle damage.  They lose qui-gon, you lose Empy and flip objective, and they lose yet another force to Visage.

2.  People continue to complain about OOC putting my dudes out of play.  Ive played this in multiple tournaments and I have had my EPP Vader put out of play a total of ONEEEEEEEEEE Time due to out of commision.  And the opponent could not clear the Vader on table due to my dueling so it never mattered anyway.  I never lose off the top to the first Visage damage because it could be Vader and then they might have a 100% chance to get him.  I will quickly lose around 5-10 cards due to the visage and normally they’re wont even be a vader in there.  If there is, they can take they’re chances trying to get him, but in one-two turns Ill put all back in my used pile(race) so they dont have too many chances.  Also, I am guessing the average American LS decks plays 2 TT/OOC(WYS will have 4).  Now your opponent has three very hard choice to make.  1.   They can cancel that deadly Visage which is hitting them every single turn.  2.  Take what will usually be a <10% chance of putting Vader/Maul/Emperor out of play, and THEN try to kill the one already on table.  3.  Kill that phantom menace which is an incredibly good card.  Now they cant do all 3 with only one TT/OOC :)  So if they pick 2 or 3, Visage will eat them alive.  If they pick 1, you will probably just replace it next turn.  If they pick ANY, you might even just play one of the This Is Some Rescues you added to the deck and not let them do either 3 option.  So no more complaining about OOC!:P
------------------------------------------------------------
This deck is one of the most underestimated deck in the current environment.  It went 4-0 for me at the DPC with wins over Steven Lewis, Charlie Herren, and Arthur Rhodes.  The title is not meant to be arrogant but its what I put on my decklist at the DPC and it is usually true to its name.  I gave Matt Berta the decklist before ComicCon and he changed about 10 cards and got 2nd.

First off, I know it has no Coruscant in it.  I wanted to give the exact decklist I used at the DPC.  Coruscant will only make this deck that much better in ways Ill talk about later.  Lets start off with how it plays:

Early Game:  Bring out the Holotable and get the Emperor to the Theatre(except against WYS in which case he goes to the Cantina).  Both of these increase your activation by 2 so you shouldnt have any trouble putting out your stuff in the next couple turns.  If they give you a battle ground, put Vader there.  Otherwise, wait till you win the race.

Mid Game:  Win the race and work the 22 force swing.  Put Vader at the Arena and start doing Visage.  They dont have Leia, Obi, or Luke to fight Vader with which leaves them with Qui-Gon and some scrubs.  Qui-Gon always gets hacked by Vader so theyll eventually run out but you have 5 Vaders.  Vader and Mara can blind duel as soon as they drop the Jedi.  Pick Vader up if they put QuiGon at a far off battleground site, or just drop Mara and stick and hack him.  Remember, hes Immune to Attrition so the only way to kill him is to hack him which is extremely easy(especially with Used Force Lightning).  

Late Game:  Late game usually never occurs in 50% of yours games.  Just keep Vader at a battleground and keep plinging them with drains and Visage and theyve hopefully taken so much damage that they wont be able to hang.  

The Race:  Can this deck win the race?  Yes.  In fact it wins it 95% of the time.  And that 5% is against WYS decks where you never find your grabber or a Twilek.  Check the destiny of this deck out without the starting ten cards:
0-1
1-13
2-2
3-2
4-4
5-11
6-17
7-2
The 0 gets pulled almost always on turn 1.  End the race as soon as you can.  Dont wait till you have 11 in lost pile because youre most likely setting their It Could Be Worse up.  Unless theyre packing interrupts, you will win by turn 4, 3 turns if you draw decent.

Now time for some matchups:
WYS:
If theyre racing grab A Step Backwards quickly, if not then try to grab their On The Edge.  Get Vader and the Emperor into the Cantina and just drain for 2 a turn.  Duel Luke as soon as he comes down but use your judgement too!  If its Jedi Luke with his stick and you dont have Focused Attack, it might be smart not to duel blind.  :)  Bear the drain at Kessel and if theyve committed Luke and Melas, get Maul to Kessel.  Draw for your 3 ships and control the ground without problems.  If they ever bring 2 random smugglers like RFCs against Vader in the cantina, hack one and decline destiny.  Next turn, bring down another Vader and give them ten battle damage.  I cant tell you how many times Ive done this.  Or dont draw destiny against Luke, and next turn move Vader in to duel him.

Flipping HB:
Get Vader to the Arena as soon as the race is over.  If they go to a Forest on one of their planets, pick up Vader and drop and duel the next turn.  Find your three ships and you shouldnt have much trouble probing.  Security Precautions used to be in hear but I dropped it for a 5th Emperor because I knew thered be know HB at the DPC...I was right.  You can get Maul onto a ship to make probing even easier.

TIGIH or RST:
Pretty easy matchup.  Elis Helrot and Couter Assault are money in this matchup.  Get Emperor to their Landing site first turn.  Hold Vader for Crix and wreck him so that they can only pull one scout the entire game.  

Profit:
Start Mara Jade and first turn give her her stick and move her out to drain.  Duel their big guys and try to kill Han.  Han should die via Force Lightning and Vaders blade.  This will just come down to battling and you should win in the end due to the Podrace and Visage.

QMC:
Good matchup but you should control the sites easily and you can duel their mains but watchout for Qui-Gon.  Just control their sites and drain them, use Visage, and win the race.  See a pattern here?

Thats about all I can think of.  4 MMs, 1 Holonet, 2 Visages, and a This Is Some Rescue insure that Visage will always stay out unless they pack more than 4 TT/OOC.  

Card Choices:
Image fo the Dark Lord:  Hold the Table down.
No Escape:  Keep Visage running.
Grabber:  Obvious(drop for Allegations of Corruption soon).
Coward:  No drains at the Holotable and Executor sites.  Great card in general.
Sniper/Dark Strike:  Kill a dude instantly.
EPP Vader?  Why not DLOTS!?:  Youd just have to play the deck to understand this choice.  You need his stick on him instantly for duels.  Vaders stick is destiny 1 and cant be pulled until Maul Strikes comes out which leads me to...

Im still working on the changes but Ill give you some 
Thats about it.  Read my tournament report from the DPC to see how I play the deck.  Please help me out with the reviews as to what should change when Coruscant comes, thats the whole reason why Im posting the deck(to get your feedback).  I hope it brings you as much success as it did for me!                             