---
layout: post
author: ! Jamie "JEEBS" Giberti
title: ! 'What Kind Of Jedi Eats Armor Hotdogs?'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-25
description: ! 'an old skool deck with some new twists, to combat MKOS and other things.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting

Local Uprising
Tatooine
 Farm
Heading For the Medical Frigate
Insurrection
Staging Areas
Your Insight Serves You Well

Locations

Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Home 1 Docking Bay
 Spaceport Docking Bay
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace

Weapons

Luke’s Lightsaber
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber

Starships

Outrider
Millennium Falcon
Spiral
Independence
Home 1

Effects

Order To Engage
Traffic Control
Menace Fades
Battle Plan
Honor Of The Jedi
Do Or Do Not/Wise Advice
What’re They Tryin To Push On Us
Tatooine Celebration
Bo Shuda

Characters

2 x Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Luke With Lightsaber (or scout luke if you prefer)
2 x Ben Kenobi
2 x Lando With Vibro Axe
2 x Leia With Blaster rifle
Han with Heavy blaster pistol
Captain Han Solo
Chewbacca, Protector
Corran Horn
Dash Rendar
Tawss Khaa
Orrimaarko

Interrupts

2 x On The Edge
2 x Throw Me Another Chrage
2 x Fallen Portal
2 x Transmission Terminated/Out Of Comission
Desperate Reach/the Bith Shuffle
Courage Of A Skywalker
Run Luke Run
Gift Of The Mentor
Move Along...
Sorry About the Mess/Blaster Proficiency

Cards That Almost Made it/Have been in it

Aim High
lost in The Wilderness
Weapon Levitation
Control/Tunnel Vision
Ounee Ta '

Strategy: '

NB I left the skiff out, whoops

After seeing Mat Allen play a deck with the same start at my last tourney,
i decided to give it a shot, seeing as it seemed very effective vs MKOS. The Deck
can do it all, Battle, beatdown, Retrieve, Cycle and generally make life unpleasant
for the opponent. There is plenty of Anti-tech in here which i will go into more detail
later. After seeing a resurgence in DS Space Decks/big blue, i decided that a bit more
space than i usually have was neccessary. Park Home 1 and Dash in the Outrider at tatooine,
and id like to see them get rid of you, although watch out for tie cannons. You always Start
Insurrection and Staging Areas, The 3rd effect is normally YISYW, but it changes accordingly.

MKOS - Battle Plan
BHBM - DODN/WA
HD - Insight
Endor Ops- Menace Fades
SYFCA - Battle Plan
Court - Insight to pull honor
TDIGWATT- Insight

Now people will say what happens if the oponent plays No Escape and puts down Vader and Tarkin
at the farm for 4 force? its a pain in the ass, but not many people play No Escape in the UK, havent
run into it in quite a while, even if it does happen, its not the end of the world. Basically just
pull the docking bays and have people at them for activation, while cantina shuffling and retrieving with
Celebration/OTE. Now for some card choices

Skiff Helps get round the pain in the @#$% that is the Tatooine Desert Heart, although with the Spaceport DB
aswell, this may not be neccessary.

Spaceport DB See above.

Move Along I am starting to love this card. IF they come at you with a Chevin/Abyssin/whatever swarm, this card
can turn a beatdown for you into a beatodwn for them.

Run Luke Run Duel Protection, Destiny 6, moves Luke over to a battle where hes power plus 2,
what more could you ask for?

Dash + The Outrider I know they are pretty much useless unless they are together, but when they’re together you will
have a hard time getting rid of them if they have the proper support.

Bo Shuda I HATE MOSEP AND I HATE GALID Well i like to use them, but you know what i mean. Stick any of the aliens at
the AC, and watch MKOS’s drain potential lessen by 2 off the top. You could always add loje nella if you want, he is tech.

Matchups

Hunt Down

Should be interesting. Lots of battles, fallen portal is a god card, you can use their own docking bays against them with that
and staging areas. Dont forget Run Luke Run cancels Obcession. They Shouldnt be able to match your drain potential. Cancel Visage
with TT/OOC, and if vader goes OOC, its 80% over. Should win most of the time.

BHBM

This is non-existent in the UK, but if its big in your area, swap Luke with for Scout Luke.
Keep Obi away From vader, Circle is not a pretty thing, although courage would save you and possibly
send vader OOP. set up at the db’s and the cantina shuffle, they will have to come to you, thats when
you beat them down, dont let them stack more than 2 cards. Should win most of the time again, but harder
than HD

Endor Ops

Get Menace fades + Cantina Shuffle set up. Bye Bye their drain bonuses. Put all your ships at tatooine,
dont be tempted to battle their ships, as you could be walking into a trap. Once their bonus’s are gone,
they will be a bit screwed. Easy Win

SYFCA

Dont let them have a battleground site. Chop palpy or fallen portal him. Corran deals with Arica/U-3P0,
as does SATM. IF/When they put someone at the death star db, put some people there with order to engage out. They
get hurt either way. Watch out for milyoom onith, shes a @#$%. Hardest Match up, but definately still winnable.

MKOS

This deck is surprisingly effective vs MKOS. Battle Plan hinders them early on, and theres plenty of anti-MKOS tech.
The SP DB in particular. IF they ever come to battle at your sites, you can use portal at almost all of them. Set up Battle
Plan and Menace Fades, Plus Bo Shuda/OTE. AIm High really would be nice in this deck. Hard, But definately winnable.

Thanks for rating, please give your advice as to what to change.  '