---
layout: post
author: ! Matt "TmastamattC" Ehrhart
title: ! "MyLoRdIsMaUlLeGaL"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-10-02
description: ! "This type two Senator/Maul lockdown deck. It brings the beats, and has a vicious cycle that is just broken in type two."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'STARTING
My Lord, Is That Legal?
CORUSCANT GALACTIC SENATE
TATOOINE DESERT LANDING SITE
Neimodian Advisor
The Phantom Menace

LOCATIONS
BLOCKADE FLAGSHIP BRIDGE
TATOOINE MARKETPLACE

CHARACTERS
Aks Moe x2
Darth Maul, Young Apprentice x3
Edcel Bar Gane x2
Gardulla The Hutt
Lott Dod x2
Nute Gunray
Orn Free Taa x2
P-59 x2
P-60
Passel Argente
Rune Haako
Tikkes x2
Toonbuck Toora x2
Yeb Yeb Adem&þ x2

WEAPONS
Mauls Lightsaber x2

STARSHIPS
none and i will explain why

INTERRUPTS
Alter x2
Control x3
Maul Strikes
Neimodian Advisor (not the starting one)
No Civility, Only Politics x2
Sense x6
Squabbling Delegates x2
The Point Is Conceded x3
Vote Now
We Must Accelerate Our Plans x2

EFFECTS
Accepting Trade Federation Control
Begin Landing Your Troops
This Is Outrageous
Wipe Them Out, All OF Them '

Strategy: '

READ THIS ALL THE WAY THROUGH BEFORE REVIEWING
Well just about everyone knows the power of dark senators, so i am not gonna go over the basics. I will simply go into specifics about my version of the deck. Pretty much a Q & A
Why start The Phantom Menace?
For early set up, the deck needs to get Lott Dod within the first few turns. And if he aint in my opening hand, then a Maul should be. So when I drop him for free, the effect allows me to search and deploy Lott Dod from reserve deck. Plus it makes certain that my Maul practically never leaves the table.
What am I thinking not racing?
Well pretty much im thinking it aint worth my time, I aint gonna win. There is just too much in light sides favor to race with, and besides which its a waste of time. Oh no please dont make me lose six force, and then watch me retrieve it with squabbling, OOPS. I suppose I could throw in a podracer just for the hell of it, I do have somewhat decent destiny and all. But dont tell me im gonna lose because of the race. What happens when I lose? I lose six force, ok I retrieve it one way or another. They play I Did It, oh no cause you know in type two they can play Draw Their Fire. Great you see how worthless podraceing is to my time in this deck?
Why TATOOINE MARKETPLACE, and not some bigger activation site or drain site?
One of two sites in my deck, and really all that I need. First, theres no undercover spy for light side so its a definate drain when I control the site. The only way for them to cancel the drain is to beat me out of the site, or cancel the drain. The only way to cancel is the effect with a senator deck, and I just alter it. Next the site is the start of the cycle. Spend three retrieve one, sounds good right? And with Maul and his saber there, its a swing of three drain two retrieve one.
Why so many senators?
Each one has its only special role to play. The four you want out at all times are Lott Dod, Tikkes, Toonbuck Toora, and Yeb Yeb Adem’thorn (Yeb Yeb is another part of the cycle). The multiple senators is for cancel of drains, and subtracting three from destinies. That and keeping control of the senate, if I run out of senators then how can I do either?
Gardulla The Hutt, what were you thinking?
Well if you have to ask then you havent read the card. She finishes the cycle. During your control phase she can almost always retrieve a force, so long as you do it right.
What is this cycle you talk of?
Take control of the MARKETPLACE, to the point that you just cant lose there. Each turn you spend three force and retrieve one. Next you use Yeb Yeb (who also works real well with Rune Haako)and peek at their top card, so long as it is higher than two you retrieve another force with Gardulla. Then you drain for two, cause of Mauls Saber. With your effects and controls you cancel the drains, and retrieve the controls with the first half of the cycle.
SAC?
Who are you kidding, if you dont play with it you shouldnt be playing. Its the only way to survive in type two, otherwise you rarely play a card. And dont worry that theyre lost interrupts, you retrieve insane amounts remember
Only one Maul Strikes?
I know, but its the only one I own otherwise there would be more in here.
What does No Civility, Only Politics do?
Its a great mid game card, to add a draw in a battle if you need it. But it makes an even better late game card. It lets you take a senator back into your hand, during your move phase, and you get to use it for canceling drains again. Then he goes back in your deck for a larger differential.
What are those effects good for?
Well Begin Landing Your Troops is great for battles in the senate. With this out, now you should only lose one senator per battle(if that). Wipe Them Out, All Of Them; because podracing is so huge for light, and dont plan on winning. They will mostlikely have I Did It on the table (if im lucky I pull it from his hand with my objective) this allows me to activate one force on his turn. Not that it really means anything, cause Draw Their Fire isnt legal but who cares. Its a force, and every little bit helps.
WHY NO SPACE?
For all of you who are thinking of rating me one star and saying YOU LOSE TO SPACE. Sorry but you are wrong. What are the systems they have? Not that many to choose from right? And only one comes to mind that is a drain of more than one, right? Well I cancel it with the effect/senators. Anything else I dont worry about, cause its a drain of one. I dont plan on letting them take control of the senate, so all those cool senator affects should never come into play. And those drain one systems, well remember I retrieve one to two force a turn which cancels out the loss. You should NEVER lose to a space deck in type two, but if it worries you that much go ahead and add some space. I really see no point to it.
get this jackoff
I can think of 3; Kessel, Coruscant(original) and Kiffex. But thats ok, because it seem your ground and retrieval make up for it.  
  Over-  
thats great and all except normally you dont see such cards in type two. but thanks for being a dck.
'