---
layout: post
author: ! Wes "SeaRaptor" Brown
title: ! "I’m Gonna Git You Blondie v0 1"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-08
description: ! "Agents of the Black Sun, first take.  A mix of what I’ve seen played and some of my own touches."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'STARTING (4)
Agents of the Black Sun/Vengeance of the Dark Prince
Coruscant
Coruscant Imperial City
Prince Xizor

CHARACTERS (21)
Snoova
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle
Djas Puhr
Bane Malar
Feltipern Travagg
Guri
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle
IG-88 with Riot Gun
Ree-Yees
Jodo Kast
Greedo
Beedo
Danz Borin
Prince Xizor
Emperor Palpatine x 2
Vigo x 3
Murttoc Yine
Labria

STARSHIPS (6)
IG-88 in IG-2000
Boba Fett in Slave I
Denegar in Punishing One
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Stinger

LOCATIONS (5)
Cloud City East Platform (Docking Bay)
Coruscant Docking Bay
Coruscant Imperial Square
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Spaceport Docking Bay

WEAPONS (1)
Vibro-Ax

EFFECTS (12)
No Escape
Search and Destroy
Presence of the Force x 2
Imperial Arrest Order
You Cannot Hide Forever
Mobilization Points
Resistance
There’ll Be Hell To Pay
We’re The Bait
Secret Plans
Lateral Damage

INTERRUPTS (11)
Jabba’s Through With You
Twi’lek Advisor x 3
Prepared Defenses
Hidden Weapons
Wounded Warrior
Ommni Box & It’s Worse
Surprise
Elis Helrot x 2
'

Strategy: '

My first attempt at AOTBS.  Any and all criticism appreciated (just keep it nice and simple). =)

It seems to me that the strength of this deck is, of course, in the flip side text where you have the ability to know just about everything you want regarding your upcoming destinies as well as your opponents’.  While this sort of manipulation can’t be directly incorporated into deck design, it can be planned for with certain strategies.  I’m new to DeckTech, but have been playing since the game was released, so I feel pretty confident in my knowledge of the cards.  Unfortunately, I haven’t been heavily in the tournament scene for some months now, and I would love input on how this would stack up against archetypes that are floating around at present.

Reasoning behind certain card selections

--Labria is in here for the extra peeking ability he affords me.  With only 6 starships and no vehicles, the odds of him hurting me are rather slim.  Plus, he and Murttoc Yine (hi Tim) are both spies, which is bound to come in handy in this deck sooner or later.

--The starting setup in this design can vary.  I like having the ability to change my start (and not just what effects I use) depending on what I think my opponent is playing.  I’m determined to give the Twi’lek/POTF start a shot and see how the insta-flip goes.  There is no denying the power of the 3 effects you get from Prepared Defenses, but thwacking your opponent for 2 damage before he’s even activated has some appeal to me (imagine him losing a key card for his objective off the top of his deck if he likes his hand or something).  In further revisions I may glue myself down to something, but for now I like the flexibility.  I’d love to hear opinions on what how the insta-flip plays.

--Wounded Warrior is one of those seriously underrated interrupts, and one of my personal favorites.  

--We’re The Bait is also one of my favorite cards. Can be even more fun if you deploy it and then capture Luke later -- they’ll never get rid of it.

--I realize that some of the BH ships duplicate characters in the deck.  It’s a judgement call as to where they’re needed most as the game progresses.

--Danz and Beedo are included mainly for variety’s sake.  Greedo is in there to see how he stacks up against some of the WYS decks floating around.  Feltipern Travagg is another underrated bounty hunter that I include not only for his superb game text but for his good destiny draw.

--Surprise is for the POTF’s, if I need one somewhere else later in the game.  (Try and move it during the control phase for extra drain.)  Is also bound to have other uses depending on what the opponent is playing (re-target that Kessel Run to a smuggler on the ground back on Tatooine or something).

--Lateral Damage is pure surprise factor.  If I can jump just one lone ship with a pair of BH ships, I can pound out some good battle damage.

I haven’t played with this deck yet, so match-ups would be hard to predict.  I’m primarily looking for pointers or suggested changes (please include what you think I should remove, as well).

Thanks for your time






--
'