---
layout: post
author: ! nate "number 1" meeker
title: ! "WYS Nightfall’s a Bit_ch"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-07
description: ! 'A Watch Your Step that kicks some serious @#$% on the ground.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting8
WYS
Cantina
docking bay 64
tatooine
hftmf
squad assignments
staging areas
menace fades

Characters19
RFc x2
talon karrde
mirax terrik
dash rendar
lando w/axe
melas
artoo & threepio
theron nett
corran horn
lieut. blount
wedge antilles
cap. han
chewbacca protector x2
jedi luke 
jedi scout luke
ben kenobi x2

adm. orders2
ill take the leader x2

locations1
tosche station

blue5
tala 2
outrider
red squad 1
red 10
falcon

green3
x-wing laser cannon
obis stick
lukes stick

effects10
close air support
bacta tank
disarmed
goo nee tay
traffic control
tat celebration
projection of a skywalker x2
nightfall x2

interrupts12
cantina brawl
out of nowhere
run luke run
nobel sac
sorry about the mess
out of comm/tt x2
signal x3
weapon levitation x2


'

Strategy: '

First I would like to say that I played this deck last weekend and it won both games it played, one vs court,win by 27, and a bhfm, win by 22. Now I have not tested this vs a upper 1900 player,(there are not very many in ohio, around where I live) but it did well vs mid 1800’s and vs 1700’s so I am confident with this deck.

Card Choices
1. scout luke- bhfm fake is big right now, and I can usally make vader go back to the death star and just sit while I trap emporer off the star.
2.tala 2 w/blount he works well with close air support and he makes all scouts and spies deploy plus 2, very handy.
3.No fallen portal?? because no one really wants to battle my guys anyway so I am always battleing them.
4.close air support I know I only have 4 characters for it but it only takes one of them to make it kick some ass. 2 destinys to power and 3 regular with two chumps, I say not bad.
5. Ben he is well worth the 11 force because he is a badmamajamma with your high forfit smugglars.
also he kicks when you put him down with lando w/axe to give the beatdown.
6.projection this card rocks it will save you a lot of force in almost every game you play.
7. cantina brawl again this card is wicked. you dont have to have any caracters in the cantina to play it. picture this, tarkin,some crappy imperial, and vader in the cantina, you dont want to fight these three so you play a brawl, you draw a 6 and he draws a 4, vader gets madd at tarkin and breaks his old man hip then vader gets blown to peices with that detenator in his pocket that he forgot about and that crappy imperial is still there, you go kick the crap out of him, game over. I have done it before.

destiny layoutafter starting
01
19
27
313
46
512
64

22 good destinys, not bad.

turns
1. deploy what you can for free, use a signal if you got it then draw up to 12.(I am monnok parinoid)
2. go to space with any ship as long as you have another one to put down next turn.
3. make sure you have seven ablity in space.
4. go secure the doc. bay to get the activation and drain there. you should also be able to flip.
5. work on close air support and tat. celebration.
6. go to the second site and start to drain.
7. use projection to slow him down as well as menace fades.
8. give him the beat he he makes a mistake by going to tat, but leave him alone at other planets unless he is getting in monstar drains.

matchups
vs isb this could be hard if you cant find projections and artoo & threepio fast. agents at your sites hurt bad so kill them quick. hold one rebel base location so he cant hold imp decree. he ill probley not fight you at the bays because he will expect to see fallen portals. you should win if you can hold the system while still draining. imp command will hurt but you can deal with it if you play smart.

vs ties all depends on the type. swarm is easy because you have ill take the leader. unique ties is the hardest matchup for this deck because the power is the same at the system. your destinys will most likely make a dirrerence because he wont have a lot of all power so you can beat his immunity, the cannon is big here.again set up and drain away on the ground.

vs carbon ct this is not too hard because you will be abel to intecept the tranfer so he cant flip and his obective will then suck. even without han your fleet will take him down, again cannons are huge.

vs court if it is a space court deck you could have a little bit of trouble but your destinys will really hurt them in the long run and ill take the leader kills him. on the ground you can wipe him out with levitation and disarmed, your destintys with close air support will rock him.
look out for free mara.

vs bhfm this is the most fun game because you should never lose a battle and you can even go kill the emporer if you feel like it. take him out quick and then go have lunch remember bhfm is overrated and cant stand up to muli destinys.

vs huntdown again this is easy, cancel visage early and the game is yours. vader will not beat you in a deul ve obi unless he plays a bunch of adders and he will not be able to deul luke with run luke run. I suggest that you dont depoly obi untill you have his stick and a disarmed or a levitation in your hand. your drains will kill him again.

vs mkos not a hard game because they have no space presance and menace fades will kill his hopes of gallid. your forfit to the tank will kill this good destiny but lok out for his insane forfit. you will need close air support, three destinys should kill his forfit.

**things to remember**
1. wys with close air support is broken
2. ill take the leader lets you lose ships to your doc. bay. also it makes his non-chacter-pioleted ships power -2.
3. cantina brawl is nasty.
4. you can play interrupts from the lost pile.
5. artoo & 3po are sick
6. weapon levitation is bad-ass vs and deck with weapons
7. Have fun

Thanks for taking the time to read this, any questions, go to my member page and leave me a message '