---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "choker" Sorrell
title: ! "Clean Up the Mess"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-27
description: ! 'It’s not too often that you see a creative deck that actually works on decktech.  Try this deck out...undefeated so far for me.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'At The Start...
Hidden Base
[Indicator]
Redevous Point
Heading For The Medical Frigate
WA/DODN
Insurrection
Your Insight Serves You Well

Locations...
Endor
Sullust
Kessel
Kiffex
Mon Calamari
Corulag
Hoth DB

Grey...
Concentrate All Fire

White...
Qui-Gon "I’m Your Mama" Jinn
Jedi Luke x2
Boushh
Naked Threepio x2
Artoo

Blue...
X-Wing x11
Spiral
Lando in Falcon

Red...
Rebel Fleet
S-Foils
Seeking an Audience
Legendary Starfighter
Honor of the Jedi
Incom Corporation
Sorry About the Mess x4
OOC/TT x2
Rebel Barrier x2
Hyper Escape
All Wings Report In x2
Organized Attack x3
Houjix/Out of Nowhere
Never Tell Me the Odds
It Could Be Worse

Green...
X-Wing Laser Cannon x2 '

Strategy: '

UPDATE
Yes, ”Sorry About the Mess” should be ”How Did We Get Into This Mess”  I’m stupid....I know.

I’m known for writing LONG strat sections, so I promise to keep this one as short as possible.

I’ve been tweaking with some Hidden Base decks (matching pilots, hidden mains, X-Wing swarm, etc.), and I’ve found this one to be by far the strongest.  This deck, creatively uses How Did We Get Into This Mess? to perfection, allowing you to virtually empty your reserve deck of ships on or near turn three.  It’s such tech  First turn, simply play the systems from your hand and one from your reserve deck (preferably Endor or Sullust) along with the Hoth DB (using Insurrection) and drop all your X-Wings for free to Rendevous Point.  Chaces are you will have either Artoo, one of the two threepios, or Seeking an Audience in hand too.  So drop one of those to the Hoth DB or use the effect to grap either threepio or Artoo.  Now you Mess engine is primed and ready.  If you have the engine ready on the first turn, but you didn’t get a lot of X-Wings just mess for the wings and deploy them for free.  Then moves you wings over for free.  Draw some if you have any force left.  Second turn, drop anything you got left for either dirt cheap or free and then mess again.  Yeah...you might not have many cards in your hand, but both Artoo and Threepio will add a card, making the Mess worth your trouble.

I’ve played this deck for awhile, so I’ve gotten so I generally can flip my objective by turn three cause all my sites are out and almost all my ships.  USUALLY, I don’t flip until the opponent starts putting pressure on me with force drains or space conflict.  The key to your subsequent turns is continuing to Mess, the dropping everything like Rebel Fleet, S-Foil, Incom Corporation, etc.  The only card that I recommend not deploying is Lando in the Falcon (use him to drop on a barriered ship to activate Legendary Starfighter).  Lastly, try to keep your low destiny characters off the table as long as possible to activate Odds.  Seeking an Audince will allow you to pull threepio and artoo, giving you a destiny of nine.  Drop luke on the table and you have an Odds total of 15.  This deck certainly is not Odda based, but I have success dealing 10 quick damage to my opponent with this card.  Combine this with the almost guaranteed retieval of 8 to 9 I get with my wings via All Wings Report In, and you just put your opponent in a large whole.  Use the high drains on Kessel and Kiffex to put the lid on the coffin.

The combination of using threepio every turn and Messing is simply UNBELIEVABLE  Your set up with virtually on your combo cards and helpers three turns faster than any other dark side deck is ready to confront you.  Try this deck, and I promise you won’t be disappointed

Here are some clarifications...  
Why Artoo?
As mentioned earlier, great for Odds and gives me a little monnok protection.  I can’t risk someone taking all of my threepios with a monnok.

What about Maul? 
I must admit...he sucks.  Well, you have a couple of choices.  You can just give up the site and spread you wings.  Or you can stick Jedi Luke in the Spiral or Falcon.  Surprisingly, sticking such a high-priced jedi in a ship is not all that bad when you can cause 20 or so damage with All Wings Report In.

Why no Power Pivot?
Simple, NO ROOM

What about S & D?
Stick Qui-Gon to one of their battle gounds mid-game  (or Jedi Luke or break Boushh’s cover).  Search and Destroy can also usually be handled with Honor for at least a couple of turns since I can grab honor with Insight.

It Coulb Be Worse?
Anti-Podracing Damage and protects me against Secuity Precautions.  Two very good reasons to pack this card


Hope you like this unique deck.  Have fun and enjoy the power of space.  Not much else for me to say...just play like X-Wing swarm.  The only difference with this deck though is you’ll be set up twice as fast as the Dark Side.  Later...

Michael ”the spider monkey” Sorrell    '