---
layout: post
author: ! Martin "Harbinger" Parzonka
title: ! "We are in Attack Position Now  Admiral Harbinger"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-04
description: ! "Rule the galaxy with an iron fist Space is fortified and ground is tight."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting
	 1 Kessel  
	 1 Prepared Defenses
	 1 Imperial Arrest Order  
         1 Mobilization Points  
         1 Oppressive Enforcement  

Locations
	 1 Endor  
         1 Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)  
         1 Kashyyyk  
         1 Mon Calamari  
         2 Spaceport Docking Bay  
         1 Sullust  


Characters
	 1 Admiral Chiraneau  
         1 Admiral Motti  
         1 Admiral Ozzel  
         1 Admiral Piett  
         1 Baron Soontir Fel  
         1 Captain Gilad Pellaeon  
         1 Captain Needa  
         1 Captain Yorr  
         1 Colonel Davod Jon  
         1 Colonel Jendon  
         1 Commander Brandei  
         1 Commander Gherant  
         1 Commander Igar  
         1 Commander Merrejk  
         1 General Tagge  
         1 General Veers  
         1 Grand Admiral Thrawn  
         1 Lieutenant Arnet  
         1 Lieutenant Commander Ardan  
         1 Lord Vader  
         1 Major Turr Phennir  


Vehicles
	 1 Blizzard 1  
         1 Tempest 1  
         1 Tempest Scout 1  


Starships
	 1 Accuser  
         1 Avenger  
         1 Chimaera  
         1 Conquest  
         1 Devastator  
         1 Flagship Executor  
         1 Onyx 1  
         1 Onyx 2  
         1 Saber 1  
         1 Saber 2  
         1 Thunderflare  
         1 Tyrant  


Interrupts
	 2 Imperial Command  
         2 Twi’lek Advisor  


Effects
	 1 Combat Response  
         1 Flagship  
         1 Reactor Terminal 
         1 Something Special Planned For Them  


Admiral’s Orders
	 1 Battle Deployment 
	 1 Fighters Coming In  
	 2 We’re In Attack Position Now  '

Strategy: '

Strategy

When it comes to starting, you can basically choose what you want (One of the benefits of not using an objective, don’t have to deploy specific things, do what you want, how you want, when you want. Anyway there are no space objectives, something which should have come out in D*2, Instead we got Flagship Ops.)
Kessel is the default starting location because your ships deploy cheaply, but if you suspect Mon Calamari Cruisers, you may want to start with Mon Calamari.
The starting effects default to what I’ve listed above, I don’t use the combo card Oppressive Enforcement as it does not add to destiny of capital ships, and only a small number of cards are susceptible to being Sensed or Altered, the foundation of this deck are the Admiral’s Orders (Try Alter that buddy )). 
Anyway as I was saying those are the default starting cards, if you feel more comfortable starting with Combat Response, then do so, start Something Special if you suspect retrieval, this is also a great card because if your opponent is Kessel Running, they will have to use 3 force to move away from Kessel, providing you have a Destroyer there, and why wouldn’t you?

Now to play this deck you will have Merrejk pull all the systems, and Arrest Order pull the docking bays to the systems, the problem here is Ounee Ta could be a threat, but I had no other choice as there are no real docking bays for these systems. If you don’t get Merrejk in your staring hand he is quite simple to get, Imperial Command can pull Piett, who can then pull Merrejk, although you may want to hold on to Piett to pull an Admiral’s Order if the need arises. 

In an ideal situation you will have Piett and Ozzel both sitting at Kessel allowing your Destroyers to deploy -3. 

Generally for most of the game you will want We’re In Attack Position deployed so your opponent is getting direct damage at your sites, another ideal situation is having Commander Brandei at a docking bay, so you have the direct damage happening, plus he can pull a TIE, then you use Combat Response to pull the matching pilot for that TIE.

Battle Deployment will get your vehicles out nice and quick, as well as helping in space. Fighter’s Coming In, pullable by Major Phennir, has almost the same effect as WIAPN, except that it is a force drain bonus, which can be cancelled by cards like Menace Fades, so once again try to have WIAPN out for most of the game.

Flagship is great, having all your ships reacting about for free will make your opponent wary about battling anywhere in space at one of your systems. The systems are all within 2 parsecs of each other so all your ships will have no problem of reacting to each other, even the TIE Interceptors can react because as a part of the react you are able to embark on to a Destroyer, then disembark at the destination. Having all the systems within 2 parsecs of each other is also beneficial for Admiral Chiraneau’s drains. Be careful what Destroyer you deploy Flagship on, you don’t want to lose 12 force for having it on Executor. The best ship to have it on is Accuser, but try keeping that in hand for the react. 

I use Flagship Executor rather than the Dagobah one because it has a better destiny, cheaper deploy, and it still has some immunity to attrition from the Admiral’s Order.

Against Major Decks

Profit Well you will drain for lots in space, I wouldn’t go to them, just stay at your sites and drain, use the AO to add to their losses.

Hidden Base If it’s the X-Wing swarm version, get Fighter’s Coming in deployed, you could also use Battle Deployment if they have no capitals. If the Squadron Assignments type, Battle Deployment will most likely help you out here. Make them lose lots of force on the ground. Lot’s of battling, should be fun.

MWYHL Well with your bonuses gone, you will once again have to rely on WIAPN. By the time they decide to come out and do something, they would have lost a lot of force. 

WYS Might be a good idea to not start with Kessel, and just convert theirs later on. Battle a lot in space and ground, stick to your locations. Something Special Planned is helpful here.

TIGIH Vader is in this deck just for this, don’t want to lose 2 force each turn. You will hold space with an iron fist and drain for fair amounts there. Be careful on the ground, if you pile up on maybe just one site, then you won’t really have to worry about losing any battles.

That is all, thanks for your time.

"Use, play and enjoy the deck, for it is strong, and only the strong will survive."
-Harbinger
'