---
author: Mason "Palleon" Johnson
title: 'Crush the Rebellion'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-12
description: 'Hunt Down that Drains, Battles, Duels, and Wins.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting(9)
Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi / Their Fire Has Gone Out of the Universe
Epic Duel
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Executor: Holotheatre
Visage of the Emperor
Prepared Defenses
Crush the Rebellion
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points

Characters(19)
Lord Vader x3
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x2
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand x2
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
The Emperor x2
Janus Greejatus x2
Sim Aloo
Prince Xizor
Guri
Dengar with Blaster Carbine 
Grand Admiral Thrawn
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle

Starships(4)
Chimaera
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Boba Fett in Slave One

Interrupts(14)
I Have You Now x2
Vaders Obsession x2
The Circle is Now Complete x2
You Are Beaten x2
Focused Attack x2
Masterful Move x2
Weapon Levitation
Sniper & Dark Strike

Effects(7)
Presense of the Force x2
Visage of the Emperor 
No Escape
Something Special Planned For Them
Reactor Terminal

Vechicles(1)
Blizzard 2

Weapons(3)
Darth Vaders Lightsaber
Vader’s Lightsaber
Mara Jades Lightsaber

Locations(4)
Death Star: Docking Bay 327
Cloud City: East Platform (Docking Bay)
Coruscant: Docking Bay
Rendili 

Strategy: 

Playing: Start by Pulling the Death Star: DB and Rendili then save your force for a turn unless you have a presense then deployh it on the Death Star: Docking Bay. Then Deploy Vader on the Death Star Docking Bay and pull Cloud City: Docking Bay
If you get Vaders lightsaber deploy it on him. To set up a drain for three at the DS: DB. Next turn Drain for three, don’t forget to make them lose form Visage. Next turn Drain and Pull the Coruscant: Docking Bay. Deploy Mara and Her saber there and a presnse if you have it and reinforce vader and mara. you’ll be dishing out 7 force loss per turn. Next turn Get Emperor and Janus down for another drain of 1 at the Coruscant Docking Bay. If the emperor or vader gets attacks pull a I Have You Now to help them out. after a turn or two, use transit to go battles, and duel them. With all of your battling and dueling interrupts you’ll win you battles and Duels easy if you do everything right. No matter what you are playing against basically fallow this method. THere are a few variation against certain decks, but Hunt Down is pretty easy to play, so you shouldn’t have mush trouple adpating to certain deck types. 

Thanks for Reading and Reviewing! 