---
layout: post
author: ! Mason "Palleon" Johnson
title: ! "Evil Deception"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-23
description: ! "This deck schools my local tournament players, well most of the time. It wins and i’m lovin it."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'
Objective(1)

Set Your Couse For Alderaan/I have the Ultimate Power

Characters(21)

Jabba the Hutt
Mighty Jabba
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle x2
IG-88 with Riot Gun
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle x2
Dengar with Blaster Carbine
Mara Jade, The Emperors Hand x2
Snoova x2
Prince Xizor
Guri
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba x2
Jodo Kast
Ephant Mon
Boelo
Bib Fortuna
Djas Puhr

Starships(5)

Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Dengar in Punishing One
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Virago
IG-88 in IG-2000

Interrupts(10)

Imperial Barrier x2
None Shall Pass x2
Ghhhk & TRWEU
Twi’lek Advisor
Prepared Defenses
Sniper & Dark Strike
Contol & Set For Stun x2

Effects(11)

Scum & Villiany x2
Power of the Hutt
TINT & OE
Mobilization Points
First Strike
Hutt Influence
No Bargain
Search and Destroy
Disarmed x2

Locations(10)

Jabba’s PalaceAudience Chamber
Jabba’s PalaceLower Passages
Jabba’s PalaceEntrance Cavern
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace x3
Death Star
Death Star Docking Bay
Death Star War Room
Carida

Weapons(2)

Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
Vibro axe '

Strategy: '

The Set Up Start SYCFA, Death Star, Death Star Docking Bay, and Alderaan. Then use prepared defense to put down your three effects. These are usually No Bargain, Power of the Hutt, and Mobilization Points, but they can vary depending on your what your opponet is playing. If you are expecting SAC or playing a BHBM start TINT & OE to totally kill their SAC. This deck occupie three pattle grounds easy so you dont have to worry about Honor of the Jedi. If you think your opponet is playing a deck that revolves around retrieval you may want to start Secret Plans to stop them in their tracks. This is a solid start it gives you good activation and good cards to work with.

The Exposition Pull Carida with Mob Points and Death Star War Room with SYCFA to add a bunch to your activation. If you have Tatooine Jabba’s Palace deploy it and pull out the Audience Chamber and then pull your Alien with it’s game text. If you don’t have it when you search your reseve deck for Carida check if how many copies are in your reserve deck and you’ll know if ones in your Force Pile, but before drawing for it pull Ephant Mon, Boelo, Bib, or Hutt Influence with Power of the Hutt. Your early game activation is great you will have no worries with any so called "force choke" decks. You could be activating numbers in excess of 15 on your second turn. Use none shall pass and Barrier to keep them out of the Palace while you set up. Get Sum and Villiany Going and Watch for Beatdowns.

The Climax Once your esablished don’t let them cancel Scum and Villiainy. Use First Strike and S & V to retrieve force while striking your opponet where possible. Use Search and Desroy and Drains to slow your opponent way down. You can also use the Hunter’s ships to battle in space or just take a chunk out of the opponets reseve deck by draining at Carida.Use Mara and a crew of Hunter to crush your opponet of the table. Use your tricks and your opponent wont have much left to work with.

The Resoulution Drain, Retrieve, and Battle your opponent to death. If you excuted your plan right you should be fine and your opponets life force should be completely depleted.

How the Tools Work?

Control & Set For StunYou can cancel oppponets SAC or a peky drain of 5. You can stun your opponets characers back to their hand. Great Card I never leave home without it.

Barrier and None Shall Pass these retrict the opponets ability to deploy and beat you down on your own turf. Also they are recyclable destiny 4 and 5’s.

Entrance Cavern A ggod place to hide from beatdowns. Solid Jabbb’s Palace site. Bib deploys free and Gives you a bit more activation.

Twi’lek Advisor Grab S & V easy or if you alrady have it grab something else you need.

Great Cards

Now the Deck Matchups

Mains This deck is a tough match. Use Barrier, No Bargain, and None Shall Pass to make their mains useless at the palace. If they can’t break into the Palace make sure to build up your forces before they decide to move in. Don’t let them Cancel Scum and Villiany and battle them at their weakest poinst. Use search and destroy’s direct damagae and Gailid’s drains to deplete your opponents force. Use your ships to kill them in Space. Guri and Xizor are a machine destiny adders won’t work what can mains do they can’t drain. If mains can win battles they can’t win. Fun game.

RST This deck is very diffuclt if you can battle them early and take over their sites before they get close air support established. If an oppurtunity knock kill them at endor. If you and manage good retrival, drains, and battles you can win.

MWYHL Get your drains poending them early before Test 1 is completed. Use search and Destroy and Battle them if they use charcters away from Dagobah. If you know you are going to get killed fill up the Hounds Tooth and land on the planet with a bet down crew and kill yoda and Luke. Watch for On the Edge. A tough game, but it can be done if you play smart.

EBO Get your drains established quick and Battle him in space and Invade Echo Base. Can cancel Echo Ops and his drains are nothing. Retrieve and use direct damage. If he come to you with amins kill him.

PROFIT Convert their starting locations and take the palace for yourself. Don’t let them into the palace to get han. Battle like a champ and drain a ton and retieve. Mara and Crew are unstopable. Easy game, btu dont get careless.

TIGIH Kill luke and drain away battle themin their weakest locations and retrieve. Dont let them take over the palace. Use Use mara, crew, and tricks to kill your opponent quick. Don’t worry these aen’t very popular anyway.

Well thanks for Reding I hope you liked it. This type of deck is fun to play and powerful.

Mason (J)
'