---
layout: post
author: ! Bill "TacoBill" Kafer
title: ! "A Little Rough My Left Nut (WYS racing  no R3)"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-10-20
description: ! 'My undefeated WYS racing deck. It’s a beast (well until R3).'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (9)
1x Podrace Prep
1x Tatooine Podrace Arena
1x Anikin&#8217;s Podracer
1x Boonta Eve Podrace
1x Squadron Assignments
1x Tatooine Docking Bay
1x Tatooine Cantina
1x Tatooine (Cor)
1x Watch Your Step

Characters (16)
1x Chewbacca, Protector
1x Dash Rendar
2x Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
1x Lando With Blaster Pistol
1x Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
1x Luke With Lightsaber
2x Melas
1x Mirax Terrik
1x Murr Danod
1x Phylo Gandish
1x Talon Karrde
1x Theron Nett
1x Threepio With His Parts Showing
1x Wedge Antillies

Starships (4)
1x Outrider
1x Pulsar Skate
1x Red 10
1x Red Squadron 1

Weapons (2)
1x Intruder Missile
1x Luke&#8217;s Lightsaber

Effects (7)
1x A Tragedy Has Occured
1x Battle Plan & Draw Their Fire
1x Honor of the Jedi
1x Menace Fades
1x Revolution
2x Tatooine Celebration

Interrupts (19)
1x A Few Maneuvers
2x A Step Backward
2x Control & Tunnel Vision
1x Dodge
1x Fallen Portal
2x Lost In The Wilderness
2x On The Edge
2x Out Of Comission & Transmission
	Terminated
1x Shocking Information & Grimtaash
1x The Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach
2x Too Close For Comfort
2x We Wish To Board At Once

Locations (2)
1x Coruscant Jedi Council Chamber
1x Kessel

Epic Events (1)
1x I Did It
'

Strategy: '

This is my undefeated WYS Racing deck. It*s currently 6-0. It will have it&#8217;s last tournament this Sunday, and I*ll let you know how it does. For now, this deck is a beast. If you have nothing else to play before Ref3, try it, you*ll like it.

Some card choices 

Edge Main retrival aside from podrace. Only used when there are characters or effects yo want back because WYS plays the interrupts. Also good for getting rid of the ROC combo. 

Podracing IMO, I Dit It is the best card in the game. This deck has never lost a podrace. The destinies are insane, and you can cycle back the high ones with Mirax and 3P0. 2 ASB, 2 Too Close, and 2 Board help you win the race with ease. Make sure to save even if Secret Plans isn&#8217;t out, because that&#8217;s usually when it comes out. 

Melas x2 Tat Maul can be a pain, and he&#8217;s one of 3 characters in the deck that can battle him. 

Mirax and 3P0 They are my best friends. The abilty to cycle 2 cards through the deck every turn is huge. They&#8217;re also great for tracking for Edges or for the podrace. 

Lost In The Wilderness This card is great also. Get rid of Vader in a Huntdown, Xizor in AOBS, Maul, Palpy, or any lone main holding a site. And with the destiny of this deck, you&#8217;re garaunteed to make someone go missing. 

Celebration x2 I found that Masterful Move combo is a pain, and is in most decks, so if they cancel your first, play another and retrieve the first one. 

Some cards I had in here, but they had to go Jedi&#8217;s Resilience
A second Dodge
R-3P0
RFC
I&#8217;ll Take The Leader (AO)
X-Wing Laser Cannon
Rebel Artillery


ISB If they stick 5D6 at an exterior site, drain for 0, cancel it with Lost In The Wilderness, and make the annoying droid go hungry. Otherwise, Mess him. Once you get rid of him, you should have an easier time. ISB is not an easy match-up,
espeically if its the Walkers. Then, you have to make sure to keep Menace Fades in effect, and watch out for the Black Sun AO. Your race damage/retrival, Celebration, and Edge retrival should be enough to outlast them. 

Hunt Down If they are racing, you&#8217;ll most likely win. Get out HotJedi fast so they have to lose to Visage while you laugh at them. When they get No Escape, use one of your OOC&TTs to cancel
during their move phase. Lost In The Wilderness is huge. 

Senate Your toughest match-up. Try to get BP/DTF out early and Revo their main force generation (usually Maul&#8217;s Site or the Bridge). Play smart, and try to avoid beatdown situations. You will
usually win, but it can be tough.

BHBM Use EPP Luke to suicide a few times before givng Jedi Luke to Vader about 4th or 5th turn. Lost in the Wilderness is huge again. The constant
loss of force from their objective and your drains shold be enogh to beat them. Try to avoid beatdowns again so you don&#8217;t have to stack.

AOBS Make Xizor missing, or go kill him. If he&#8217;s with a big group, drop Jedi Luke in the Cantina with 2-3 smugglers for forefit. If they are racing, you&#8217;ll win the race. Should be a pretty easy matchup. 

Brangus Drain for three at their D*. Win the race, because this deck has never lost one. Drain for a bunch more that them. Edge the ROC combo away and you should be fine.

Watto Get HotJedi and start losing 2 each turn so their cards go back and you don&#8217;t lose any. If they get around Honor, it*s usually smart to lose 2 anyway. Take one of the EPPs and kill Watto, because when I have played this deck, he is
usually alone. You can also Revo Watto*s Junkyard so they draw no destiny.

That*s about all I really enconter in my area, so I guess I*m done. If you have any questions, D-Mail me before reviewing please. also, if in Coruscant region, join Team IBMW. Thanks for
reading.

'