---
layout: post
author: ! Chris "vader69" Seymour
title: ! 'Hunt Down And Destroy All The Holograms v2'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-09-09
description: ! 'Get Vader out, win the podrace, duel, counter assault and battle.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (10)
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi
Executor Holotheatre
Visage Of The Emperor
Executor Meditation chamber
Epic Duel
start your engines
tatooine podrace arena
sebulba`s podracer 
boonta eve podrace
watto`s box

Characters (14)
EPP Vader x4
Mara Jade x2
Emperor palpatine x3
Darth Maul x2
Chokk
U-3PO
Keder The Black

Locations (1)
Imperial Holotable

Weapons (1)
Mara Jade`s Lightsaber

Effects (9)
Visage Of The Emperor x2
Drop
No Escape
Secret plans
you cannot hide forever
The Phantom Menace
There`ll be hell to pay x2

ships (3)
Bossk in hound tooth
Boba fett in slave 1
Zuckuss in mist hunter

Interrupts (22)
Masterful Move x3
Vader`s Obsession x3
The Circle Is Now Complete x2
Never Yalnal x2
Ommni Box/It`s Worse
Podracer Collision x2
Maul Strikes
Focused Attack
Holonet Transmission
Monnok
Force Lightning 
Counter assault x2
Twi`lek advisor x2 '

Strategy: '

PLEASE READ BEFORE REVIEWING
To start with you need vader to flip your objective, with a few other characters, namely mara jade for never yalnal interrupt that gets rid of opponent spys. Start getting holograms or dejarik`s to the holotable, play the counter assaults if you can. Start dueling obi wan and luke make them lose force. Start the podrace a couple of turns in if the opponent doesn`t.

Against WYS
Get Vader down to a battleground and duel luke. Be weary if it is a jedi luke with a lightsaber-get focused attack. Grab the opponent`s racing interrupt. Win the podrace, battle duel counter assault and drain. The Emperor will handle the likes of chewie.

Against Hyperdrive
Get Vader down to battleground and duel obi wan. If They start to deploy senators on the ground the emperor will lightning them. Lightsabers will cut forfeit, grab the interrupt stay here where it`s safe if they play it. They lose force from viasge, drain, battle and win the podrace.

Against HB and EBO all space
Get your characters down to the north ridge on ebo or podrace arena on hb. They loose direct damage from visage, you win the podrace, retrieve 11 force. play the counter assaults on the x-wings if they play them.

WHY? no battle ground, because if the opponent doesn`t play them then they will lose force every single turn from visage and drains and the podrace.

Against a defensive dagobah deck
get charcters to podrace arena they won`t have anybody at a battleground they loose force from visage, you win the podrace, grab interrupts like visored vission.ok you loose force from anger fear aggression but you retrieve it and they will lose by then.


Card Choices

Force Lightning-obvious to get rid of opponents charcters easily.

Never Yalnal-to get rid of opponents spys like corran horn or lando with vibro ax.

holonet transmission-stop them cancelling visage

Drop-gets cards in used pile every control phase even OPPONENTS and it acts like a self monnok.

The Phantom Menace-destiny 7 and makes maul immune to attrition.

There`ll Be Hell To Pay-grab`s important interrupts like a step backward and out of commision.

'