---
layout: post
author: ! John "jpvz" Veasey
title: ! "ISB on Ice"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-24
description: ! "The deck I took to states, I’ve been playing it for a while. It sets up the lock of Decree plus an ISB agent on their planet to seriously reduce their drains."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'ISB tough 1.5.deck - Tue Apr 24 160501 2001


Locations
Carida 
Coruscant Docking Bay 
Coruscant Imperial Square (SL)
Hoth Defensive Perimeter 
Hoth Echo Docking Bay 
Hoth Ice Plains 
Yavin 4 Docking Bay 

Characters (19)
5D6-RA-7 (Fivedesix)  x2
Admiral Ozzel 
Captain Jonus 
Chall Bekan 
Colonel Wullf Yularen 
Commander Igar 
Commander Merrejk 
Commander Nemet 
Corporal Oberk 
Darth Vader 
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith 
General Veers 
Grand Moff Tarkin 
Guri 
Lieutenant Arnet 
Lt. Pol Treidum 
Officer Evax 
Outer Rim Scout 

Vehicles (5)
Blizzard 1 
Blizzard 2 
Blizzard Walker 
Tempest 1 
Tempest Scout 1 

Starships (4)
Boba Fett In Slave I 
Chimaera 
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser 
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 

Effects (11)
Blast Door Controls 
Imperial Arrest Order (SE 2)
Imperial Decree 
Mobilization Points (SE 1)
Presence Of The Force 
Search And Destroy 
Secret Plans 
There Is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement 
There’ll Be Hell To Pay  x2
Undercover 

Interrupts (13)
Endor Occupation 
Imperial Barrier 
Imperial Command  x2
Nevar Yalnal  x2
Prepared Defenses (SI)
Shocking Revelation  x2
Trample  x2
Twi’lek Advisor  x2

Objective
ISB Operations/Empire’s Sinister Agents


Start Decree against EBO decks, Secret Plans against WYS and the combo aginst everything else. 
'

Strategy: '

Well since everyone else is puttining it up, I’ll tell you that this deck helped me get 6th at the Ohio State Championship.

Well the only two loses for this deck have been aginst Jamie Abel, with two ”non-standard” Tatooine decks, both utilizing Monks and Underworld Contacts. The Decree plus agent lock is very hard to beat. It just kills EBO decks and does a number on most decks that concentrate on one planet. It beat a good WYS deck by close to 20 and an EBO deck by 35. Read my TR for more details.

This deck flips quick usualy withing 2 to 3 turns. It can be a slow deck becasue it cant always get out what it wants and Battle Plan and/or Menace Fades/JT1 slows it down tremendously. But while you are not doing much, neither is the opponent. Right now if you are not going all out space for the DS, then you just might be walking into a deathtrap. So the ships I have only go to space if I have to, say Ozzel+Chimerea+Imp Command. Walkers prevent all kinds of nasty stuff like fallen portal, lightsabers and Lost in the Wilderness. Plus trampling is not hard with this deck, track your Imp Command/shock/twilek and you can step on anyone who is not a Jedi or Skywalker (and even some of them). Nevar Yanal is so money. He eliminates all kinds of problem chacteres like Lando w/axe, Horn, Blount and the undercover mains. Why the Vaders? Well DLOTS is like trample, even better if you combine the two. And old skool DV because its all I got, except for EPP DV w/saber and his ability works nice with this deck. Someone has to pick up that stupid Jedi against TIGIH, might as well be him. And in case you didn’t see from the character selection, I hate reacts for the opponent and Merrejek and Arnet earned their slots with big time play in one of my games.

Thats about it, not your standard big blue ISB but it certainly does the job. Just rember to retrive one of the Empire’s Sinster Agents every turn. Keep laying the smack down, its the rare deck that can outlast this deck.

Comments and questions appreciated

Thanks 

John    '