---
author: Mason "Palleon" Johnson
title: 'New Age Imperial Occupation v.2.0'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-03
description: 'Take Yavin 4 and Hold it with an iron fist. Raw beatdown power.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting(7)

Imperial Occupation
Prepared Defenses
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
There is not Try & Oppressive Enforcement
Yavin 4: Swamp
Yavin 4

Admiral’s Orders(1)

1x Battle Deployment

Characters(15)

2x Emperor Palpatine
1x 4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
1x Admiral Chiraneau
1x Admiral Piett
1x Captain Godherdt
1x Captain Sarkli
2x Commander Igar
2x Darth Vader With Lightsaber
1x Grand Admiral Thrawn
1x Captain Gilead Pealleon
1x General Veers
1x Prince Xizor

Effects(9)

1x Battle Order
1x Imperial Decree
1x Lateral Damage
2x Rebel Base Occupation
1x Secret Plans
1x Bad Feeling Have I
1x There Is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement
1x Overseeing it Personally

Interrupts(9)
2x Imperial Command
1x Masterful Move
2x Trample
2x Twi’lek Advisor
2x Presense of the Force

Locations(8)
1x Yavin 4: Jungle
1x Yavin 4: Docking Bay
1x Dagobah: Cave
1x Death Star II: Docking Bay
1x Executor: Docking Bay
1x Hoth: Ice Plains
1x Desert
1x Jungle

Starships(4)
1x Chimaera
1x Bossk in Hounds Tooth
1x Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
1x Executor

Vehicles(7)
1x Blizzard 1
1x Blizzard 2
1x Tempest Scout 3
1x Tempest 1
1x Tempest Scout 5
2x Dune Walker


Strategy: 

 
Basics:

Its a very basic deck with lots of its worth based on the player playing it, and his/her
feelfor timing. You always start Mob Points and IAO and Pull the Exectutor before
drawingyour hand. The third effect is totally dependant on what the opponents deck
looks like.There is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement is a very stable card and good all
aroundeffect against any deck so it is the default. Grab your desert and a DB on the first
turn.Drop any of the sites you drew in your first hand. Drop a duece(2 ability scrub guy)
at the DB. If you dont get one you want to drop, you should get Imperial Command to
grab Thrawn. Set up your base at Yavin, pulling all the DBs, laying Executor with Piett
on the system, and deploy ground forces as desired. Rebel Base Occupation and drain damage will do in the opponent quicker than you might think. You can obviously hold 3
battle grounds easily, so Honor should never be a problem to your RBO direct damage.
Once Piett is outyou can grab either Igar for ground pounding, or Battle Deployment for
destiny restrictionand flopping out remaining walkers. Usually you draw one of them with
the rediculous amounts of force you get. Anyway, on to the specifics:

Profit: Speed profit gets killed because you out damage them, and you can Trample Han if he dares make the jump over. 4-Lom is a great Ben ender, he gets annoying. Once you get Battle
Deployment out there you are the one drawing multiple destinies(Igar and Veers on with
Tempest 1 or Blizzard Walker, use Imp Command grab 3 destiny, cause a redraw of a
destiny in the battle,) while they are drawing one, and one only. If UberFalcon comes to,
just spin a Imp Command to make them only draw a single destiny(Admiral Piett,
Chinareux, or Thrawn) You draw Executor in your first hand. You have Imperial Commands. HB dies here. This is the deck I thought I would
have the most trouble with, so I added the SP. No fear of HB now. EBO: Does this ever
win? Drop Decree and infiltrate, use Imp Commands + Lateral Damage to win in space,
drop forces onto yavin for easy damage, Battle Order annihilates them, especially in the
case of an early 5th marker.

TIGIH: Drop an character onto the docking bay. Does anyone else realize that they activate 4 lees cards the first turn, that almost always eats their lunch,just get Vader down to Yavin as soon as you can, just watch your reserve deck when you look through it to see if he is in the force pile. Eloms are getting more and more popular,so are Tramples. 3 does the trick effectively.

Mains: Just get your SAC killers ready, and
make tough, you have more space power because you can deal with the SuperFalcon, and
you dont have to sure they dont draw multiple destinies. Not very worry about them
dropping Ben and parking him at the Desert too often. Just keep those walkers alive with
the fodder characters, and keep that Occupation damage flowing.

MWYHL: Well the first test doesnt do a whole lot against you. Neither does the SA plus 4 crap. Or the Battle Plan. Hmmm, the Falcon is taken care of. Drop secret plans, and by the time they think
about flipping, you have damaged them so much they might not even have enough force to
retrieve. Oh yeah, they give you 2 force a turn already, dont spend it all in one place. Just
play the deck, it only gets better, never worse. My only complaint about the deck is there
is no form of regeration, so it rarely wins by more than 25 or so. I am spoiled with all of
these TIE variants, SFS is so much fun, while not as balanced. I think this deck is balanced
enough to get the job done. And it has. I have not lost with it, and it has beaten my
A-string light deck while in the hands of my playtesters against me. I know its a strong
deck, tell me what YOU think.

If you can get palpy and OIP it’s great and don’t forget the mains and Ounee Ta protection with Bad Feeling. Thrawn is the man and so is this deck.

Thanks for reading and reviewing. 
New and Improved, and wins like a champ. 