---
layout: post
author: Karim "kjedi" Jetha
title: 'Forget Reality'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-09
description: 'Waking Up is Hard to Do'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Start
Endor
Operational As Planned
Imperial Arrest Order (use desprate counter if you suspect heavy air)
DS2
Moff Jerjerrod

	Locations
Fondor
Sullust
DS2: Docking Bay
Kashyyyk
Kiffex
Wakeelmui
DS2: Reactor Core
DS2: Coolant Shaft
DS2: Capacitors

	People
Arica
U-3P0

	Random Cards
Fighter Cover -AO
That Thing’s Operational -EE

	Green Cards
Restraining Bolt
SFS L-s9.3 Laser Cannons (x3)

	Boats
Boba Fett in Slave I
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
Empy’s Sword
Empy’s Shield
Death Star Assult Squadron
Scythe Squad TIE x2
TIE Interceptor x7

	FX
We Shall Double our Efforts
Come Here You Big Coward
Moby Points
Desprate COunter
Secret Plans
Sinear Fleet Systems
There Is No Try/Oppressive Enforecement
Something Special Planned for Them
Lateral Damage

	More Red
All Power to Weapons x5
Twi’lek Advisor x5
Operational As Planned
I Can’t Shake Him
Gravity Shadow
Ghhhk & Those Rebels won’t Escape Us
Short Range Fighter 

Strategy: 

 
Okay, this deck is fun as hell to play, because the opponent never knows what your doing until they’re taking 10-15 damage per turn.

Start your jank, and laugh at the opponent because your hand starts out with one more card than him AND he has no idea what you’re playing.
If they start Strike Planning, don’t worry, all it does it put you one turn back.
My strat assumes strike planning isn’t on table.

Oh yea, and when you start, say, "I don’t have one of those new objective cards, I just have a starting Location." 

Turn One.
Deploy IAO, DS2.
Pull a Docking Bay.
Deploy Moff Jerry to the DS2 Docking Bay.
If the opponent gave you lots of force, twilek for Mob. Points
say, "may the force be with you"

Next Turn, Get Wakeelmui with mob points, find sinear fleet systems.  you’d be screwed if they grab Twilek, but no one does.

DS2 should be complete at end of turn 3.  
Hopefully, by then, so should the TIE platform.
And Hopefully, some more systems, too. (This deck was built before I aquired Cmd. Merrejk)

Move the DS2 to a system (Wakeelmui if you have to) and drain there, and Endor.  More systems will come, and you retreive a lot.
We shall double... makes the damage WORSE than Visage.  No Escape is not included, cause it’s easy to occupy 3 BG’s.
This deck can dish it out, and pretty quick.

My only sanctioned losses with this deck were to a WYS podracing deck. (not only does I Did It! plus First Strike kill ties, but I lost Wakeelmui off the Top--crap for luck)
and an EBO Y Wing, spread and drain for twenty ebo deck.  (That was a closer game-detailed in my Geneva TR)
so I’ve gone 4 wins 2 losses with this deck... It’s not an astounding record, but I’ve had fun playing it... Try it, and i’m sure you will too...

If you don’t know how to play TIE decks, look at Seth Van Winkle’s Page.  He pretty much Originated SYCFA TIES, and he’s good with them...

D-mail me/E-mail me (kjedi@juno.com) or IM me (jedimanjetha) for answers to your questions.......

Karim ’kjedi’ Jetha 