---
layout: post
author: ! doug "froggy" ford
title: ! 'cct dark deal'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-24
description: ! 'use carbon chamber testing to get off a quick dark deal. then drain with bounty huters'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'STARTING (9 cards)
carbon chamber testing / my favorite decoration
cloud city securtity tower
cloud city carbonite chamber
jabbas prize
carbonite chamber console
prepared defenses
mobilization points
all wrapped up
secret plans

LOCATIONS (7 cards)
bespin cloud city x2
jabba’s palace audience chamber
tattoine docking bay 94
cloud city east platform (docking bay)
cloud city upper plaza corridor
cloud city interrogation room

INTERRUPTS (8 cards)
twi’lek advisor x2
sniper x2
jabba’s through with you x2
none shall pass x2

EFFECTS (6 cards)
bounty x2
reactor terminal
bad feeling have I
dark deal
insignificant rebellion

WEAPONS (4 cards)
vaders lightsaber
mara jades lightsaber
zuckus’s snare rifle
feltipern trevagg’s stuin rifle

DEVICES (5 cards)
binders x5

STARSHIPS (1 card)
executor

CHARACTERS (20 cards)
darth vader, dark lord of the sith x2
mara jade, the emporers hand x2
grand moff tarkin x2
lando calrissian
jabba the hutt
m’iiyoom onith
4-lom with concussionr rifle
ig-88 with riot gun
bossk with mortar gun
dengar wiuth blaster carbine
boba fett 
guri
zuckuss
djas puhr
jodo kast
bane malar
ree-yees
'

Strategy: '

start be deploying the east platform and lando from reserve deck.  if you are really lucky yuo’ll draw zuckuss in yer opening hand and have himescort the captive he is the best for that. with his abilkity to move away as a react. from this point deploy docking bay 94 and the audience chamber from reserve deck. and us the audince chamber to pull m’iiyoom noith. use his game text to kill off all of yer opponets unique males. once you flip the objective occupy cloud city site and use the game text of mobilization points to get executor from reserve deck. adnd eploy it to bespin cloud ciuty and deploy dark deal. never move the executor. infact you will rpobally lose it ina battle if neccesary. all you need it for is to control bespin cloud city long enough to deploy dark deal. at this point drain at cloud city. use boba fett to pull of huge bounty’s for some nice force retrieval. and use snipers to capture them. give feltipern trevaggs stun rifle to jodo kast. if they are a target of a bounty he will add 4 to the destiny and he fires for free.
trhe weapons in this deck will make any battle a quick and easy fight. im thinijg of throwing in the prophetess for even more force retrieval. i put binders inbecause they are the best bounty huter card. first of all there destiny 6. plus they will let you escort any amount of captives. and those are crucial with the weapons in this deck. i figured why worry about defensive card when i have bounty’s to get me force retrieval. along with the objective retieving me a force every trun '