---
author: Cameron "boba fett 35" Kozal
title: 'No Character Hidden Base'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-10-20
description: 'This s a very easy to make and cheap deck . When you get your five locations out, you should already have a stash of starships. You need to get haven out (you can achieve this by tunnel visions or drawing). deploy your x-wings for free there and spread ou'
rating: 2.0
---
Cards: 

Locations(7)
kessel x2(hidden)
rendezvous point(start)
malastare
ralltir
yavin 4
sullest

characters(5)
R2-D2
R2-X2 x2
R5-D4
Luke With Lightsaber

starships(21)
X-wings x15
Gold Leader in Gold one
Red Leader in Red one
Red squadron X-wing x15
Gold squardon Y-Wing
X-Wing assault Squadron

Interrupts(12)
control & Tunnel Vision
0ut of nowhere x3
It could be worse x2
first aid
Artoo, I have a bad feeling about this
Full Throttle
This is all your fault
All wings report in & Darklighter spin
The signal(start)

Effects(13)
Rebel Fleet(start)
What are you trying to push on us?
A vergence in the force
Civil Disorder
Haven
projection of a skywalker
Crash Site Memorial
Legendary Starfighter
Docking and Repair Facilities
Traffic Control
Mantellian Savrip
Special Modifications
Kessel Run

podracers(1)
Anikans podracer

Objective(1)
Hidden Base/
Systems will slip through your fingers


Strategy: 

This deck is simple, stop force drains with your objective and rebel fleet. If you put haven on your hidden base, the other side will not be able to probe you. Your x-wings will deploy for free there! the Docking and repair effect will be like a bacta tank for ships.The civil disorder is a must in this deck, because you have so many starships, continue to deploy them and it will make them deploy a card with ability or lose 2, which eventually will kill them. I usually wait to deploy too many starships before i flip so i can get cards in my hand(because the interrupts are very useful in this deck.) Since all the starfighters have over 3 manuever, you basically can add one battle destiny every battle! and not to mention that you can add a battle destiny at the spot of haven. Because i have seen many decks that continueally use one kind off interrput to retrieve, i put what are you tryin to push on us to grab them. The ”vergeance in the force” will be a backup just in case you cant block there force drains, you wil limit them to 1. I put Luke in there for safety precation(hunt down.) I hope you like my deck design and take in into account when making your own hidden base deck!  