---
layout: post
author: ! Peter "jeeps" Jacobson
title: ! "Jeeps Garrison of  DOOM"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-19
description: ! 'This Walker Garrison deck was designed as an anti-EBO deck.  I have always wanted to make one.  Now that I have, I am curious as to what might make it better.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Admiral’s Orders (1)
   1x Battle Deployment

Characters (14)
   1x 4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
   1x Admiral Motti
   1x Admiral Ozzel
   1x Admiral Piett
   1x Captain Gilad Pellaeon
   1x Commander Igar
   2x Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
   2x General Veers
   1x Grand Admiral Thrawn
   1x Grand Moff Tarkin
   1x Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
   1x Prince Xizor

Effects (6)
   1x Battle Order
   1x Imperial Arrest Order
   1x Imperial Decree
   1x Rebel Base Occupation
   1x Search And Destroy
   1x There Is No Try & Opp. Enforcement

Interrupts (17)
   1x Combat Readiness
   1x Imperial Barrier
   4x Imperial Command
   1x Prepared Defenses
   2x Trample
   3x Twi’lek Advisor
   5x Walker Garrison

Locations (10)
   1x Executor Docking Bay
   1x Hoth
   1x Hoth Defensive Perimeter
   1x Hoth Echo Command Center 
   1x Hoth Echo Corridor
   1x Hoth Echo Docking Bay
   1x Hoth Ice Plains
   1x Hoth Mountains
   1x Hoth North Ridge
   1x Hoth Wampa Cave

Starships (4)
   1x Chimaera
   1x Dengar In Punishing One
   1x Executor
   1x Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Vehicles (6)
   1x Blizzard 1
   1x Blizzard Scout 1
   4x Imperial Walker

Weapons (2)
   1x Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
   1x Vader’s Lightsaber
'

Strategy: '

Now I have to convince you that this deck can work.  Okay.

I play tested a prototype of this deck over the weekend, but not extensively, against an EBO deck.  It got its head handed to it on a platter.  Afterwards, I realized that A) I let my opponet start with one too many Hoth Locations (If markers 4-7 are already on the table when the Hoth Shields are out, opponent can’t search for an additional site) B) I need force to get my heavy equipment out, and C) it had none of the cards needed for an Anti-EBO deck.  SO it was back to the drawing board and this is what I came up with.

Against, EBO, I start the 5th Marker.  It gives me 2 force and none to my opponent.  With this out, the LS gets only one force Icon to start and it become easier to reach him and knock out his control of three Echo Sites (or occupying five for me).  I also use one of my THREE starting intetupts, Prepared Defenses, to get out the effects, IAO, TINT/OE, and Imp. Decree.  I then begin setting up with my Imp. Commands and Walker Garrions and working to occupy and dominate Hoth.

If the LS isn’t playing EBO, then I start with Hoth and use Combat readiness to pull the 3rd Marker for added force drainage and activation early.  I then use my signals to pull effects as I need them.  Rebel Base Occupation with two or three Echo sites is tough.  

Now, for the ”issues” of the deck.  I have problems getting the sites I need.  With IAO, I can get my docking bays out, but the other sites rely on me to draw them.  The other problem is, the cost of my characters to drawing cards ratio is very slim.  I mean, if I activate 6 force on the second turn, I can only deploy one character or vehicle and then can only draw two cards.  At that rate, I won’t get the cards I need very quickly.  Any suggestions would be helpful.  Normally, I might draw the first few turns JUST to get sites into my hand, then set up, but against, EBO, that would be too slow.

IT’s a pretty straight forward deck.  Please tell me what you think.

Peter ’jeeps’ Jacobson  '