---
layout: post
author: John "1ManScanCrew" Camp
title: 'TTO!  The New Balance of Power'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-13
description: 'I*ve got a feeling about this deck.  The generation is good AND reliable.  This is the REAL ultimate power in the universe.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (8):
Endor Operations/ Imperial Outpost
Endor:  Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Endor:  Bunker
Endor
Operational as Planned (lost)
Moff Jerjerrod  (In hand)
Death Star II  (In hand)
Desperate Counter (In hand)
Locations (6):
	Death Star II:  Coolant Shaft
	Death Star II:  Capacitors
	Death Star II:  Reactor Core
	Death Star II:  Docking Bay
Kashyk
	Sullest
Sharships (9):
	Flagship Executor
	Chimera
	Devastator
	Vengeance
	Avenger
	Conquest
	Saber 1
	Scythe 3
	Tie Interceptor
Vehicles (2):
	Blizzard 2
	Tempest 1
Characters (13):
	Admiral Piet
	Commander Merrejk
	Grand Admiral Thrawn
	Admiral Chiraneau
	Baron Soontir Fel
	Lt. Hebsley
	Commander Igar
	General Veers
	Darth Vader w/ Lightsaber x2
	Mara Jade
	Darth Maul
	Dr. Evazan/ Ponda Baba
Effects (10):
	Imperial Arrest Order
	We Shall Double Our Efforts
	Battle Order
	Secret Plans
	Something Special Planned...	OE/ There is no Try
	No Escape
	Lateral Damage x2
	Ability Ability Ability
Interrupts (5):
	Imperial Command
	Twilek Advisor x2
	Imperial Barrier
	Monnok
Admiral*s Orders (1):
	We are in Attack Position Now
Weapons (5):
	SFS L-s7.2 Tie Cannon
	SFS L-s9.3 Laser Cannons x2
	Mara Jade*s Light Saber
	Darth Maul*s Light Saber
Epic Events (1):
	That Thing*s Operational!


Strategy: 

 

Stratagey:

Strategy and Issues (I am posting this in the hopes of receiving input on improving the deck; these are some topics I need input on, any other comments are also welcome): 

1) The whole idea of a DSII space deck-  I think this is THE platform for big ships right now.  Generation is pretty big, but more importantly, generation is VERY fast.  You start with 4 (plus the force generated by your personal presence) on the table, and on your first turn you likely get to lay down DS II, the shaft, and the DSII:DB at least (Des. Counter pulls IAO, IAO pulls DSII:DB; put down Moff, Moff pulls sector).  The two other sectors come next, and even the systems dont float around in your deck long (the chances of pulling the Imperial Command or one of the other cards on the download chain (IC pulls Piet, pulls Merrejk, pulls systems) are pretty good during the first few turns.  This is enough early generation to get the big ships out early and control space from the beginning of the game.  The direct damage of TTO is just the extra incentive you need to be in space, where good drain locations are already plentiful.  Let me know if there is a way to better capitalize the advantages I*ve outlined.

2) Defending the DSII:  Without protection, the DSII is fairly easy to blow up, and will end up costing up to 12 force plus your generation and your direct damage.  I think my protection package is a good balance between reliable protection and functionality.  We Shall Double.. subtracts 5 from maneuver, and Desperate Counter subtracts 3 from total movement destiny for each armed tie there.  If you only get one armed tie in there after them, a movement draw <3 will kill the falcon with captain han leaving the shaft, and <4 will kill it leaving the capacitors.  If that tie has Hebsley on board, maneuver is reduced by another minus 1.   If you get two armed ties in there, they don*t stand a chance.  Scythe 3 is the last, best defense.  It shoots in the move phase!  This means, even if they send like a spy like Tycho and a ship with Jedi Luke aboard straight to the DSII, and then move into the shaft, Scythe 3 can follow and fire AFTER it moves.  That ship is maneuver minus 5, and dead to rights.  Hebsley was chosen over Mianda for the following reason:  Hebsley*s minus 1 to maneuver is effectively like a +1 to weapon destiny, but it also affects movement destiny.  Mianda*s +2 is better, but it doesn*t help the movement destiny cause any.  I think Hebsley is better; plus he gets immunity on Scythe 3.  Let me know.

3) The walkers.  Good for invading Hoth and avoiding Ice storms (which reminds me, should there be an Imperial Decree in here? Deck space says no&; it*s not really that clutch except against EBO, and tends to be off more that it*s on)They use a commander and general, both of whom get the bonus from We*re In Attack Position Now (which is in there because while the generation is good, it*s not Mob Points good, and cheaper pilots really helps; so does immunity).  They are part of an already thin ground compliment, though, and the deck space might be better served otherwise.

4) The warriors.  I like them. Lightsabers and demented surgery can help a small crew do big things.  I have an alternative set up in mind, whereby  Maul and saber become Ig-88 and dengar.  Ig-88 can*t occupy, but the ability to capture a key character every now and then is clutch.  Dengar*s repeater is pimp with Evazan, and with IG that*s and extra battle destiny.  Maul*s ability to control occupied space is slick, and may even be very well suited to TTO, but he can*t help you jump all over that scrub character who*s asking for it.

5) Ability Ability Ability.  I get LOTS of cards with ability on the table.  More than my opponent.  This deck does some solid damage, but has no retrieval.  That*s the formula for having to play many very close games (have you ever played a traditional Hunt Down?).  Ability Ability Ability WILL win a close game for you; over an over.  Like limited Resources won me with Hunt Down.  It*s REAL tempting to take this card out; but I think I know what it means to the cause.  

6) Jar Jar Binks.  Yeah, I know.  Jerjerrod IS key.  But he*s key because he make*s the deck fast.  Waiting around till he*s protected just goes ahead and does the work of the Jar Jar Bomb for my opponent.  I*ve got about the same odds of that early barrier as my opponent does an early Jar Jar. Live with it.  As I mentioned, Piet and Merrejk come around fairly quickly.  They eat forfeit nicely until you can shuttle everyone up to some star destroyer or another.

7) Profit.  It*s notorious for stubbornly ignoring space and still winning&; especially with podracers. If it*s taking names in the area, Tatooine is a good idea instead of Sullust. TTO is extra slick when your ground compliment is dikin around on the orbited planet.  A little extra damage can really help out.  If Profit isn*t big, then remember that WYS and QMC already give me the planet and I like Sullust.   QMC space is tough, but Fel is Ten Numb Superstar AND the superfalcon when the DSII is orbiting and he*s got laser cannons.  1 force makes x=3!  That*s plus 3 to hit Ten Numb, who is then lost and can*t fire back!  Then, he get*s his bonus destiny and the bonus destiny of the orbiting DSII.  This isn*t to say don*t be careful taking on the opponent*s fleet.   I*m a big boy and know all about patience and timing and the roll they play in controlling the board.  That kind of balance is what makes the game fun.

8) RST.  What am I going to do, really?  I can orbit Endor, but TTO doesn*t work.  Sticking my character*s in the bunker might slow down the flip, but starting the bunker speeds it up in the first place.  There will be quote-un-quote interaction, but it*ll be pretty trivial stuff, and the game breaks down into a damage race.  The damage race CAN be won, but it is admittedly pretty tough.  I have to hold the Endor system.  It keeps Menace Fades suspended and Chiraneau *s drain bonus does help, but I have to hold Endor without the benefit of the DSII, if I want to keep the TTO damage.  Any suggestions?

9) Fondor.  No.  This shouldn*t even be an issue.  I know I don*t want it.  I*d MUCH rather have a good drain system like Kashyyk or Sullust.  The Flagship Executor is there because it*s cheaper.  The Executor is the best star-destroyer, but it*s expensive, and Fondor is NOT the answer.

10) I*m pretty uncomfortable with the limited interrupts and mad amounts of  stuff in the deck (ships, characters, vehicles).  But I think it*s just not what I*m used to.  ISB space has thrived on similar builds, and I think DSII can.  Plus I think the meta may be pretty ripe for it.  Let me know what you think about the deck, and what could improve it.
