---
author: Kelly "Gyrotech" Brown
title: The Ultimate TIE Interception
side: Dark
date: 2001-08-22
description: This deck has excellent drain and retrieval. It makes extensive use of Flagship Operations and the TIE Interceptor.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

- STARTING -
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Prepared Defenses
You Cannot Hide Forever & Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order & Secret Plans
Battle Order & First Strike

- LOCATIONS -
Endor
Executor: Comm Station
Executor: Control Station
Executor: Docking Bay
Executor: Holotheatre
Executor: Main Corridor
Kiffex
Naboo
Sullust
Wakeelmui

- CHARACTERS -
Admiral Piett
Arica
Commander Gherant
Darth Maul
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith

- STARSHIPS -
Flagship Executor x2
TIE Interceptor x20

- ADMIRAL’S ORDERS -
Fighter Cover

- WEAPONS -
SFS L-s9.3 Laser Cannons x5
Vader’s Lightsaber

- INTERRUPTS -
All Power To Weapons x4
Maul Strikes
Nemoidian Advisor
Short-Range Fighters
Twi’lek Advisor

- EFFECTS -
Flagship Operations
Sienar Fleet Systems
Well Guarded 

Strategy: 

The new You Cannot Hide Forever & Mobilization Points combo effect really sets this deck into motion. First off, it can pull the Executor and then be sent to the Lost Pile to obtain Flagship Operations.

However, do not do this too early. I made this mistake and my opponent played Sense & Recoil In Fear and cycled our hands. That really hurt. So, wait until you ready to deploy Flagship Operations BEFORE you pull them out.

As for sites, it’s really not that difficult unless you are REALLY unlucky. Admiral Piett can pull Commander Gherant (Gherant can pull Executor sites), and Imperial Arrest Order can pull at least the Executor: Docking Bay. Be sure to put someone at the docking bay so no one can move there (swap a card out for Ephant Mon so that spies may not even deploy there, if this is a problem for you). Once the Executor and Flagship Operations are deployed, your TIEs are now deploy 1, destiny 4 (5 if battle destiny), and forfeit 5!

Even in the event that Flagship Operations is never really completed, this deck has the firepower to hold its own. All Power To Weapons makes your TIEs immune to attrition (and power +2) and each of your TIEs may fire their weapons TWICE per battle (if you have the force, you can send two opposing starfighters to the Lost Pile for every armed TIE Interceptor).

This is where Fighter Cover really shines (Admiral Piett can pull this if you end up with Gherant in your hand). Even if you don’t have the force, fire your TIE weapons using the zero-force option to make them power +3 (and redraw one if you don’t like it). It is crucial that you do not forget the ending part of this card. If the opposing player uses sites at a system you have out (or puts his or her own out), your characters with immunity to attrition are way buffer. If you have Lord Vader, use him instead of DVDLOTS because with Fighter Cover, he would be immune to attrition < 8 and add 2 to EACH lightsaber destiny draw. 