---
layout: post
author: John "Artoo-Detoo" Tatta
title: 'Why Im A State Champion'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-19
description: ! 'A deck that started as a secondary deck to me that quickly turned into a machine.  Manipulation at its finest.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
MKOS

Locations (8)
Tatooine  Desert Heart
Tatooine  Jabba’s Palace
Jabba’s Palace  Entrance Cavern
Jabba’s Palace  Lower Passages
Jabba’s Palace  Audience Chamber
Jabba’s Palace  Droid Workshop
Jabba’s Palace  Dungeon
Jabba’s Palace  Rancor Pit

Characters (20)
Jabba the Hutt
Mighty Jabba
Bib Fortuna
Ephant Mon
Gallid x2
Miyoom Onith x3
Chall Bekan
Cloud City Engineer
Iasa, The Traitor Of Jawa Canyon x2
Barquin D’an
Vedain
Djas Puhr
Bane Malaar
Brangus Glee
Jawa x2

Creatures (1)
Bubo

Interrupts (23)
Twi’lek Advisor x2
None Shall Pass x3
Masterful Move
Monnok x3
Ghhhk
A Dangerous Time x3
Dune Sea Sabacc x5
Trinto Duaba x3
Abyssin Ornament
Projective Telepathy

Effects (7)
Expand The Empire
Scum & Villany x2
There Is No Try/Oppressive Enforcement
Abilty^3
Resistance
Search and Destroy '

Strategy: '

Strategy

Start the following  Desert Heart, Jabba’s Palace, Twi’lek, Expand The Empire

You want a deck that is broken all the way from the first card in the deck to the last?  Well, you just read the deck list.  Against all decks except Agents In The Court, you can activate 13 force on your second turn EVERY game and that’s not including what your opponent gives you.  On your third turn, you’re draining for around 10 and fifth turn at the latest you have the game COMPLETELY under control.  Don’t believe me?  Play the deck and see.  I’m going to tell you exactly how to get this lock working and trust me ... you’ll be amazed.

First, the turn sequence
Turn 1  Search for all your Jabbas Palace sites.  Deploy Miyoom from hand if you have her.  If not, search your reserve deck for her using the AC game text.  You now have step one completed.  If you have a monnok in your opening hand, then can draw up your remaining two force.  If not, save them for next turn.  

Turn 2  Miyoom their hand.  Remember to activate 13 force.  That’s right ... 13 on turn two.  If you saved force last turn, you’ll have 15.  No way will they have more than 15 cards in hand after their first turn.  If you had that Monnok, you’re set.  After you Miyoom them, if you have any force left, deploy Gallid and start your draining.  End your turn when you run out of force basically.

Turn 3  Miyoom them if they drew up any cards.  Even after Miyooming them you’ll have at least 5 or so force left.  Deploy more characters and prepare to drain next turn.  You don’t have to worry about them coming down because you saw their hand.  If you see non unique aliens, be wary, but not over cautious.  They’re 20 characters in this deck and they’re all nasty.  Especially when flipped and Jabba and Bib are on the table.

From here on out, set up your sabacc, gambling, and Trinto away their used pile every turn.  It’s a lock and they’ll more or less be screwed for the rest of the game unless they have counters to your deck.  But if they do, then they’ll lose to everything else, so that’s dumb.  I made this deck while I was just messing around a little and it turned out to be a machine.  Play it if you don’t believe me.  Manipulation at it’s finest.

Deck matchups (Meta only)

VS. Profit
An easy game.  Start with Mighty Jabba and Chall in the AC.  Take the CC Engineer into your hand immediately.  On your first turn deploy the AC to Jabba’s Palace and convert the site.  Search for all your sites, move the CC Engineer and end your turn.  Start the lock on your second turn and Miyyom on the third.  Use your Dangerous Times to always know what’s in their hand.  You’ll win because they can’t hang with your drains and will probably never free Hansicle.

VS.  Agents In The Court
As I said before, this matchup generally isn’t a very good one.  You’ll probably want to start with the Audience Chamber and Scum and Villany instead of Jabba’s Palace.  They’ll ALWAYS convert your Jabba’s Palace as soon as they see it so you’ll be helpless.  I don’t know what to do against this deck to be honest, but you can still win if you can get your manipulation working and always know what’s in their hands.  Scum and Villany will come in handy this game as you can retrieve your lost Monnoks and other cards.  Play smart and you can pull it off.  Espeically if they’re playing the AITC mains platform.

VS.  Hidden Mains
Play it like you would any other mains deck.  Set up first, second, and third turns.  Mid game, manip everything away and Sabacc them to death as they’ll be losing a card a turn to that alone and possibly a few more to Trinto.  Get out S&D once they’re characterless and watch the direct damage eat them away.  Get out A^3 and the game is yours.  The direct damage is the key to this game.

VS.  Hidden Base Flip
You have no space, but don’t worry about that.  Stick to your game plan ... manip them earlier in the game than usual because they won’t be hit squading you due to their space concentration.  Set up your Gallid drain and remember they can only cancel two of them per turn.  You’re still probably going to out drain them and the direct damage will be more than they can handle, even with Honor out.  

VS.  Watch Your Step
Hell, they give you a lot of force early with this deck and that only helps you even more.  They’ll watch Han, Wedge, Chewbacca and crew hit the lost pile like nothing and their space drains will be laughed at compared to your Jabba’s Palace drains they won’t dare come and try to stop.  WYS simply doesn’t have the ground power to hang with this deck and the manip is too much for them to handle.  Against Insert version of this deck, Twi’lek for Resistance early on.  Then get S&D and A^3 working like a machine.  Losing 3 on my turn then 1 on theirs will end it faster than they can realize what is going on.

VS.  Anything else
Above are all the decks played in my meta.  You cna figure out what to do against everything else.  If you have any suggestions, let me know.  Any comments are appreciated.

- John Tatta
2000 WV State Champ
I FINALLY GOT MY PRIZE SUPPORT FROM STATES
'