---
layout: post
author: Justin "futbolb13" Brinkerhoff
title: 'Pick a hottie up on the rebound.'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-08-14
description: ! 'While recovering from my humiliation at the Tulsa Open, I decided I wanted to mess around with a deck that I hadnt played before.  I put this one together for fun, but i think it might have some real promise.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting

MWYHL/doesn’t matter anyway
Dagobah
Podrace Prep
Tatooine Podrace Arena
Boonta Eve Podrace
Anakin’s Podracer
The Way of things

Locations

Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Training Area
Jungle
Tatooine
Tatooine Cantina
Mos Eisely

Characters

Yoda
Qui-Gon Jinn X2
Obi-wan Padawan X2
Jedi Luke
Luke with stick
Daughter of
EPP Leia
Generan Solo
EPP Han
Chewie Protector
Padme
Owen & Beru
Tawss Khaa
Boshek
Coran Horn
Phylo Gandish

Ships

Falcon
Home One
R2 in Red 5

Green

Obi’s Stick
Qui-Gon’s stick
Anakin’s Stick

Interupts

Losing Track X2
Too Close For Comfort X2
A Step Backward X3
Gift of the Mentor
Mindful of the Future X2
On The Edge X2
The Signal
Nabrun Leids

Effects

Yoda’s Hope
A Tragedy Has Occured
Tatooine Celbration
Traffic Control

Others

Jedi Test 1-3
I Did It
'

Strategy: '

ack  it really is late.  forgot to list luke’s backpack.    (that should be under green =p)

I have always loved the MWYHL objective, but have, in all my previous decks trained DoS to test 6.  When it worked out it was a beautiful thing, but nowaydays with so many grabbers and anti-retrieval cards in decks that are so fast it makes your head spin, it is hard to play a training deck consistently.  So I made this deck that trains to 3 which makes you insanely powerful in Battles, podraces, which is incredible for the lightside. and is overall, friggin nice.

Early Game
Pull everything that you can with Dagobah and the objective.  There are four ability 4 scrubs to chose from.  throw one down and train them as quick as you can.  Given a little early activation from your opponent and a nice draw, you can have test 3 completed by turn 4.  once you are trained, keep Yoda at his Hut and you are ready to throw the beatdown.  
Podrace like your life depends on it.  There are 3 a step backwards in there to play, and you really don’t need to worry about it getting grabbed (or sensed.  Objective should provide enough SAC protection)  With the insane Destinies and the racing interupts,you should win the race. (I needed to say that since everybody that races says that, right?)
You should have plenty of activation also.  Start throwing down to the arena since no battles will happen.

Mid Game
This will most likely invole the extermination of the darkside from Tatooine.  Your army should be ready to roll, or at least be deployed once you retrieve 10 force from the podracing results.  Go and throw the beatdown with your mains that are now effectively adding 3 to all of their immunity to attrition with Yoda at his hut and test 3.  Just to show how sweet this is for example, darkside needs to draw a 10 with a saber to hit Qui-Gon.  The only two charaters originally without immunity were the EPPs, and now the DS must draw a 3 just to make you have to lose them.  And the other characters?  They had better hope they have plenty of destiny adders.  Also, you should be able to hit plenty with your weapons with the good destiny of the deck.

Late Game
By now the DS should be running for their lives and you should be able to control Tatooine, set up the party, be retrieving for I did it, and helping your differential.  Kill them quickly with the cantina shuffle (possibly courtesy of the battleground signal) or whatever other drains you need to do.

Since I love talking more than i need to, i will go into some card explanations...

eh, forget it.  it is late as h.ell.  i’ll just wrap up by saying this deck has everything.  Huge activation (can pull just about all the sites), drain capability, insane battling ability, infinite retrieval, and direct damage.  oh wait, no it doesn’t.  cr.ap, i lied.  anyway, i still think it is a winner.  rate as you will, but D-mail me if you want also.  any questions or something you want to suggest that you just want to let me in on.

JB  '