---
author: Danny "Boo" Lamar
title: One Eyed Monsters(MKOS)
side: Dark
date: 2001-05-04
description: There fast, furious and not pleasant to look at.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective:
My Kind Of Scum/ Fearless And Inventive

Locations(4)
Tattooine: Desert Heart(starting)
Tattooine: Jabba’s Palace(satrting)
Jabba’s Palace: Audience Chamber
Jabba’s Palace: Lower Passages

Characters(29)
Mosep
Gailid
Bib Fortuna
Ephant Mon
Boelo
Mighty Jabba
Jabba(SE)
4-Lom w/ Gun
Dengar w/ Gun
Chall Bekan
Arica
Guri
Prince Xizor
Mercenary Pilot
Myo x3
Abyssin x12

Stariships & Vehicles(5)
Ig-88 in Ship
Fett in Ship
Zuchuss in Ship
Bossk in Bus
Jabba’s Sail Barge

Interrupts(9)
Prepared Defenses(starting)
Projective Telepathy
Imperial Barrier
None Shal Pass x2
Abyssin Ornament x2
Twi’lek Advisor
Defensive Fire/ Hutt Smooch

Effects(11)
Bad Felling Have I
Scum & Villiany x2
Den Of Thieves x2
First Strike
Resistance
Hutt Influence
Power Of The Hutt(starting)
No Bargain(starting)
There Is No Try/ Oppresive Enforcement(starting)

Creatures(1)
Bubo 

Strategy: 

*reminder*
This is pre-tatooine and I don’t got any tatooine so don’t penalize me for that.

*UPDATE*
Take Out 4 Abyssins for: Passenger Deck, Well Guarded, There’ll be hell to Pay and Jabba’s through with you.


First off this is my first deck posting.  

Early game:  Get your Jabba’s Palace sights and try to set up Gailid and Mosep.  Protect w/ None shall passes. Draw for Scumm, Den and Myo or use Twi’lek to get either effects.  Fortify JP.  Should Flip by turn two and hold.

Mid game: Battle, Battle, Battle. Be it space or ground to retrieve.  Lose abyssins where possible and regenerate.  Also retrieve one each turn.  Block Drains with Den and I like to try And keep Myo to cancel a battle destiny.

Late Game:  If you haven’t won yet keep up the drains and use a late once per game to retreive with Abyssin ornament.

Don’t get careless and leave your guys open to beat down.  Don’t forget the forfeit bonuses for your non-uniques from No Bargain and Jabba(SE).  If it seems safe take the Barge w/ Merc Pilot and some other guys for the drain.

Against:

EBO/HB:  Start resistance instead of TINT/OPP(EBO only).  Get early Draind off the top to try and get rid of something good.  No bargain and Bad Feeling Will protect with use off NSP.  You set up quicker and be patient and come down w/ ships where he is left open.  Hutt influence takes care off rebel fleet if x-wing swarm and HB canceling.  Just drain and Key Battling and you should be ok.

Hidden Mains:  Don’t be afraid your abyssins w/ Myo are powerhouses.  Keep Big guys out of JP hold your own and it should be yours.

WYS:  Stay In the Palce and drain.  Block There drains and battle to retrieve.  Come down with to or three ships and try to knock the out of space.  Be patient, play careful, retrieve, drain(always) and smile.

TIGIH/Scouts:  Keep them out and go to them when ready.  Drain do some retrieval.

The deck plays basically the same no matter what.  Fortify JP keep them out and drain.  Go battle where needed, retrieve.

Danny ”Boo” Lamar

