---
author: John "Parn12" Digiovanni
title: 'As The Curtain Falls'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-15
description: 'A darkness that can never be escaped.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting: (9)
Hunt Down And Destroy
Executor: Holotheatre
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Epic Duel
Visage Of The Emperor
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
There Is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement

Locations: (3)
Death Star II: Docking Bay
Endor: Landing Platform
Cloud City: East Platform

Characters: (17)
Darth Vader, DLOTS x2
Lord Vader
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand x2
The Emperor x2
Janus Greejatus
Sim Aloo
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Guri
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
Prince Xizor
IG-88 With Riot Gun

Starships: (4)
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Chimaera

Vehicles: (4)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 6

Interrupts: (18)
Limited Resources
Vader’s Obsession x3
Force Lightning x2
Operational As Planned x2
The Circle Is Now Complete x2
Weapon Levitation x2
Trample x2
Twi’lek Advisor
Omni Box & It’s Worse x2
Masterful Move

Effects: (3)
Search And Destroy
Come Here You Big Coward
First Strike

Weapons: (2)
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
Vader’s Lightsaber


Strategy: 

Author’s Notes:

First off, if you are going to rate this down for having only 1 Visage.. don’t.  3/4 of the time he’ll TT it early, its almost impossible to keep when against WYS.  Plus the damage isn’t critical to winning, its just a little nice to have.  My biggest problem with putting more in this deck is that I only have 1 to play with.

Secondly is my choice of The Emperor over Emperor Palpatine.  Okay, I’m an unlucky deadbeat, I have no Emperor Palpatines.  I’ll just make due and use the other Empy, the one that still makes Mara power +2, can still use Force Lightning, works well with Sim and Janus, and gives the added bonus of adding 2 attrition when with Vader or Xizor and Luke’s either hiding in his hand or dead a long time ago.

If SAC is pretty dead and you think your objective will stay flipped most of the game feel free to run You Cannot Hide Forever.  This card is great in this deck, it reduces Jedi defense value by 1 (Force Lightning can now kill Jedi :) )and if #’s are strong in your area, this kills them immediately.  Plus it can be used to go and fetch S&D when you’re ready for it.

--------------------------------------------------
Destiny Breakdown:

0: 3
1: 20
2: 4
3: 4
4: 6
5: 8
6: 6
7: 0

Average: 2.75

This is what the deck looks like after starting crap is deployed.  This is counting ALL sites and characters and crap, it will get MUCH better as the game wears on.

-------------------------------------------------

Use high destiny and easy methods of tracking to destroy your opponent, simple, huh?  It requires multiple ways to track and recycle due to needing multiple destiny to pretty much send your opponent reeling.  This IS a battle deck, if you couldn’t figure it out, lol.

Playing is simple, you probably will get Vader out on the first turn every 1 out of 10 games, so don’t make it a point to try to do it all the time, you will be disappointed.  If in the event that you can, go for Endor (as even Lord Vader can deploy for 6 there) Docking Bay, use him to activate some force and get an early drain going.  Choke Vader just rules in this deck, especially now that Uncontrolable Fury has left the game (at least in my meta).  He alone can take out someone via choke pretty easily in this deck, he can take out almost anyone if you’re actively tracking (and there are pleanty of cards to get early tracking going too).  But most of the time you won’t get this optimum set up going for you right away, so settle with the DS2 DB.  If you can, you may want to drop a lacky to the db to get some activation for next turn.  Its always helpful.  Just try to get Vader out on the table to negate Visage damage, and if he cancels Visage with TT, don’t worry, just sit back and wait to go down with a full attack (no worrying about Visage damage for you now too).

You can get the upper hand easily in a battle, especially one you are either: a) prepared for, b) building up in your hand, or c) both, lol.  It’ll all come down to tracking, but if you have yet to figure out tracking, blind dumb luck is not as blind with this deck.  Pretty much, just destroy your opponent, you’ll love it!  I promise, lol!

-------------------------------------------------
A Little Tech:

Operational As Planned:
This card is just wicked.  It helps early (if you get it) to get that extra force to slap daddy down, plus you get to shove any early high destiny cards you draw back into your deck.  This card also makes tracking a breeze.  Its a destiny 5 used, so you can track it, and then typically you can use that force you just got to play something, thus you have whatever it was smack on top of your Operational As Planned.  This works great when Choking and Trampling, or just making a saber swing impossible to dodge.

Sim:
Same old Sim tech.  Peek at the top card of his deck, if you don’t like it, shove it on the bottom.  Makes dueling a lot easier, or just denying him a good draw, period.  Deploys free and works with Emp, not too shabby.

Janus:
Janus is the man, well... almost.  Works WELL with the Emperor, but works better with Operational As Planned.  Basically you get 3 cards right on top of each other that are a breeze to track.  Use Operational as planned to recycle a high destiny, then spend that card you just put on your force pile to place yet another high destiny card from your hand under your used pile (which consists of 2 cards hopefully) and draw a lame card from the top of reserve deck.

Empy:
Your opponent will either deploy Luke or not deploy him.  You will probably duel Luke if he hits the table (or capture him if playing TIGIH).  Either way your ends are accomplished.  This deck will get the +2 attrition every game.  Plus you can use the Force Lightnings, even on your own people (to recycle it) if he doesn’t come and fight where the Empy is... one way or another the Force Lightning will be useful.

Weapon Levo:
Ben beware.  Vader will steal his lightsaber, cancel Lightsaber Pro, and then Circle the old man.  Epic duel or normal Circle does not matter, its just that Ben will never win a Circle duel, ever.  Oh, did I mention it can steal Luke’s saber too?  Or get a saber that’s lurking in your used pile while being a used destiny 4 interrupt.

-------------------------------------------------
Match-Ups:

I hate doing these, as it is generally rude to sterotype a deck type.  I won’t say easy win or lose, as the player makes the deck good or bad, on both sides... I’ll just give pointers.

HB:
As this deck rides off into the sunset we all must remember the lessons we learned in the past.  Its a pretty easy strategy.  Save your ships you get for probing alone, or taking advantage of someone with Zuckuss.  If he cannot cancel your drains he will not win.  Just do your dirty work at the dbs, drain heavy and let S&D take over.

EBO:
I think this deck is on the heels of HB.  I rarely see it played anymore.  Sit on the 4th Marker with Walkers to stop any random Ice Storms, Trample him down, and then proceed to wipe up the remains.  This shouldn’t be too hard as there is typically little he can do against your drains.  Of course you will have to stuff that big drain of 5... ah well.

Profit:
Another good deck type that seems to be fading and falling away to WYS decks.  Get rid of Ben, probably best to just Circle him and be done with it, the 9 force is heafty... but the earlier Ben goes the less reviving he does.  Luke gets dueled, or just doesn’t come out.  Han is choke and trample bait (which goes for Lando and especially Chewie), which leaves only dear Leia as the source of any hopeful direct damage from this deck.  Btw: the main killing strategies above work against other decks too, lol.

WYS:
This deck can varry greatly.  Pretty much start eliminating his character selection.  More than likely will not see an Obi hit the table, so Circles recycle well in this game.  Luke may or may not hit the table, depends on how many characters he runs and how brave he is.  Kiss Visage goodbye in this game, really doesn’t matter how many you play with the objective flipped.  Go for the smugglers when in a battle on the ground, if he’s playing spies (otherwise that advise helps none).  He needs 2 smugglers to add that destiny, and Palace Raiders are doubly good to go for with choking.  Try to force him off the ground and into space alone, where if he wants to retrieve ANYTHING he’ll need to spread out a bit as a result of CHYBC, this greatly increases chances of getting an easy system to invade.  This is probably the best (and most used) light deck type right now, play against it as best you can.

Anyways, this deck is just straight up awesome, in my humble opinion.  Suggestions are always welcomed! (I’d like to toss in another Janus one of these days, lol) 