---
layout: post
author: ! Ed "eddiehectic" Rebman
title: ! "Independent Endor Operations"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-21
description: ! 'This deck uses the new AO and Endor Operations to get mad space drains and easy movement.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Version 3.0

 Endor Operations

 Locations
 Endor
 Rendili
 Sullust
 Kashyyyk
 Kiffex
 Fondor
 Endor Bunker
 Endor DB

 Characters
 Lord Vader
 Darth Vader w/stick
 Grand Admiral Thrawn x2
 Admiral Piett x2
 Commander Merrejk
 Xizor x2
 Guri x2
 Ephant Mon
 Janus
 Arica
 U-3PO

 Blue
 Chimeara x2
 Executer
 Bossk in HT x2
 Boba in S1 x2
 Zuckuss in MH x2
 Dengar in PO
 Virago x2
 IG-88 in IG-2000
 Stinger x2

 AO
 Black Sun Fleet x2

 Interupts
 Overload x2
 Imperial command x2
 Ghhk/those rebels wont escape us x2
 Imperial barrier x2
 Prepared defenses


 Effects
 Something special planned for them
 Secret Plans
 YCHF
 Mob points (start)
 Power of the Hutt (start)
 Lateral Damage x2
 Imperial decree
 Ominous Rumors
 Security Precautions

'

Strategy: '

*Props to Paul Mickowski for the deck idea, he is the man*

Just to clarify something, the only ground site you need to hold in the deck is the bunker, it works for the extra drain with rumors and its easy to hold.  Vader is in there just for beats if they spread to thin.  

Also, I know that the destiny is low, but that is unavoidable IMHO.  It is also very easy to draw 2-3 destinys every battle in space.

Start something meta-ish to go with power of the Hutt and Mob Points.  Unless you draw Rendili, pull it with mob points, if you draw it grab the executer.   So you put Ephant at the bunker which seriously limits the ways to get in there.  If they do get in there some way (choke, revo) then use one of your ghhks.  Use Merrejk to pull your systems, you can pull him with Piett (which you can get with IC).  Use your spies to cancel their drains elsewhere. Get Rumors (with objective) out and drain in space.  Use Black sun fleet to move over during your control to get an extra drain of 2-4 or to block that menace fades so you can get a big drain elsewhere (if you do that move some other guys over later cause it is a regular move).  Overload seriously mocks X-wing cannons (which hurt this deck bad), use lateral damage on the outrider (or any other
 LS ship) and use Imperial command or Guri to take care of the super falcon (which you really don’t see to much any more anyway).  The key is to drain in space, if they are playing mains stay your @#$% in the bunker, and consolidate all your forces.  Don’t give them a chance to win through battles on the ground, and they wont be able to compete with your space drain.  Space decks are tougher, make sure you keep your AO on the table, thrawn will help with that (if Piett is not out, but Piett helps you find it).   Lateral damage is a beast, and it should let you dominate space against WYS.  Just block their drains on the ground with spies and you should out drain them pretty good.  
      I know that there is no SAC protection in this deck, but I havn’t seen a LS deck play SAC in a long time.  If I were using this in other than locals I would add OE/TINT, but that is a meta choice.
        Please, if there is any @#$%ty cards in this deck tell me, there is lots of stuff on the waiting list.  Thanks for the review.
'