---
layout: post
author: ! Brad "Admiral Twk" Reinhold
title: ! "Hidden Mai    What"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-05-26
description: ! "This is a version of the deck that got me to regionals last year, updated to current, PRE-tatooine standards, though evolution suggestions included....14-0 thus far."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(7)
Hidden Base/whatever
Rondezvous Point
Mon Calamari(hidden base)
HFTMF
Insurrection
Your Insight Serves You Well
Squadron Assignments

Locations(9)
Dagobah
DagYoda’s Hutt
Endor
EndorDb
Tatooine
TatDB
Mon Calamari
Kiffex
Kessel

AO(1)
I’ll Take The Leader

Characters(14)
Luke Skywalker, JK
Luke Skeywalkr, JK
Ben Kenobi
Ben Kenobi
Daughter Of Skywalker
Daughter Of Skywalker
Corran Horn
Tycho Celchu
Wedge Antilles, RSL
Captain Han Solo
Dash Rendar
Jek Porkins
Yoda
Lando w/ Axe

Ships(7)
Home One
Outrider
Millenium Falcon
Red Squadron 1
Green Squadron 3
Red 6

Effects(2)
Advantage
Menace Fades


Weapons(5)
Anakin’s Lightsaber x2
Obi-wan’s Lightsaber
Luke’s Lightsaber
X-Wing Laser Cannon

Interrupts(14)
Fallen Portal x2
Blaster Deflection x2
Courage of a Skywalker
Jedi Presence
Rebel Barrier
Move Along
Alter & Friendly Fire 
SATM & Blaster Proficiency x2
Smoke Screen x2
Sense x3 '

Strategy: '

This deck is pure FUN

Here’s a run down of why some cards are in here, which other players aren’t using (at least not the top players, on the decks I’ve seen). The deck is non cheese, works consistently against everything from Scum to Court to BHBM to Hunt Down....

Move Along
This card kicks @$$ It is effective against Trooper Decks, Scum decks, and some forms of Agents(those utilizing the nonunique alien that adds a destiny to power). It also interrupts battle, so if you take out a card and stick in I Have A Bad Feeling About This, you can make them hurt, and hurt bad. I use it with Jedi Presence and Courage when possible to really get a beating going.

Blaster Deflection
Oh Baby One of the most popular things in my area right now is Jodo and Stun Blaster. This combo bounces (rather easily) most characters back to the owners hand. This is BAD. So in addition  to protecting your own character, for a measly 3 force you can also force them to bounce one of their own characters to their hand. The card, unless you retarget the shot to their character, is a used destiny 4 Also, since it stops a targeting, it works against 4-LOM w/ gun, who doesn’t draw destiny (which is why Ob’s Journal doesn’t cancel it) but it does target. Weapon levitation also goes well with this card, but right now I can’t find room to put it back in.

Yoda
stops opponent from draining at yoda’s hutt. reduces attrition, NOT adds to immunity. So What? cards that cancel immunity don’t affect this, this giving all your characters an unalterable base of (effectively) of immunity to attrition less than 3 (if they draw a 1 or 2, attrittion = 0). So Jedi Luke, effectively, has immunity (if with saber by own self) to attrition less than 9

Daughter
She can weild a lightsaber, is immune to attrition <4 (<6 with yoda) can use smoke screen as a 5, can use Courage, also can use Blaster Defelection, and will be replaced promptly with Qui-gon when the new set comes out. Besides, how many times have you seen HER whup up on somebody? Try the deck, and you will.

Smoke Screen
No offense to those of you who don’t use it, but I don’t see why not. Sure you can work in all those High destiny cards, and you can track them (I can, most of the time), but you can’t track very easily in the early game, unless you really are Jesus ). Using smoke screen guarantees your destiny draw at crucial times, such as when it is imperitive to kill Xizor, and he’s been tracking and manipulating your destinies more than you have been. Once you start to see what destinies are where, tracking works well. But until you can, you are still vulnerable to the whims of fate. Besides, the look on somebody’s face, when they use Sim Aloo to make your destiny a one, laughing at you, and then seeing smoke screen and a destiny 6 equvalent, well, you’ll be addicted too. Also, this card is an excellent Tech vs. Guri and ground based Imperial Command Each of these cards says cannot DRAW more than one destiny. Smoke screen is an INSTEAD OF card...so for your first destiny, use smoke screen, then draw for the second. The reason for this is due to Smoke screen only working if you COULD draw destiny. Before you draw the destiny off the top, you can, obviously, draw destiny. If you wait, though, the additional draw is cancelled due to the other ards, so smoke sreen won’t work then. Just a little Tech for ya’ll) Note Darklighter Spin works the same way in space

Tycho
He’s a spy. He and his ship can deploy anywhere...including the deathstar. And He’s Rogue squadron (for Wedge) and draws a destiny on ANY X-Wing.

Strategy
Start by pulling Dagobah and then pulling Yoda’s Huttese Home. Also, pull a docking bay, preferably Endor, as two of your main saber-wielders deploy cheap(er) there. DO NOT pull Menace Fades until you need it. Sorry, but I’m paranoid about numbers and Scanning crew. Wait until you see what kinds of stuff they are using, too. This card is tech against all the Dark Jedi, and will be also useful vs. Maul in a few days. I tend to deploy cautiously to space, and to hold the X-Wing Cannon in my hand for offense. get out the AO asap.

mid game Deploy a few Big guys to the docking bays, covering space with two ships at each related system, getting the most out of the AO. This deck can usually get some heafty drains going, especially once you flip. Don’t forget to pull systems each turn, but don’t flip until you need to. The key tech of the HB, as in the choice of Mon Cal, is that only BH ships can deploy there to probe, and you can use the Rebel Barrier to keep them from exiting. With many people using SD’s these days it seemed like a good tech. Also, if you don’t like that one, I suggest Sullust or Kashyyyk instead. Flip when needed. Deploy Luke around to battle people and kick them in the nads. if you are facing strong ground opposition, keep leia with Obi, use conna and Wedge on the ground to make them hurt, and Luke as a one man demo squad. Vs. Court, just deploy him outside JP and move him in...if you use the interrupts well, you should be able to shut the opponents deck down permanently with just he, obi, and Lando.

Late Game Shut down their drains, and keep yours hot and heavy. Spread out if you think you can handle it, but other wise use roving bands to drain. Fight when and where you must, but this deck’s strength lies in its ground, rather than space, so keep that in mind.

'