---
author: Dan "Static-X" Grover
title: 'Set Your Course For Tech (aka Here Come The Bastards Redux)'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-19
description: 'what looks like a run-of-the-mill SYCFA TIE deck, but with a nasty surprise. No, not that kind of surprise, you sicko.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

READ THE STRATEGY BEFORE REVIEWING!

STARTING @#$% (8)
SYCFA/Nobody Knows What’s On The Back Of This
Death Star (Japanese Foil, no less)
Death Star: Dorking Bay
Alderaan
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Points
TINT/Oppressive Enforcement
Secret Plans

PLACES (7)
Wakeelmui
Kiffex
Kashyyyk
Sullust
Endor
Tatooine
Asteroids

PEOPLE (4)
2x Palpy
Suicide Vader (with his Saber)
Hot Mara (aka Arica)

SHIPS (18)
Shield
Sword
3x Dreadnut
9x Interceptor
4x Vanguard

GUNS (2)
2x Interceptor Laser cannon

ORDERS (1)
Fighter Cover

EFFECTS (7)
2x Sienar Fleet Systems
Lateral Damage
Battle Order
Come Here You Big @#$%
Grabber
Ability x3

INTERRUPTS (13)
5x All Power To Weapons
3x You Overestimate Their Chances
2x Abyssin Ornament/Wounded Wookiee
Relentless Pursuit
2x Twi’Lek Advisor 

Strategy: 

You’re probably scratching your head, wondering just what I was smoking when I came up with this, and if I have any left for you. Well, the concept behind this deck is simple. Build up a good stack of force, wait until you have at least: 1 You Overestimate Their Chances, 1 Wounded Wookiee, 2 APTW, a few Interceptors, and a Dreadnut. Deploy only a Vanguard at each system. Act really nervous. Start acting like you hope your opponent doesn’t come after you. deploy a pitiful force of Vanguards and maybe an Interceptor or 2. Try to make your opponent feel overconfident. If your opponent is stupid enough to attack you, you deploy as a react and cause massive battle damage. See specific card strategies below.

You Overestimate Their Chances- This card can be a gamebreaker. If your opponent just initiated battle, triples resulting battle damage! Suddenly, that 15 bd is 45, and your opponent is probably boned. The surprise value is insane. In this deck, this card is broken.

Wounded Wookiee- This is for the Super Falcon, with Life Debt and I Know, drawing 7 destinies? Well, with Wounded Wookiee, he keeps two, and you decide which ones! Also invaluable, especially with the above card. I prefer the combo version because you can play it used to shuffle it back into your deck. The destiny sucks, but this deck isn’t about destiny.

Vanguard- These cards allow you to deploy as a react. They make the big combo here possible. Your opponent should fear these right away, if they are smart.

APTW- Play it lost to lose 1 force and pull 3 TIES, then deploy all 3 and retrieve! Great for the above combo.

Other cards- Vader is for suicide, Palpy is for occupying the DB for Battle Order, Arica cancels drains, Abilityx3 makes your opponent deploy, CHYBC is for those annoying Jedi Testing Decks, etc. Most of you know how a TIE deck works.

Matchups-

vs. WYS- They will come to space. Make them pay.

vs. TIGIH- Never deploy Vader without forfeiting him after the battle! Just deploy TIEs at the DB to satisfy Battle Order. Make him come to you in space.

vs. PROFIT- Your retrieval should help you outdrain him. Most Profit decks don’t go to space, so get your asteroids out and start cycling TIEs.

vs. HB Mains- Use Wounded Wookiee and take out the Super Falcon. One shot of the great combo should take care of your opponent.

vs. AITC Chadras- If this really worries you, throw in A Bright Center To The Universe. Target Tatooine. Shake your opponent’s hand.

Well, that’s all I can think of off the top of my head. Any suggestions are welcome. And remember, kids, Drugs are bad. Don’t do drugs. 