---
layout: post
author: Kyle "Psyokid" Ishimaru
title: 'WYS  Cali Style (No R3)'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-10-16
description: ! 'Heres a WYS deck that can match up in the R3 Environment even with that new card.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'starting(8)
Watch Your STep/This place is getting crappier all the time
tatooine(new)
Cantina
Tat Dbay
Heading
Insur/aim high
Squadron Assign
Insights/Staging

Loc(3)
Hoth Dbay
Mos Espa Dbay
Kessel

Characters(16)
Luke with Stick x2
Han with Gun x2
Chewie with Gun 
Lando with Gun
Mirax Terrik
Theron Nett
Dash Rendar
Wedge Antilles
Rayc Ryjerd(OverPriced Asian Guy)
Melas
Talon Karrade
Yotts Orren
Raltiir Frighter Cptn
Threepio With Parts Out

Ships(5)
Pulsar Skate
Outrider
Red 10
Red Squad 1
R2 in Red 5

Weapon(1)
x-laser

Effect(7)
Bplan/Dtf
Goo Nee Tay
Fades
Cele
Begger     
Legendary 
Alegations of Corruption

Interrupts(19)
All Wings/Dlighter Spin
Few Maneuvers
Houjix/Outa Nowhere
Ctrl/Tunnel x2
Sry Bout Mess/BPro 
Clash 
OOC/TT x2
Jedi Reliense
It Can Wait
Step Backwards x2
Too Close For Comfort
Lost In wilderness
Were you looking For Me
We wish to board at Once
Run Luke Run
On The edge

AO(1)
Ill Take The Leader
'

Strategy: '

Heres a WYS Solid that can handle most decks and most new R3 decks even with A Useless Gesture that places interrupts out of play if 3 smugglers on table.

Using your interrupts at the right time it wont matter.  

With drains and retrieval (on the edge+Tatooine Celebration) you can get all your characters back if they place all your interrupts out of play.  

In this deck I use Kessel more late game after I think Ive killed off most of their ships.  Usually I set up Celebration and control Tatooine and use the interrupts to get around battle.  

some Card Explanations

Hoth Dbay  I picked Hoth over Home 1 because of "The Shaft"(Response/Much Anger) this way you can just transit over using either one of your docking bays and cancel it.  Some people us As good as gone.  I personally dont like this idea even though it helps kill the shaft by returning the character to hand but its during move phase so you take 4 damage from it.  

Racing Stuff  I use this for anti racing.  I may not win because the destinys in this deck arent that good.  But if I can delay the race as long as possible I might be able to set up Celebration and or big drains.  Where most people dont do anything untill the race ends.  

Lost in the Wilderness  This card is great in All decks.  Espessially if you can play it twice.  Place Xizor against AoBS or Vader in HD missing and you can set back your opponent many turns.  

It can Wait  This card is great.  You can make their characters go back to their hand for a turn and move your character away or beef up the site for a beat down.  Heres what I did once  Say he deploys Vader against some smuggler so you play It can wait and send him back.  Then next turn drop a few guys from your hand down there.  Vader comes back.  Then you can play it out of play on another character and beatdown on Vader.

Inconsequential Barriers  Mostly to cancel barrier and the popularity of Set for Stun.

Artoo/Lengendary  For more damage and x-wing laser.  Plus it is higher destiny than the Falcon and more power+manuver for that DLighter Spin.

If they have Code Clearance Def Shield on Table dont play on the edge to retrieve cause then it cancels your celebration retrieval

The only Def Shield that hurts the deck is A Useless Gesture otherwise most of them are just effects.

Thats all I can see of the off cards now onto vs deck types.
Vs mode

vs  Let them make first move/at last revenge
The new obj that can do major damage.  I would play this like any other game.  Since I dont have any Jedi they cant flip but they can drain me at their 2 sites.  This can be a problem since its for 4.  Try to set up Controls and Meanace Fades to limit their force drains.  Set up space precense if you can at Kessel to get the drains going.  Try to stay on Tatooine with your Smugglers and Ill Take the Leader.  Luke can be big in this game because you can kill of his characters without letting him flip.  Should be a hard game if they use the objs text to kill your characters. 

vs Hunt Down
Against Hd Space is key.  Mostly they dont have many ships but be prepared for Zuckuss.  Use TT to cancel Visage if you can and play it out of play to cancel it again.  Set up your big drains and Celebration/Meanace Fades.  Goo Nee Tay to limit their deploy of characters and flipping to prevent their activation.  Use some smugglers to kill of Vaders and hopefully you can kill enough off so they run out.  Try and keep them on the 0 side.  

vs Senate
A easy way to lock them down is with Battle Plan/Meanace Fades.  Make sure they dont take over space.  Normally they dont run too many non-senator characters.  So if you can kill alot of them off you should be ok.  Celebration for retrieval and flipping to prevent activation.  Use your grabber to grab Squabbling so they cant retrieve.  Should be easy game

vs Watto
Against this you have to play smart.  You need to know when to lose 2 force or pay 2.  Take over Mos Espa so they cant flip.  Mos Espa over the Junkyard cause you cant draw destiny if watto in there.  With their extra sites you can set up lots of Celebration retrieval.  Begger can help you out cause they have low activation.  

vs Brangus
I doubt anybody will be playing this after R3 comes out because the dbays can be placed out of play.  But against the Racing version use you race Interrupts to prevent them from winning or to slow it down.  Be prepared for the hit and runs by vader or anybody else.  Should be preety easy if you can set up fast and do alot of damage early.

This deck should be able to handle in R3 but it wont be as powerful by being able to abuse your interrupts but is still power.  Most of the new cards in R3 didnt do anything to this deck.  

Thanks for reading.  If you have question d-mail or mail at kydo68@hotmail.com  Later

'