---
layout: post
author: ! Sam "AgentSD" Diamond
title: ! "Cloud City  Land of the Free"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-08-04
description: ! "Title comes from the title of the newest pennywise CD.  Buy it, or as the guitarist said, if you can’t afford it, steal it."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7)
QMC/Balls
Bespin
CC Casino
Squad a$$
Keeping the ho’s out forever
Your Insight Serves You Well
HFTMF

Locations (3)
CC Guest Quarters
CC West Gallery
CC Carbonite Chamber

Characters (19)
Figrin Pimp
Chewbacca, Protector, off my a$$
Obi EPP x2
Luke EPP x2
Qui Gon x2
Captain Han
Dash Rendar
DS2 Wedge
Bren "Hardcore" Quersey
Pucumir Thryss
Lando Calrissian x2
Leia EPP 
Padme 
Corran Horn
Ten Numb

Starships (5)
Outrider
Millennium Falcon
Red Squad 1
Blue Squad 5
Red 8

Interrupts (17)
Sorry About the Mess Combo
OOC/TT x2
CC Sabaac x5
Path of Least Resistance x3
A Jedi’s Resilience x2
Bith Shuffle/Desperate Reach
Gift of the Mentor
Endor Celebration
Power Pivot

Effects (3)
Battle Plan
CC Celebration
Menace Fades

AO (1)
I’ll Take the Leader

Weapons (4)
Qui Gon’s Saber
Intruder Missile x2
X-Wing Laser Cannon 

Podracer (1)
Anakin’s Racer '

Strategy: '

I’ve seen other QMC sabaac decks being posted lately and most of them are pretty good but IMO this is definitely one of the best out there.  The strategy is pretty simple, pull sites until u have them all out.  Deploy 2 ships or more to Bespin and a few characters to the sites to flip.  Path helps avoiding battles when you aren’t strong enough to fight.  Also works nicely with the Sorry about the Mess.  Set up lando and  a few friends at the Casino to get CC sabaac going for massive retrieval and direct damage (I will address this again later).  Sabaac combined with CC Celebration and sometimes Figrin creates insane retrieval.  Often the deck finshes a game without a lost pile.  

As far as battling goes, Use A Jedi’s Resilence to get back your EPPS or Qui Gon.  Sorry About the Mess Combo rules all.  Path guys into battles and play destiny adders and swing and use the combo to take them out.  The deck has fairly high destiny with 15 cards that have destiny 5 to 7.  

Battling in space shouldn’t be difficult at all.  Ten Numb rules in his ships with an intruder missile.  He can easily take out Bossk and SD’s.  Also, X-wing Laser cannon works on 2 ships o that can take out fett or zuckuss.  Power Pivot takes care of Executor or other pains like Chimaera with Thrawn.  Don’t forget Bren adds a destiny to total power and Wedge cancels a destiny when in battle with Bren or Corran, who sometimes goes up in the outrider or Falcon.  I’ll take the leader also helps in space as it gives you nice immunity and can hurt the Bounty hunter ship and TIES.

Force Drains with this deck are CRAZY.  You’ve got 5 locations to drain at.  One of them gives you a drain of 2.  There is a lightsaber to add a little.  It really gets out of control once Pucumir hits the table and your spread out drains (remember path) caue 8 or 9 damage.  And as a side note, even if they cancel your drain bonuses with Imp Decree or something you can stll get drains of 3 or 4 and get direct damage with sabaac.  

Here are some card explanations

Cloud City Sabaac x5 I choose not to play a few of these and a couple Trooper Sabaacs like most do because Trooper Sabaacs don’t let you retrieve and I don’t care if CC Sabaac gets grabbed because there are still 5 in the deck and it usually doesn’t get grabbed until its been played a few times.  Not to mention, if they grab, thats one less grabber they have for other nice interrupts like Path or OOC/TT.

Figrin D’an He’s a backup gambler in case all landos are gone or they convert him or something.  He also has nice retrieving/tracking gametext.

CC Carbonite Chamber Most people don’t play a 3rd location to pull.  I do for extra activationand a force drain of 2.  You don’t have to pull it with the objective.  If you need to you can flip before you get it out and grab it with keeping the empire out.

Bren and Red 8 I use these 2 instead of the more popular Elyhek Rue and Red 7 because Red 8 adds 1 to X when firing x-wing laser cannon and what do I care about my ship’s destiny of 2 instead of 4, it’ll probably be on the table most of the time anyway.

Endor Celebration Used destiny 5 that can be recycled at any time and cancels Rebel Base occupation or CC occupation if they get that off somehow.  

IF you have questions about any other cards, d-mail me.

Here are some match-ups and what not

Brangus Racing  Try your best to win the race.  You will win all the sabaacs most likely because of lando’s gametext.  Other than that, just chill on Cloud city doing what you are supposed to do and when they come to you make them suck your DlCK.

Dark Deal Convert every location they play.  Oh I forgot, this is another use for the Carbonite Chamber.  Beat them off of the bespin system and bespinCC.  Cancel Dark deal easily by just occupying 4 bespin locations (path anyone).  

Scum If they don’t come to you, cancel their drain bonuses with Menace fades and make them pay to drain with Battle Plan.  If they come to fight you, destroy them.  Fairly simple.

Start Your Landig  Endor Celebration takes care of rebel base occupation.  You can also beat up their ships at Hoth and take that system.  Menace Fades takes care of any drain bonuses.  All the damage they will be doing to you will come from You may start your landing and you can retieve that much back with celebration.  There is only one exterior site in this deck so they can’t come and stop your other drains with walkers.  This is a really easy matchup.

HD You can pull TT with keeping the empire out once you flip.  There is also a spy to cancel Visage but I prefer to use him elsewhere usually.  If they aren’t playing Racing it’s a fairly easy matchup but I have had problems with HD racing in the past but of course I wasn’t using a racer then.  Once again try your best to win the race, some luck will help.  HD racing is this deck’s toughest matchup, but I think it can beat it.

Well thats the deck, please use some sense when reviewing.  And remember...don’t do shrooms.

Oh yeah, don’t say that DS Sense kills my deck because if you play that you have faied in the game of life.  With WYS being one of the most popular decktypes, you have to smoke crack to play Sense for darkside.







'