---
author: Robert "Sgt_Barich" dayton
title: a winning hyperdrive deck  type2
side: Dark
date: 2001-10-15
description: this deck has not lost a game in the current ep1 format. i have played against the watto, and senate decks too. i dont know how ref3 will change the ep1 environment, but i think this deck will still be big.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

starting:
hyperdrive objective
credits will do fine
watto’s JY
tat:outskirts
podrace prep
tat:podrace arena
boonta eve
anakin’s pod

epic events:
i did it

locations:
tatooine

effects:
brisky morning munchen
another pathetic lifeform
a tragedy has occured
a vergence in the force  x2+

ships:
republic cruserx2

weapons:
quigon’s light x2

interrupts:
changing the odds x2
ive decided to go back x3
too close for comfort  x3
a step backward  x6
alter  x4
sense   x5
control   x2

charectars:
jar jar
obi padawan ai
valorum  ai
ric olie
tendau bendon
yarua  x2
liana merian  x2
queen amidala ruler of nab  x2
senator palp ai  x2
qui gon jinn ai  x3

strategy:
first off i didnt list a starting effect. that is because it depends on what your opponent is playing. if he is playing the watto objective than u should use brisky mornin munchen to continually kill watto. 
if your opponent is using the senate objective you should use pathetic lifeform to activate an additional force each of your opponent’s turns.

a tragedy is used to catching opponent’s sense cards. this ensures the fact that you are going to win a sense war, if there is one.
a vergance in the force stops maul from draining like mad at the desert landing site. it is total tech.
with the 6 step backwards you shouldnt be hurting for a quigon or looseing any podrace at all. also dont use the "too closes for comfort" for cancelling podrace collision. i tend to use them for cancelling destroyers and maul from killing my people.

overall strategy:
just roll a phat stack of chars in the junkyard, and dont leave until you flip your objective. getting qui gon on the first turn is god. getting him out on the second turn is a must. dont forget to force drain every turn, that will be the key. also if your opponent will try to fight you, it will hasten the flip of your objective.
after you have flipped spread your charectars to the outskirts with one senator and someone else. this leave you drawing 2 battle destiny with "ive decided to go back". also if you are playing the senator objective drop queen amidala or palp or valorum down and set up two 5s in your deck. then battle and "ive decided to go back" each time you draw destiny(in this case twice) you can retrieve a force. draw a 5, retrieve into hand the "ive decided to go back" draw the other 5, and retrieve a force into deck or hand. it is total beat down in the senate if you repeat this process. eventually you retrieve tons of force, you opponent looses all his senators, and u win the game. 
dont be afraid of maul. dont be afraid of maul and three destroyers. just make sure qui gon’s GT is entact, and chop maul. too close for comfort mauls stick, and ive decided to go back for 2 destiny when you fight, you will win the battle and clear the room. 

Strategy: 

as stated above 