---
layout: post
author: ! Philip "WorldChamp" Marschall
title: ! "This Deck REALLY Sucks"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-09
description: ! 'After reading A Salute to Tractor Beams and Blues Brothers, I decided to build this deck, which is a blow away SYC with SD’s and Tractor Beams (). This isn’t a bad deck, it really sucks cuz it does suck in starships'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
SYC/Ooooo Fireworks
Death Star
Alderaan
DS DB
Prepped Defenses
A Million Voices Crying Out
SSPFT
Mob. Points

Locations (6)
Death Star War Room
Death Star Conference Room
Kiffex
Endor
Sullust
Fondor

Characters (16)
Palpy x2
Lord Vader x2
DS Gunner x3
Lennox
Officer M&#8217;Kae x2
Thrawn
Piett x2
Merrejk x2
Maul 

Ships (10)
Executor
Chimaera
Tyrant
Devastator
Thunderflare
Visage
Dominator
Avenger
ZiMH
BiHT

Weapons (6)
Tractor Beam x3
Ion Cannon x2
Superlaser

Interrupts (11)
We Have A Prisoner x2
In Range x3
Our First Catch of the Day 
Imp. Command x5

Effects (2)
Battle Order
Grabber

Epic Events (1)
Commence Primary Ignition '

Strategy: '

In Response to reviews, I never play outside locals yet, but someday I will win worlds. Also, I use 5 Commands because getting Piett first turn is vital. Also, since I will have him and Thrawn out, reducing them to one destiny or adding one will really help. Please take this into consideration when reviewing this and all of my other decks.

This is mostly a fun deck, but has a good shot at winning. The surprise factor will be huge when there Outrider and Superfalcon both get sucked up and leave a small Pulsar Skate w/Mirax up against your Executor and Chimaera with Piett, Merrejk, and Thrawn as pilots Even against the Superfalcon, Imp command really rules because, well duh. Suck it up at the end of the battle and capture them with We Have A Prisoner. Better yet, take the Falcon and have the fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy on dark side for once. This deck will especially rule against EBO with Zuckuss (no destiny for them), SSPFT to limit Hyper Escapes, and Tractor Beaming away their ships. Leave the Rebel Fleet torn apart and fighting against each other for control of the universe, while the Imperial admirals sit on the Bridge of their Star Destroyer and laugh. 
Gameplay
Early Game First turn you should have a Command, if not then draw for one. Anyway first turn you should have a Command, so get Piett, pull Merrejk, pull the Executor, pull Fondor. Also grab a DS site (the War Room). Somehow get the Executor DB (i dunno mebbe I should start IAO instead of SSPFT? I guess I’ll do that (so now this deck has only one Piett and Merrejk, and has an Executor DB, and starts IAO instead of SSPFT and SSPFT is a non-starting effect)). Anyway pull the Exec DB and get Piett and Merrejk there, pull Fondor, all that happy stuff. Next few turns deploy more DS sites and gunners and get ready to blow away Alderaan. Blow it away in the early game and then go onto the...

Mid-Game By now your objective should be flipped and you should be draining at Fondor, Sullust, Endor and Kiffex. Have a Tractor Beam/Ion Cannon at all systems except for Fondor (only drain 3 instead of 4 so they won’t attack you and Exec there) Use Tractor Beam Interrupts to capture their ships and use them against the other player. Sit back, relax, and enjoy the show as the Rebel Fleet squares off with itself with star destroyers looming in the background. Hehe. Unless they have lots of retrieval, they should not survive until the....

End-Game Keep the drains going. By the mid-game you should have Battle Order out and Palpy and Vader holding down the DS DB. Deploy Maul on Zuckuss’s Ship for probing against Hidden Base Flip, or just wrecking against WYS. You should be coasting along to the...

Victory Probably the easiest part of the game. All you have to do is clean up your cards, and walk across the room to the td and report your win.

Changes I just realized. Take the grabber out because there are 61 cards, and take out one Lord Vader for a Lateral Damage. Thanks a bunchfor reading and reviewing. Good luck in tourneys to everyone with this deck. Thanks again
The future world champ, Phil  '