---
layout: post
author: ! Neal "Dredlox" Razi
title: ! "Dredlox’s Type II HardCore Senators"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-31
description: ! "This is a type II(Ep 1) dedicated Senate Deck.  High Destiny/Multiple Battle Destiny with retrieval."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (5)
---------------------------
My Lord, Is That Legal?/I Will Make It Legal 
Coruscant Galactic Senate 
Tatooine Desert Landing Site 
The Phantom Menace 
Neimodoidian Advisor  

Locations(3)
--------------------------
Blockage Flagship Bridge 
Tatooine Marketplace 
Tatooine Mos Espa 

Senators (15)
-------------------------
Aks Moe  x2
Edcel Bar Gane  x2
Lott Dod  x2
Orn Free Taa  x2
Passel Argente 
Tikkes  x2
Toonbuck Toora  x2
Yeb Yeb Adem&þ  x2



Other Chars(8)
--------------------------
Darth Maul  x3
Gardulla The Hutt 
P-59  x2
P-60 
Tey How 

Ships (1)
----------------------------
Trade Federation Droid Control Ship 

Political Effects (2) 
--------------------------
This is Outrageous 
Accepting Trade Federation Control 

Effects(2)
---------------------------
Begin Landing Your Troops 
Wipe Them Out, All Of Them 

Interrupts(22)
---------------------------
Alter  x3
Control x3
Kill Them Immediately 
Maul Strikes 
Neimodoidian Advisor  
No Civility, Only Politics  x3
Sense  x3
Squabbling Delegates  x2
The Point Is Conceded  x3
We Must Accelerate Our Plans.  x2

Weapons (2)
-----------------------
Maul’s Lightsaber  x2


'

Strategy: '

¤IMPORTANT NOTICE¤
------------------------------------
As usual with my decks anyone who rates this poorly based on newer sets released after the posting of this deck will find their review deleted and docked tech points.  Have a nice day.

UPDATE and RESPONSES
------------------------------------
This deck is extensively playtested.  I had Keder, but he seemed unnecessary.  The only other neimo who is actually very good in this deck is Rune Haako.  Combined with Yeb Yeb, you’ll always reduce a destiny assuming they don’t play some interrupt like Stay Here Where It’s Safe.  It really doesn’t need more ability, that’s the way high destiny decks work.  Hyperdrive’s gone is not much of a problem, because, well, because it’s a bad objective for one, and secondly Maul+destiny adds+Toonbuck just wipes them out, all of them.  Also, I like the space package too.  I really don’t seem to need more maul’s, he almost never dies, and the desert landing site kind of rules out Naboo.  Anyhow, hope that answers some questions.

A few more updates.  I like many of the suggestions, namely another Maul Strikes and maybe a Coruscant Guard.  I originally left him out because of my No Civilities, then he would make my forfeit 0.  

I want to address the I Did It people keep mentioning.  It is an annoyance at best.  It’s not like I haven’t playtested this against Pod-racing, ok?  Stop saying I Did It kills, because frankly, it does nothing.  I lose 6 force.  Ok, I always retrieve 8 from Squabbling.  I can cycle my senators on the opponents turn with Wipe Them Out+ The Point is Conceeded.  It’s merely an annoyance.  Test it out if you’d like.  Racing requires a lot of card slots to do effectively, and I’d just as soon have them squander those slots, and I’m using the card slots to kill whatever ability they have.  So please don’t mention I Did It unless you’ve playtested it and can offer some real advice or I’ll delete the review.
-------------------------------------


First when reviewing this deck, please remember it is a TYPE II deck (EP 1), meaning only cards from Ep 1 are allowed.  So kindly don’t say ”Where’s Vader?” or rate it low because it’s Type II.

This is a dedicated senators deck that is very powerful.  I’m putting it up now to give the other FL players a chance -), because I’m playing in hopefully 2 type II tournament this weekend, and this deck is winning every game and by 25+ each time.

What makes this deck so good?  Mostly the fact that it can take a lot of damage, and deals out a lot of damage.

Take a lot of damage
1) Block drains - you’ll notice lots of senators, This is outrageous.  Keep cycling your senators.
2) Reducing destiny - Accepting Trade Control, see above.
3) One battle destiny at sites.  This is Edcel, he is huge.
4) Retrieval - The marketplace is the best tatooine site now, imho.  With a nearly invincible maul camped out, you’ll retrieve a force a turn.  Gardulla, another underrated type II card, retrieves almost another force a turn (combine with yeb yeb and you’ll never lose).  Finally the fat squabbling delegates nets you another 8 usually.

Gives a lot of damage
This deck is built on the John Arendt principles of high destiny combined with multiple destinies.  The senators are 5 and 6 for the most part (ambition) and they cycle (after blocking drains).  Add in the 2 squabbling delegates, 3 point is concededs, the various 5’s like Accelerating Plans and Advisor and you have some really good destinies.

Destiny adds
1) Maul Strikes - unbelievably powerful
2) P59-and P-60
3) No civility and any of my 15 senators

Special notes
The Phantom Menace+Edcel+Accepting Control - No way to stop Maul.  He’ll drill Qui gon(the only guy who can hit him), and the one destiny draw -3 for the effect makes him almost unkillable due to attrition

Senators
These decks, at least the dedicated ones, play like ROPS.
benefits
1) Add 5 to attrition
2) block drains
3) subtract from destiny
4) draw cards with Tikkes and Orn Free
5) View opponents destiny
6) Tunnel vision every turn()
7) Hymn To tourach every turn
8) Hit swarms with Passel
9) Limit Destiny
10) Add battle destinies with no civility (best interrupt in type II)
11) Retrieve force
12) Add to your force gen with Tikkes.

Battles in the senate
If you get off to a slow start in the senate here’s the trick.  Use The Phantom menace to Deploy Lott Dodd as much as needed + the many point is concededs to continually knock out opponent’s best politicians.  Then wait until you can get the majority and drop everyone.  You’ll draw 2 destinies, add a bunch to attrition and hopefully subtract 3 from his and limit him to one destiny.  That should mop them up quick.  You must control the senate, but it shouldn’t be too hard.  They’ll usually make 2 runs at it.

Isn’t that too many senators?
No, they cycle and are very high destiny draws.  Remember No civility can pull them into your hand at the end of the game for diff.  If the senate is not a concern, save one or two to go out and battle with maul and the battle droids and No civity.  They also have VERY high forfeits.  Then retrieve them with Marketplace and Gardulla.

Tey How and Battleship
Granted these two are iffy.  However, against  janky non unique spread and drain space decks, between senators foreiting for 7-8 on the ship and tey how blocking drains, and you actually adding 4-5 to your attrition, you can remain competive in space, at least enough to slow them down.  Don’t forget Passel, he is awesome.  Remember that How does deploy from the reserve deck usually, and her forfeit is 7 with Lott and Landing, and she can Harc Seff the opponent.  Do not deploy the ship without How or Vice Versa, just tunnel vision till you get them together.

Why no Pod Racing defence?
It doesn’t seem necessary.  With the huge amount of retrieval, the 6 force hit isn’t too bad, and Wipe Them Out can help you when you need to save force.  Remember, there isn’t any Draw their fire in this envt, so the only one force is often plenty.


Final Notes
You need to practice with this deck.  There are an unbelievable amount of game texts, but when you remember them all, you’re firing away with all cylinders on the opponent.  It’s the maul show mainly, but you’ll see that even Tey how + a senator or some Destroyer Droids can deal out some serious attrition.  Familiarize yourself with the gametexts (esp the secondary ones of chars like Orn Free and Tikkes) and the secondary texts on the political effects.  You’ll find this a very powerful type II deck, just remember you must keep the senate.  Tunnel Vision for your locations or Accelerates and get your force going, this deck is a little light on force if the Tikkes isn’t operating.

Well hope you enjoyed Good Luck

Neal

'