---
layout: post
author: ! Alexandre "Lord Kenobi" Dufresne
title: ! "That Things Operational Again v2.0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-25
description: ! 'This is a new and improved DSII deck which includes the New effect that helps out this deck. (See stategy section for its text)'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)

Endor Operations/ Imperial Outpost 
Endor 
Endor Bunker 
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Operational As Planned 
Death Star II
Moff Jerjerrod 
Perimeter Patrol 

Locations (11)

Endor 
Endor Bunker 
Endor Docking Bay 
Death Star II
Death Star II Docking Bay 
Death Star II Coolant Shaft 
Death Star II Capacitors 
Death Star II Reactor Core 
Wakeelmui 
Kessel    
Sullust 

Characters (4)

Arica 
U- 3PO
Commander Merrjk 
Moff Jerjerrod 

Starships (14)

Dreadnaught x2 
TIE Interceptor x10 
The Emperors Shield 
The Emperors Sword

Effects (14)

Sienar Fleet Systems 
Perimeter Patrol 
Desperate Counter 
Oppressive Enforcement & There is No Try  
Lateral Damage 
Secret Plans  
Come Here You Big Coward 
Pride of The Empire 
Resistance 
Endor Shield 
Ability, Ability, Ability
Mobilization Points 
Battle Order 
We Shall Double Our Efforts  

Interrupts (11)

Operational as Planned   
Short Range Fighters x2 
All Power To Weapons x3 
Masterful Move  
Ghhhk x2
Twilek Advisor x2 

Weapons (3)

SFS L-s9.3 TIE Cannon x2 
Superlaser Mark II

Admirals Orders (1)

Fighter Cover

Epic Events (1)

Operational as Planned 

Objectives (1)

Endor Operations/ Imperial Outpost
'

Strategy: '

* Star either We Shall Double Our Efforts or Perimeter Patrol, usually just start Perimeter Patrol if your opponent uses a Endor Based deck, then he has to have the Endor Rebel Landing Site down, in order to avoid having to deploy to other Endor sites and then suffering a lose of 1 force per character. 

Then later in the game once you have more cards with Ability out then just drop down Ability, Ability, Ability and he we suffer even worse, especially if he uses a There is Good In Him Deck that doesn&#8217;t use the Rebel Landing Site. With that in mind, he has to deploy a card with Ability or lose 2 force and if his only option is to deploy it to Endor, he better have the Rebel Landing site or he will lose force for deploying them. Against decks like WYS that effect may not help you to much as he will deploy like mad to Tatooine, so then concentrate on getting out Come Here you big coward as then with cards like Harvest he will have to use force to retrieve force That also limits what he deploys as he will have to save force for when he retrieves. 

For the other cards, if he doesn&#8217;t start some sort of Endor deck, then just start the new Tatooine effect instead of Perimeter Patrol. 

For the New card We Shall Double Our Efforts, here is the game text.

Deploy on Table, adds 1 to X on That Thing&#8217;s Operational. At DSII Sectors, opponent&#8217;s starfighters are maneuver &#8211;5. When opponent is attempting to &#8220;blow away&#8221; Death Star II, sbtract 2 from opponents total (Immune to Alter)

Why those specific Characters? 

Moff Jerjerrod & Commander Merrjk pull your locations and the other 2 characters Arica and U- 3PO cancel 2 of the opponents drains by deploying to an opponents site. 

Why no vader? 

You don&#8217;t need him and with Short Range Fighters, you will retrieve your lost force and be causing your opponent big force losses with your other cards. 

Why only 1 That Things Operational? 

Vs. Most decks Home One would be the only capital ship so you just blow that up. If he uses a Mon Cal deck, then just get it back with Short Range fighters and repeat the process again. 

Most people know how to set the DSII up so I don&#8217;t think I need to explain it to you. 

Vs. There is Good In Him beat downs 

Just start Perimeter Patrol and get out Ability, Ability, Ability as soon as possible as that will hurt your opponent as if he doesn&#8217;t deploy a character he loses 2 force and if he does he will most likely have to deploy it to endor, which will cost him 1 force for each character. 

VS. Watch Your Step 

Just deploy Arica and U3PO to Tatooine to cancel 2 of your opponents drains there and get out your stuff like CHYBC, Sienar Fleet Systems etc.

For most of the other decks, just play it as you see fit and in the end you should emerge victorious        
'