---
layout: post
author: Stephen "Texan" Beckham
title: 'Endorian Manipulation'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-30
description: ! 'This is how ewoks were meant to be played'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
Agents In The Court/No Love For The Empire 
Tatooine  Hutt Trade Route(desert) 
Jabba&#8217;s Palace  Audience Chamber 
Heading For The Medical Frigate 
Yarna d&#8217;al&#8217; Gargan 
Strike Planning
Uh-oh 
Scrambled Transmission

Characters (26) 
Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Daughter of Skywalker
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk
General Crix Madine
Oola x 2
Tessek
Momaw Nadon
Wuta x 3
Graak
Kazak x 2
Romba
Logray
Corran Horn
Ewok Sentry x 9 

Locations (5) 
Endor Hidden Forest Trail
Endor Back Door
Endor Chief Chirpa&#8217;s Hut
Endor Great Forest
Endor Rebel Landing Site

Weapons (1)
Anikan&#8217;s Lightsaber

Effects (6) 
Bo Shuda 
I Hope She&#8217;s Alright
Bargaining Table x 2
Projection of a Skywalker
Sandwhirl

Interrupts (13) 
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes x 2
The Signal
It&#8217;s A Trap x 2
You Will Take Me to Jabba Now x 3
Out of Commission & Transmission Terminated x 2
Shocking Information & Grimtaash x 2
Houjix & Out of Nowhere

Cards I want to Add
Teebo because extra forfeit can be a very under-rated part of the game in today&#8217;s meta
Clash of Sabers because with TIEs being huge everywhere but here, I think I would need this incase of Presence of the Force if I ever ventured out.
Insertion Planning because &#8211;3 is sweet and so is a destiny six.
Ithorians because drains and activation are really cool.
'

Strategy: '

This is a somewhat basic Light Side manipulation deck.  You have your Shocking Informations because Dark Side Manipulation is not cool, you have have your Grimtaashs because Space is not cool and you have your Oola because she is just damned cool.  Granted she only sends characters back to the used pile, that is all you need to get running.  Your first question I know is why are you using Ewoks?  Well, believe it or not these guys are worth a second look.  Lets us look at the specific ewoks so you can see why I choose them.

Wuta is the only ewok I have tons of go figure that is very useful.  He has an ability of two and at most sites will be a power of two.  With five Endor sites in the deck you should pull one in opening hand if not drawing up.  He will allow you to pull the sites and put them into play.
Graak lets you drain straight off the top.  Cannot beat that.  He serves the same purpose with Kazak as the old Gailid/Mosep combo. This will make people lose key cards and then you can try at Out of Commissioning them to play out of play a key card. 
Kazak adds one to your force drains where you have an ewok.  If you can spread out quick and keep a somewhat strong hold on the sites you have the potential to be draining for 15 at your sites with Tessek protected in the chamber.
Romba adds to your force generation where you have an ewok.  If you can cover all your sites (which I am not suggesting always doing) you can be activating a total of 19 a turn.  This is great for getting around Battle Order and for using Oola.
Logray adds one to your total battle destiny where you have an ewok.  This is not the greatest but it is good enough to consider him part of the ewok team.  I sometimes think about taking him out for Teebo for the added forfeit but with the good fives I have in here, it would be sweet to be able to take out Vader with one of my fives.
Ewok Sentry are the bread and butter.  These guys are normally going to be power 2 and a forfeit of four.  Not great but good enough.  Do not over deploy these guys.  Save as many as you can.  You need them to be stacking on the bargaining table.  Why might you ask?  Well if they are there, that means they served a good purpose of blocking a drain.  Plus when the dark side drops a squad on your guys they deploy FOR FREE.  Yes, with Tessek in the chamber you are deploying these buggers for free on Endor.  That means you instantly have tons more power.  If you are lucky and they drop on DoS you are getting a power three ewok each time you deploy one.  Gotta love that.

So as you can see you have huge activation, huge drain potential and a good reactable group of furballs.  The mains are in there mainly for backup support and good game text.  Lets look at them now and see why they are good in here.

Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout so you can rid yourself of Vader and hopefully Palpatine in a BHBM deck because dark side mains and toys are not cool.
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight because he is a good all around character to have fighting along side you.
Daughter of Skywalker because she adds to your ewoks forfeit and power at the same sites.  Plus she can hold Anikans saber for heavy power.
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk is a little tech in here.  Use him to pull all your Wutas so you can block the right huge drains with them.  You can also use Wuta to cancel a battle destiny.  Keep that in mind when you are playing.
General Crix Madine is in here to pull CoK.  Good guy to forfeit and has a decent power and draws destiny with an Ewok.
Momaw Nadon can steal Bubo who then eats all of the dark side characters.  Eat that.  Total tech and total manipulation. HAHAHAHAHA
Corran Horn replaced Teebo because an undercover spy can really wreck your high drains.

Do not forget you can cancel battle destiny with Wuta.  That has been key to winning me games.  This deck is a basic Agents deck since you just spread and drain, but the only difference is you are spreading at a different planet.  You power will be seen by all when you react have your ewoks to the same site.  Just remember to pull your Tessek first with YWTMTJ.  Then you can get your Oola and Momaw if needed.  The combination of using Oola to look at your opponents hand then grimtaashing them if they are doubling up is so broken if you ask me.  Ewoks are more of a backup to my manipulation.  If you are looking for the crappy Ewok interrupts do not look.  They really serve me no purpose so I do not need them nor do I have room for them.  Here are the other cards you might be wondering why I am using.

Bo Shuda will take away the chamber and make it a haven for your aliens.  Just remember not to deploy any rebels here or you are screwed because you will lose your Bo Shuda.
I Hope She&#8217;s Alright is my last line of defense against TIES.  This should help me stay on top of the game a little better
Projection of a Skywalker is cool to slow them down where you are not or to add to your activation for your little tricks.
Sandwhirl is total tech in here.  This will never go because it is so darned cool.  With the trade route all out there with no one at it, the dark side tends to drop there and try to drain you for two a turn or use Vader and saber for three a turn.  Drop the whirl down and make them all lost then if you want to drop down Jedi Luke to make sure that search parties get whipped out.
It&#8217;s A Trap is in here because Snipers will really hurt you plus you can cancel a battle if you are about to get raped.

I did not include ships and landing claws because any decent space deck has two Ghyyyk combos so they are pointless and plus I do not have the four plus card slots to fill up with them.
So do not tell me I need ships because my drains are massive enough to get around Battle Order and Zuckuss and Bossk can rape any space fleet I put up there.


Matchups
Agents of the Black Sun
Well this ought to be interesting.  I have yet to play even a sorry version of this.  Oola should be a one girl wrecking crew at slowing them down.  I have also noticed these decks play with A LOT of doubles of characters since selection is small.  Use Oola to look at them and then Grimtaash any hidden weapons or whatever.  Both sides of their objective seem pretty decent but once Luke is down you can ewok bash and crew coming after him.  I make it sound easy but I am not sure.  I am positive that these decks are most reactive decks so a fast drain deck like this that limits their hand size should win.

Hunt Down
This is truly the deck I hate because choke Vader and Tarkin will wreck you.  Sorry but they will.  Most of the time I tend to get high power which saves me though.  Use Projection early on your sites to limit their drains wherever they plop Vader.  Cancel the Visage unless you get Luke out early.  If you have Luke early make sure both of yall lose to the Visage.  The great part of this deck is that you can drop an Ewok and retrieve it where he can not do the same.  Hunt Down has not real retrieval so use that to your advantage.  Most guys will go and drop on the Trade Route first turn also.  Just sandwhirl him after they give him some support characters.  Trust me, with the somewhat limited amount of characters in the Hunt Down decks they will take a long time finding him plus they will have to commit lots of guys there to get him so you can projection it and they only drain for 1+modifiers.  Oola can easily wreck this deck too.

BHBM
Give them Rebel Scout Luke and drain your @#$% off.  I say this because you probably will not win a majority of the battles unless they battle at adjacent sites so you can react everywhere.  Drain fast and from the top and hope they lose their damn sevens.  This will win you the game if you can go fast.  If it does not, it serves you right for playing with Ewoks lol.  Grimtaash is great against this deck if you catch them drawing too much and you can get the sevens or doubles of Vader.  Oola will help out tremendously too.

TIES
Well you can tell what you have to do here.  Block drains the best you can.  Spread out and drain fast.  They will normally have EPP Vader in their deck too.  If he drops down just Houjix the damage, go beat up on Vader and drain them off the top.  You have to be fast in this game or you might get out drained yourself.  I Hope She Is Alright should be the icing on your cake.  Remember your grimtaashes and you should do well.  If you can get rid of TIEs and dreads you will be doing really good.  I wish I had alters and someone to use them with to get rid of the little effects they will throw out there.

ISB
If they go space good for them.  It will run pretty much the same way except 5d6 will be a thorn in your side.  If they come to trample you with walkers, reach over the table, @#$% slap them and ask why in the hell do they have to be so mean.  Other than that you will win.  Just setup fast and hopefully Graak will show up and they will lose lots to your drains.  That is best case scenario too.  Hopefully your manipulation will do a lot which I think it will since they play lots of ORS and stuff.  Just have to play it to find out.  If it is the scum part, let them deploy to Tatooine and sandwhirl them all and laugh in their face for being so foolish.  I really dislike playing ISB if you cannot tell.  You are stealing their chamber against scum so that will hurt but so will them using Mosep so just go as fast as you can.
'