---
layout: post
author: ! joe "brangus" horbey
title: ! "ISB Space - a k a  End of Light Side"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-01
description: ! " This deck takes complete control of the game."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting  (6)

ISB/ESA
Coruscant
Prepared Defenses
There Is No Try/Oppresive Enforcement
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order

Locations  (7)
Fondor
Kashyyk
Endor
Sullust
Wakeelmui
Executor  Docking Bay
Endor  Docking Bay

Characters  (19)
Admiral Motti
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral Chireaneau
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Admiral Piett
Arica
Darth Vader with Lightsaber x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Commander Igar
Commander Merrejk
Outer Rim Scout x5
U-3PO
R-D6-RA7 x2

Starships  (8)
Executor
Chimaera
Avenger 
Devastator
Tyrant
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Vader’s Personal Shuttle

Vehicles  (3)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1
Blizzard Walker

Effects  (8)
Imperial Decree
You Cannot Hide Forever
Lateral Damage
Battle Order
Secret Plans
There’ll Be Hell To Pay x3

Interrupts  (9)
Those Rebel’s Won’t Escape Us/Ghyyyk
Imperial Command x4 
Point Man
Abyssin Ornament
Twi’lek Advisor x2


'

Strategy: '

====Update #1====

1. The destiny isn’t great, but the power is insane, who needs good destiny with power 20+?

2. All these people saying I took their deck and changed it...just who are you anyways )? I have never heard of most of you...

3. Yes, I mentioned the Death Star  Docking Bay in my strat...it should be the Endor Docking bay...

I built this deck to counteract WYS since it basically shuts down the drains on tatooine and takes control of the planet to prevent Celebration.

Card Choices 

Wakeelmui VS. Rendlii -

I chose to use Wakeelmui over Rendlii for several reasons. If I use Rendlii, my opponent will likely deploy there to satisfy Battle Order, forcing me to dump starships there and basically stick myself with a drain of 1 since they cannot move away. With Wakeelmui, the opponent cannot deploy directly there as he has no icons, making it harder to get down any ships early. The other advantage of using Wakeelmui is that I do not provide my opponent with any planets to satisfy Battle Order save the planets I have covered with Star Destroyers. It also tricks your opponent into thinking you are playing TIE’s, which scares some WYS decks into not deploying early to space.

Tyrant -
I play these because they deploy for less than most star destoyers, and I rarely find myself deploying less than 2-3 characters about my ships so destiny is not a problem. The limited hyperspeed is not a problem as my draining systems are all within 2 parsecs of each other. 

Strategy

Drop scrubs to the docking bays early on for activation. Early game draw for a star destroyers, some admirals, and imperial command. Once you have these down, you should be safe from anything the light side can throw at you. Get Chiraneau down ASAP to add to drains at Endor, Sullust, Kashyyyk, and Fondor. Take over a site on their planet, or, if they are playing Docking Bays, take over the Endor Docking Bay and make them pay for their drains with Battle Order. If they come to space, crush them with insane power and destiny limitation via Imperial Command.

Specifics

WYS -

Do not pull Wakeelmui, unless your draw the executor in your opening hand, instead, pull the executor. I usually pull Piett with Imperial Command on the first turn, deploy him (-2) to the executor docking bay, pull merrejk with piett, and pull Fondor with Merrejk. Take control of Tatooine with Star Destroyers. Take control of a docking bay on Tatooine with walkers, and you win the game. The only place they will be able to drain you is the cantina, and you can block that was Arica, or lose and ISB agent every turn and retrieve it. 3 Grabbers and Secret Plans insures that will retrieval will not be a factor in this game. When you have Tatooine secure, deploy more ships to your draining systems and win. If you can’t hold a tatooine site, drop RD6-RA7 to their planet instead and hold the Death Star Docking Bay. This is an auto-win.

HB Mains -

Play very cautiously in this matchup. Most HB Mains decks will pack the super falcon package, so save a force for DTF, and don’t deploy to space until you have an Imperial Command. As with most matchups, take over the Endor  Docking Bay for Battle Order, get down Secret Plans, grab their retrieval cards and win.  

EBOx -

In this matchup, start Imperial Decree over TINT/OE. Get your walkers down to the 3rd and 1st Marker to put Decree into effect. This will turn your opponents deck from an EBO deck to a normal space deck. Grab Organized Attack and All Wings Report In if your opponent plays them. From there just battle wisely and win.


Those are the most popular decks out there right now...If you want a strategy for a certain, less popular deck, just d-mail.  '