---
author: Pyry "Blizzard" Nystrom
title: 'Operational and Dangerous!'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-18
description: 'Solid and dangerous DSII deck with unique style. Destroys almost anything.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting(8)
Endor operations/Imperial outpost
Endor
Endor:Bunker
Endor:Landing platform
Operational as planned
Death Star II to hand
Moff Jerjerrod to hand
Mobilization points to hand

Locations(7)
DSII:Coolant shaft
DSII:Capasitators
DSII:Reactor core
Sullust
Kiffex
Kashyyyk
Rendili

Characters(13)
2xVader with saber
Grand moff Tarkin
Grand admiral Thrawn
Prince Xizor
Guri
Admiral Piett
Commander Merrejk
Dr Evazan & Ponda Baba
Boba Fett with Rifle
IG-88 with Riotgun
Arica
U-3PO

Starships(10)
Executor
Chimaera
Dominator
Bossk in HD
Zuckuss in MH
Dengar in PO
The Emperors Shield
The Emperors Sword
Virago
Stinger

Vehicles(2)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2

Effects(6)
Imperial degree
Battle order
Secret plans
Lateral damage
Therell be hell to pay
Oppressive enforcement

Interrupts(11)
Twilek advisor
Monnock
Masterfull move
Ghhhk
2xSense & Uncertain is the future
3xSet for stun
Elis helrot
Dark maneuvers

Weapons/Devices(1)
Superlaser mkII

Admirals orders(1)
Battle deployment

Epic events(1)
That thing`s operational 

Strategy: 

This deck is my version of DSII deck. I prefer to use the objective because its more
solid than to use only endor-system instead.
Basic idea is to build your Death Star ASAP. Then drain and cause direct damage. Direct
damage from DSII is more secure than cancellable drain bonuses from Ominous rumours. Also
it gives you much help in space war. Thats why this deck type can be exellent.
There is some major difrences between this deck and normal DSII decks. Youll notice that
i start with Mobilization points instead of Desperade counter(witch is not even in my deck).

First turn play Moff J to bunker and play Rendili, pull sector to DSII and so on...
You will get a lot of activation because of Mob.points and DSII and its sectors.
Put some badass in bunker to support Moff J incase they have a spy in hand.

Because of your tremendous fleet and many big pilots(everything supported by operational Death Star) supreme space victory should be unavoidable. 
If Falcon is your nightmare, play GURI to space(Executor will really do the job).
If X-wings are coming, keep your boats in tight groups. Battle deployment with Thrawn is 
iron here(-2 to power of each X-wing). If guns are suspected keep guys in capitals. Also
Dark maneuvers can save your ships.

This deck is also powerfull in the ground with its mains and walkers. 
You have two auto-undercover spies also. 
=So this deck should be very SOLID. 

IMPORTANT PART!!!
OK. Now you think how the heck can i defend my DS from being blown away! There are no guns,
no Desperade counter, not many TIEs. But as you see there is 3xSet for stun! Stun their
General Calrissian, Han Solo or ANY pilot(s) they send. Their ships will just be floating junk
in the DSII sectors(where no one can deploy)! Ok Luke will be trouble, but who plays him to
space or sends him to blow DSII up??? You have two trackable sixes, so you can have a shot at him. = So DSII is NOT gonna blow!! 
"Were quite safe from your friends here." 
-The Emperor

Some card explanations:
Vader with saber: Best vader for this kind deck(according to my opinion). Lord Vader needs
separate saber to efficient and any decent ground deck will laugh at his attrition immunity.
Choke Vader is good, but i thing auto-saber is even better.

Elis helrot: with no imperial arrest order this card can be a game winner. If opponent has
insurrection, you can still move with it.

Other cards are self-explaining(Ask me if not).

Alright then here comes the matchups:

MWYHL: Drain heavily and battle. JT1 will do them no good! When they are about to do JT5,
screw thier tracking with uncertain is the future!

EBO: Conquer space, rule the ground and drain. Walkers can storm Hoth if necessary. Imperial degree will help.

WYS: Take space. Grap their key interrupt. Conguer ground, Thrawn and Battle deployment will
do wonders in your conquest for Tatooine. Park your Moon over their planet. 

RTP: Rule space, fight in ground. Imperial degree will kill them.

QMC: Take Bespin=win, so A LOT OF FORCE THERE! Remember to give Bespin one extra Moon.

Mains: Battle and drain. Youll have the power to compete with them. And your drains and direct
damage will hurt them too much.

Agents in court: Start Battle order. Aliens and droids can strike them. Imperials will probably have to move to JP.
Walkers can attack to sandstormed sites.

HP: Havent played ever so ??? Your fleet is enough to create a threat or crush them.

Profit: Put Boba Fett and Xizor to AC. Send more guys ASAP. Drain them from space.

Thanks for reviews! Tell me what went wrong(if any). If you get interrested and want to find out more, just mail me! 