---
layout: post
author: ! michael "Deck" Gemme
title: ! "RANCOURT"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-09
description: ! 'Rancor Deck.  Tourney worthy.  eat guys.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Court of the vile ganagster/ i will enjoy watching your smugglers get eaten by my rancor.

Start
Audience Chamber
Pit of Carkoon
Dungeon
Prepared Defenses
All Wrapped Up
Power of the Hut
No Bargain

Locations (5)
Jabbas Palace x2
Rancor Pit
Lower Passages
 Docking bay

Characters (20)
SPED Jabba
Mighty Jabba
4lom x2
Guri x2
Xizor
Mara
Snoova
Jodo KasH
Boba Fett x2
Dengar w/ gun
Aurra Sing
Gaylid
IG w/ Gun
Boelo 
Ephant Mon
Chall Bekan
DR E / Ponda B

Creatures (1)

RANCOR


Starships (6)
IG
Stinger
Virago
Zuckuss
Bossk
Dengar

Interrupts (12)
Trap Door x3
Elis Helrot
Omni Box/its worse
Twilek Advisor
Control/Set For Stun
None Shall Pass x2
Imperial Barrier
Hidden Weapons x2

Effects (8)
Something Special Planned
Scum and Villany x2
There is no Try
Secret Plans
Blast Door Controls
Hutt Influence
First Strike

Weapons (2)
Vibrator axe
mara’s lightsword
'

Strategy: '

Before i begin, i named this deck after my first year philosophy teacher, brother rancourt.  he hated me.  but the name fits.  today i get my schedule.. apparently my ethics class had a teacher as TBA... that teacher... brother rancourt.. god help me

First of all.  Coruscant aint legal yet.  this deck is still viable.  So say coruscant will kill this (even though it wont, only the senate will), but then f yourself.  thanks.

So this runs like a normal court deck.  Do your thing in the palace and then play the game like it needs to be played. Find scum ASAP. dont do anything without scum its not worth it.  Also, always know where the rancor is, and try to get the pit too, you dont wanna lose those.  i never do, but it takes practice

Major problem with my deck is that i wasnt playing bosssk last weekend and i only didnt realize it til now.  there is a wide array of ships that a person playing this deck must utilize, this deck can handle space.. easily.

To set up, its important to use the spaceport dbay where mos espa would be.  you can put the dbay behind the palace, that way you dont have to walk all the way from the cantina. its kinda simpler ya know?  i dunno.. it just works.

Hayes Hunter asked me why i played so many ships when i can pull them. i think thats the exact reason i play so many ships.. i can pull them.  if i get guri and zuckuss in my opening hand, i can pull the stinger, and drop them both for 6 force after i get scum out.  which is pretty rediculous.  Then if i can get the virago and xizor, its kinda over in space. 

One thing i have been doing is wait for them to deploy, and then go after them.  Against WYS i think its important to hold the cantina because then they will definitely come after you.  Ive tried to think of ways to do this faster, but youd have to play dbays and mob points to have uber activation, that wont work.  cantina is important, but its not a problem to invade with chall and snoova and like 3 other guys for cheap and do that.

Eating dudes with the rancor is not important, but it is huge.  it presents such a high force swing, that its stupid not to try.  whenever i have a droid, ill give whoever i capture to that droid and start towards the palace.  Eating guys is easy, it takes a while, but late game, it saves you big time.  You can easily do huhge damage wiht First Strike/scum.  retreiving 3 and doing one damage is big.  also, if the play draw their fire, its obviously ten times better.

I made this deck (well steve made it) to combat wys and mains and profit after we saw some scrub kick the shiznit out of this kid stinky at a local.  he ate quigon and jedi luke.. and toasted him.  the kid was rated like 1130.  Basically, it eats up (haha) hayes’ pile type stuff becuase they come ot you, at the palace.  

Against the pile, set up guys to drain at the palace, they will come to you b/c they dont have battlegrounds.  then you capture, eat and whatever.  you are at an advantage in the palace obviously because of trap door, no bargain and none shall pass.

WYS is tricky because they have huge drains quick.  setting up is more important, you need scum out and you need stuff going on in the palace so you can play the rest of your game.  this is a tough mathcup, but when you eat chewie, or luke or han or talon card or wedge (preferably wedge or chewie, and ive eaten them all, so i know) there is no way they can do anything, you take all their guys out of the game. and its a cakewalk... becuase now you have the big drains.

If there’s anything else, i can obviosuly update the strategy.  its early and im hung over a little and i could be forgetting stuff.  but i wanted to post this b/c A ppl asked and B its a fun deck that actually wins.  Track your destinies

steebo made this

deck
'