---
layout: post
author: ! Pyry "Blizzard" Nystrom
title: ! 'Executor on sale!'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-11-19
description: ! 'In his great wisdom, Palpatine has ordered the Executor to be sold. This decision is made because of huge maintenance cost and too vulnerable bridge... In other words: All around powerhouse deck witch uses TDIGWATT/??? to take space and ground without Dar'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'The deal is getting worse all the time/Pray i dont alter it any further
CCUpper walkway
IAO & Secret plans
Preb.defences
Mob.points & You Cannot Hide For Ever
Crush The Rebellion
First Strike
Fear is my ally

Defensive Shields(10)
A Useless Gesture
Allegations of Corruption
Battle Order
There is no try
You`ve never won a race?
Fanfare
Resistance
Come here you big covard
We`ll let the fate-a dcide, Huh?
Crossfire

Locations(5)
Bespin
CCDocking bay
ExecutorDocking bay
Endor
Kashyyyk

Characters(19)
2xVader with saber
Grand Moff Tarkin
Darth Maul
Darth Maul, YA
Prince Xizor
Guri
Grand admiral Thrawn
Dr Evazan & Ponda Baba
Lando Calrissian
Emperor Palpatine
Captain Bewil
Admiral Chiraneau
Admiral Piett
Commander Merrejk
4-LOM with gun
Arica
U-3PO
Boba Fett, BH

Starships(6)
Executor
Chimaera
Bossk in HD
Zuckuss in MH
Dengar in PO
Stinger

Vehicles(3)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1
Blizzard 4

Effects(4)
They Must Never Again Leave This City
Cloud City Occupation
Lateral damage

Interrupts(12)
2xWMAOP
I Have You Now
Evader & Monnock
Ghhhk & Those rebels wont escape us
Shut him up or shut him down
4xImperial Barrier
Gravity Shadow
Theyre still coming through

Weapons/Devices(1)
Mauls Double-Saber

Admirals orders(2)
2xBattle deployment

Racers(1)
Sebulbas Podracer '

Strategy: '

Here is the basic idea whitch is very simple indeed. Use your big pile of mains and ships
to rule over ground and space. All the sites are exterior so your combat vehicles are
usefull. You get all sites from reserve and systems come in time or with Merrejk.
Activation is no problem with locations from reserve and mobilization points(even if they get suspendet). 

You should be able to crush all the resistance with the awesome potential of your warmachine.
Battle deployment really will make Cloud City yours, because of their destiny limit. Remember
to put Lando in to vehicle or ship Character base is powerfull and gets multiple
battle destinies easily. Free Executor(granted by They Must never again leave this city) is yours to command and pretty fast with 2xWMAOP Use Guri in space to stop destiny storms

This deck is a lot more versatile than the flipping version. You dont have to set up all day. Still you can get heavy drains and some DD.
So you can react against your opponent First Strike backs your aggressive strategy, and four barriers ensure that you`ll do the attacks(and retrieval)

Here come the matchups

MWYHL Use CC-occupation to deal damage.Drain heavily and battle. 

EBO Fight in space, rule the ground and drain. Walkers can storm Hoth if necessary. Resistance will help.

WYS Take space, use Guri there if necessary. Grap their key interrupt. Conguer ground, stay in your city.
drain them to pieces	

RTP Rule space, fight in ground. Try cancel bacta tank and kill the princess(many times).
"Shut him up or shut him down" will be their death.

QMC Take space and win, because of battle order making them pay. So A LOT OF FORCE THERE

Mains Battle and drain. Keep the iniative.

Agents in court Start Battle order. Aliens and droids can strike them. 
Walkers can attack to sandstormed sites. Drain race them to grave

Hyper generator ist kaput Take space, fight at ground and finally win

We`ll handle this Resistance and Battle order will do the job for you. Dont send your dark jedi to Naboo(unless pretty high tracked destinies or heavy back up by other guys or AT-ATs)

HP Your fleet is enough to create a threat or crush them. No Problemo man

Thats all folks Thanks for revieving. '