---
layout: post
author: Olivier "Bel Iblis" De Ridder
title: 'Packet of Sweets'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-31
description: 'I made this deck because to many people lower their defences vs. MWYHL. I might aswel profit from it!'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective(1)
Mind What You have learned/Save You it will!

Locations(6)
Dagobah
Dagobah : Y-man’s hut
Dagobah : The Local Gym( Training Area)
Dagobah : Jungle
Kessel
Lower Passages

Characters(21)
4xElom
Daughter Of Skywalker
Yoda , 800 Year Old Mentor
2xObi-Wan with Stick
Luke Skywalker , Jedi Knight
Tawss Khaa
Orrimaarko
2xHan with Gun
Dash Rendar
Corran Horn
Wedge , Rogue Leader
C-3PO
Melas
Lando with Exclude-Ax
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Luke With Lightsaver

Starships(4)
Home One
Red Squadron 1
Outrider
Millenium Falcon

Interrupts(13)
2xControl/Tunnel Vision
We Don’t Need Their Scum
Heading For The Medical Frigate
2xThe Signal
2xThe Bith Shuffle/Desperate Reach
A Few Maneuvres
2xRebel Barrier
2xOut of Commission/Transmission Terminated
Houjix/Out of Nowhere

Effects(11)
Goo Nee Tay
A Gift
Yoda’s Hope
Bo Shuda
Honor Of The Jedi
Order To Engage
The Way of Things
Squadron Assignments
Uncontrollable Fury
Battle Plan
Do, Or Do Not/Wise Advice

Jedi Tests(3)
Jedi Test 1 : Great Warrior
Jedi Test 2 : A Jedi’s Strenght
Jedi Test 3 : Domain of Evil

Weapons(1)
Luke’s saber 

Strategy: 

READ STRATEGY BEFORE REVIEWING!(Changes in decklist , see response to Jeeps)

----- Response to the reviews :-----------

Flufner : thanks for your review, you are a great player!

Jeeps : Ok , if both of you think so I have to agree
IN :  *BANTHA DROID , OUT : 3PO
      *Juke , Rebel Scout , OUT : Jedi Luke
      *Chewbacca,Protector , OUT : Chewbacca with gun ( now that im not using C-3PO anymore , hes better)
But I dont agree on anakins saber cause i always test with LEIA , so keep it ( +1defence value)
Other changes : in Captain Han Solo x1 out : Han EPP x1

----------------------------

I will first explain why some rathar strange cards and WHY play MWYHL again.
If your just interrested in the machups , skip the first section. Thanx for reading.
Please give a fair review that contains some personal ideas of the deck and improvments.
I ONLY TEST till 3 because it otherwise takes to many card slots.The greatest test are 1-3 , because there not hard to do.


*Why This? / Why That?

a)C-3PO?????? : Well , He has 2 purposes in this deck. First of all , hes ment for Court of the vile , and MKOS decks...The dude isnt a spy , so boe to all those players who thought there where save with Ephant Mon on the Chamber!!Here you go , a gift.Its more like a Troyan , when you open it you will notice that your destinys(battle) are -2.The extra -1 from Domein Of Evil
will give a battle destiny -3 to Court and those Set Your Course audience chamber decks , and a -1 to MKOS when its flipped.GREAT!!!
Second , less important tough , he adds a nice destiny with Chewbacca and gives an extra 2 power.

b)Honor Of The Jedi : Ive been playing a lot of tournaments the past months and I found out that DS players dont think they need No Escape!How many times that Ive heard : The fear that NO ESCAPE exist is enough , so you dont need it anymore is uncountable.Well for all those : WRONG!!! Im playing Honor , search and other things wont hurt me...And if they think that theyll get 3 BATTLEGROUNDS , they just can aswel forget it.This is a beatdown deck and HONOR still rocks!

c)Uncontrollable Furry : Tough Lord Vader is a popular card , theres a big chance they deploy Chocke vader or an other one instead.In many other games this card could have saved me , but it wasnt in. No that I now how WRONG that I was , its definatly a keeper.

d)We Dont Need their Scum : THE CARD of the moment!!!!!! Too may people play either an mixup alien / Imperial or a LOT of Bounty Hunters!
Combined with some great tracking , you can drain their power to 0 and your attrition to 0.
Try it out , and youll see what I mean.

e)BO SHUDA + ORDER : A well known COMBO with great effectivety against retrive scum decks blocking a force drain and their retrival.

f)Luke with Saber : This dude is GOD vs BHBM , go and slice Emperor on first turn :)If It fails , try again , again , again ... You can trow some forfeit with it and crush the sites needed for HONOR or S&D.

g)GOO NEE TAY : Great protection vs Miiyoom Oniths game text , making it a 1-1 sucker.
If you can get this card on your first turn vs Scum deck , youll be finding yourself on the way to a easy victory.TRULY , count if you will how MANY aliens a dark deck plays with ABILITY >2!
*TO TAKE SIR YODAs INVICIBLE COURT AS EXAMPLE : 11 !!!!!!!!So , you see , this card will have it use during your game.


*****MATCHUPS*****

vs BRING HIM : Start with Do Or Do Not / Theres no Try , Battle Plan and The Way of Things.
Get that Luke swapping out of your reserve and slice that Emperor into 1000 pices of concentrated energy!At the right time , give him a hard day with your eloms and We dont need their scum.With a +3 to drain , force drain bonuses gone , his destenies -1 and abilty six needed everywhere this should come down to a nice game. At the appripate time , give him the Jedi Knight, so his cross destenies are -4 ( 3 from luke and -1 from the test)

vs Hunt Down : Forbide hunting :) Start Do or Do Not / No try , Battle Plan , and The Way of Things. Use your spies and or transmission terminated s well , get mean with Luke and hes dead! ( cross destiny -5-1*2 + Lukes -3 , i wouldnt dear it , would you????)
Give him a hard time on the ground and youll see that HUNT DOWN isnt as good as some people tought it was!

vs MKOS : Start BATTLE PLAN , SQ ASSIGNMENTS and THE WAY ...  That would have been by far the hardest matchup next to Set your course , but with all the anti-alien , this game is , if you get your combos out, a laugh.
Honor = NO S&D , +Bo Shuda + Order = A Battleground less and force drain less , lower passages = GET YOUR GIFT There , so theyll be draining for 1 or 2 ! Mammie , im affraid :)
Did a mention that his	battle destinies are - 1 ( or 3 when he isnt flipped )GRIMTASSH when he goes over 12!

vs Court : Do the same as against MKOS , and theyll have it even tougher , because there battle destenies  are -3 , due the gift and Jedi Test 3.Come a bit faster to Tatooine now , unless they dont play NO ESCAPE! . Just play wise ,  give a grimtaash if neccesary , track and youll win with not a bit of trobbles.

SET YOUR COURSE :start the same as vs MKOS. TAKE OUT that bangus GLEE!!Give your opponent a hard time on the ground and win. Youll be very happy when its an AUDIENCE chamber deck , otherwise you should also have no trobbles!

THANKS AND ENJOY!
OLIVIER De Ridder
I will post strategy upon reviews





