---
author: Dunya "Hardpack" Ertan
title: 'Scan for victims Carbon freezing baby'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-05-07
description: 'Its battles and retives and battles'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

objective:

carbon chamber testing/my favorite decoration
jabba’s prize

location:
tatooine:docking bay
cloud city db
jabb’s palace: audience chamber
cloud city: carbonite chamber
cloud city: security tower
sail barge’s passeger place
tatoine prison

ships/vehicles:
Jabb’s space crusier
blizzard 1
jabb’s sail barge

red cards:
control/set for stun
defensive fire and hutt smooch
ghhk/those rebels x2
sundown/too cold for speeders
prepared defenses
power of the hutt
IAO
all wrapped up
first strike
reactor terminal
something special planned for them
search and destroy
battle order
imperial decree
ellis helrot x2
imperial barrierx2
hidden weapons x2
scanning crew x4
scum and villany

green cards:
mara jades lightsaber
carbon chamber console


the wrecking crew:
mara jade, The empror’s hand
guri
bane malar
mighty jaba
snoova
dengar with blaster carbine
boba fett with gun
milyoom
prince xizor
dr. evazan/and his buddy
4-lom with consussion rifle
jodo kast
bossk with mortar gun
ig-88 with gun
ephant mon
4-lom
ren yees
buelo
lando calrisssian
gallid




Strategy: 

update:
any method neccary is great with this objective but starting with the three effects is better. If i get a droid in first turn its better and start move it if not, oh well. 


alright this is pretty simple carbon objective. It has a successful winning record. Its fun and deadly. Please review this deck for local tournaments and not for state or Dpc open winner. I know its not a big league deck so keep in mind when rating. Also please give some help or advise so i can change or make it more compatative.

Deploy carbone chamber, console, security tower and jabba’s prize there. The three effects always change due to what i am facing. Usually decree-(for hoth) and somthing special planned for WYS. But always IAO and power of the hutt.
First turn get two docking bays (one objective and one cloud city) and grab lando and deploy lando. (if very unfortanet deploy jabba’s sail and the passeger place). Move lando to docking bay with the prize. Next turn deploy audience chamber and jabba’s ride and move lando there. 
After that deploy jabba, bib and rest of the gang and move lando for the finish. rest is pretty simple. Keep force and scan ever chance and deploy scum and villany. retive every  control phase. DONT FORGET. ok for deck types. This gives some worry but its not standart i will expain.

Hoth/dantooni

Use impreal decree and control hoth. Dont let them get three force drain a turn. U got a walker for that reason. Scum and villany is nice but scaning crew thats care of the worry. Search and destoy is your friend.

HB

tough if you see alot of this take an effect and add in security precaution. Force drain them every turn. Try to deploy search and destroy soon as possible

HB/ mains and there is good in him

this is pretty easy. Use scanning crew when they grab generals. Lando and hans out it should be easy walk. Battle them and capture them. Use the prison to teach them a lesson in mains. They might want to convert lando so be smart. scaning crew hurts them overal and imperial barrier keeps them guessing.

WYS

Ok this is just tough. Capturing them and choosing your battle is the winning the game. They are nice with force so dont worry about that. Take over cantina and hold it with dear life. Watch about the beggar and use fortuna and hidden weapons to lesson destiny draws. Make them pay for deploying good characters +6 for obi one. Useing droids is dealy with this objective but feel lucky go a head

profit and no love for the empire
Easy start and deploying two characters oh yeah. Just nice. Fortuna and emperors person sex slave will do fine. retieve ever turn and drain. They give you nice activetion so just drain and battle them with droids. Make a fortress at the audience chamber. If need to be add vader to take out bo shuda. No love for the empire make them an easy picking. ellis from cloud city during your move phase make them feel the pain. 


This is a good deck overall. People dont see it often so have fun. Like i said overall, this is a very good local deck. It gives new players to see what they missed and how the objectives work. Like i said earlier, this is not a world winning deck anymore. if need to be make some easy changes like vader or another bounty ship with none shall pass and add some jabba’s sites and your set. Due to MKOS this deck is versatile and could hold its own

thank you
