---
layout: post
author: ! Dennis "PCGSAlucard" Jeffris
title: ! "Finding names for decks is hard (TIGIH) - NO R3"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-10-26
description: ! 'So is this little section.  This deck has few characters, TONS of power, and HIGH destinies.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (10)
There Is Good In Him/I Can Save Him
Endor Chief Chirpa’s Hut
Endor Landing Platform
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Luke’s Lightsaber
I Feel The Conflict
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Your Insight Serves You Well & Staging Areas
Squadron Assignments
Another Pathetic Lifeform

Starships (2)
Outrider x2

Admiral’s Orders (2)
I’ll Take The Leader x2

Characters (8)
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Dash Render x3
Threepio With His Parts Showing
Qui-Gon Jinn x2
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber

Effects (4)
Lightsaber Proficiency x2
Goo Nee Tay
Bacta Tank

Weapons (7)
Qui-Gon Jinn’s Lightsaber x2
Intruder Missle x5

Interrupts (27)
Under Attack
Path of Least Resistance & Revealed
Stay Sharp x3
A Few Maneuvers x2
Power Pivot x3
Smoke Screen x2
Clash Of Sabers x4
Insertion Planning x2
Sorry About The Mess x2
Too Close For Comfort
We Wish To Board At Once
Losing Track
Rapid Fire
A Jedi’s Concentration x3 '

Strategy: '

Before you eat me alive for having few characters, read these card choices

Clash Of Sabers - This card is just too incredible.  True, with Crush The Rebellion and the Coruscant and new Mauls runnin around, they won’t be affected by it.  In my area, most people like the Tatooine Maul the best and the only reason people would play the new Maul is for the new dueling decks.  Most people forget that Crush the Rebellion works against Clash anyways.  And besides, Crush is becoming more and more scarce due to the effects needed for TDIGWATT, which is really the only deck that uses it (besides Hunt Down, in which case they will send Vader after you anyways and you can rape him with Qui-Gon).  This card gets rid of characters so you win battles or avoid battles that you will die in, simple as that.  4 may be a little excessive, but with the new Boba Fett coming out, I’ll need this at all times (I don’t like him and Iggy drawing 3 battle destiny on me).  Good card, this is.

Stay Sharp - Has anyone read the text on this?  With Dash on the Outrider with a missle, you can essentially have 19 power (6 by himself, 6 reducing, 7 with the destiny of the missle with Stay Sharp if you get to shoot it = 19 power).  That’s quite a bit, and will win battles which means more cards on I Feel The Conflict which means game over quicker.  Of course, if you can’t shoot it, just reduce with Dash’s text and Power Pivot.  Either way, you’ll win space battles.  This rapes Executor combined with Power Pivot.  13 power to their 0?  I’ll take it.

Losing Track - Make their destiny really low they don’t touch your Luke or Dash.  Simple as that.

I’ll Take The Leader with no systems? - Yup.  If they play space, then you’re set.  If they don’t play space, drain them to hell at the Landing Platform and kill with Qui-Gon elsewhere.  This helps Dash survive for much, much longer.

Under Attack - Kill of stupid AT-ATs that are bothering Luke.  With Blizzard 4 coming out which will be in everyone’s decks, this means you have to get a 2 to kill him off.  And with almost the whole deck made of 2’s and above, Blizzard 4 is yours now.  Nice card.  Used 6 destiny also.

A Jedi’s Concentration - One effective way of killing Luke is Maul with his stick.  Well, stop the swinging of sabers.  That works.  You can’t swing either, but it’s a small price to pay to win the game.  Besides, you can just win more battles this way (deploy Obi).

A Few Maneuevers - Get Dash from Kessel to Kiffex  Or avoid pesky TIE cannons which I hate oh so much.

Sorry About The Mess - Another way to stop this deck is undercover spies.  Just kill them off

Insertion Planning - Luke is a scout.  He’s at an exterior site at all times.  Losing him can be bad.  So don’t lose him

Lightsaber Proficiency - Power +3 Luke and drains of +1 = death to them.  Also can be used with Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan.  Neet.

In every single game, you want to WIN BATTLES.  Also, drain at Luke’s site.  If they tangle with him, just kill them and win battles.  If they don’t come near him, drain.  If they play space, rape them with Dash and his gimmicks.  The average destiny in this deck is around 4 or something, so it shouldn’t be a problem to win that way.  Remember that power is key to winning battles, thus stacking cards on I Feel.  Good luck '