---
layout: post
author: Cat "CatLoneRogue" Ceder
title: 'Imbalancing BHBM'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-15
description: ! 'This is a ANTI retrieval deck.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'-Starting Stuff-
Bring Him Before Me/Take Your Father’s Place
Death Star II Throne Room
Your Destiny
Insignificant Rebellion
Prepared Defense
Something Special Planned For Them
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points

-Locations-
Death Star II Docking Bay
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Spaceport Docking Bay
Cardia
Kashyyyk

-Characters-
Admiral Ozzel
Lord Vader x3
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Admiral Piett
General Veers
Sim Aloo x2
General Tagge
Admiral Motti
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Janus Greejatus x2
Trooper Davin Felth
Commander Merrejk
Admiral Chiraneau
Navy Trooper Fenson
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Emperor Palpatine x2

-Weapons-
Vader’s Lightsaber x2

-Ships/Vehicles-
Chimera
Executor
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

-Interrupts/Effects-
Control & Set For Stun x2
Presence Of The Force
Sniper & Dark Strike
There’ll Be Hell To Pay
Lateral Damage
Empire’s New Order
Secret Plans
First Strike
Imbalance
Imperial Command x2
Force Lightning
Point Man
Battle Order
Emperor’s Power
Twi’lex Advisor x2
The Circle Is Now Complete

-Admirals Order-
We’re In Attack Position Now '

Strategy: '

NOTE---
Please read everything before you rate this deck. I appreciate it. Thanks.


Greetings and welcome to another of Cats wonderfully fun decks...

In this deck you will notice a theme of ANTI-Retrieval for the Light Side (or at best make them really work for their retrieval)

The key element of this deck are
Something Special Planned For Them - When an opponent has just retrieved Force using and Interrupt or Utinni Effect card, that card is placed out of play.
Trooper Davin Felth - Just to cancel Owen & Beru’s text (yes I know there’s only one, but most people play that late game and I can get him and have him for late game as well)
Navy Trooper Fenson - Subtracts 3 from Force opponent retrieves for On The Edge and Off The Edge. - Good stuff
Secret Plans - Pay one to retrieve one of it’s cancelled...always nice
Imbalance - If opponent just retrieved Force, opponent must lose X Force, where X = one-half the number of cards retrieved. (round up) - Aww..did you just Kessel Run for 8, okay pay 8 please, that’s out of play, now loose 4 ) and it’s used.

Okay now that you know what the key elements of the deck are, and of course the basis of the deck is the same as any other get out your stuff control things and FD or battle for the win. It may not look like it has much staying power but this deck really does, even w/2 Imperial Commands you can get your Admirals out, and then other things go from there. And w/Janus you can track that Imperial Command back to the top and get it again to use it next battle if need be. Or other things.

Some of the key ’Tech’
Janus Greejatus - recycler from hell
Emperor Palpatine - Just cause he said so. )
Empire’s New Order - you notice no Aliens, well when my opponent looses an alien I get a 1 Force, if it was an Ewok, Operative of Elom I get 2 back, this topped on the next card retrieves me 2 (3 maybe)
(not really ’Tech’ but works w/the above) First Strike - Spend one for a Interrupt during a battle and retrieve a force. Good stuff always.
Force Lightning - For the Emperor to get it and Janus to recycle it that way you constantly see what’s happening in your deck and as long as you do it correctly your opponent can never verify your deck cause you’ll always have it there. )
Point Man - Cancels Order To Engage...’nuff said.
Set For Stun & Control - Ultimate when you are just about initiate a battler bounce a character back to their hand and then beat on the lone scrub.

As for matchups go your probably thinking to yourself that this deck lacks space, well as Brian West (Da_Strike) can say, it’s space fleet is well enough. You drop Chimera, Imp.Command for GAT then drop him and some other scrub and that’s 2 destinies...then a third if possible (you didn’t play Imp.Command to get GAT). ZiMH for his ability to make you need 7 for destiny, and doesn’t cancel ENO cause his ability is permanent and he’s not considered and Alien. Executor, well it’s beefy w/Piett on it as well and then the Dreadnaught, cheap to deploy for power 5 and some pilots help it out as well.

Match-Ups

HB - Just wait till they flip then deploy in mass and beat them down where they have the least of course watch for Hyper Escapes and Out Of Nowheres. Make sure you keep a Imp. Command handy just in case. And remember to probe everywhere till it’s gone. Then converge a high Force Drain site and sit there. (usually Kessl - thus cancelling Kessel Run) or Courscant.
WYS - take Control of Tatooine the planet so they can’t do Celebration till they come up with the Falcon, Outrider and Pulsar Skate...then you just Imp. Command them for 1 Destiny and you beat them down there after. Remember to track that Imp. Command so that you can get it back each turn. 
MWYHL/Super Falcon - Imperial Command the Super Falcon to 1 and over power them. Eventually you will hold you own.
M&T - Well just go meet them and battle them. You have good power and 2 Generals for Imperial Command on the ground so you have that covered. Remember IG-88 W/Gun and 4-LOM w/Gun as well for an immediate capture and removal of pivotal Game text (say Ben Kenobi)

Pretty much that’s all the decks come up against. If you play against other thing QMC, Hidden Swarm, Hidden Mains or whatnot you can adjust to any of the above formats and you should still be able to hold your own.


And now a thought - Why no Guri and Stinger, I couldnt make space for her. I wanted to add that to the deck, but I just needed to make sure that I had the essentials, I know I can take out the POTF (but that actually worked for me in a couple of games making the D*IIDB a battle ground to make Honor Useless, but then you say well, why no No Escape, and again I couldn’t adjust that card into the deck when I have more pivotal cards in the deck. Trust me it works the way it was meant to and it can convert Luke as well which it did once. ) The destinies are good, you can keep them high when you need to and remember as always to play responsibly.

Please enjoy reading the Deck and as always D-Mail me or E-Mail me if you have any questions (lone_rogue@hotmail.com)

Thanks,

Cat "The Ultimate Garindan Collector" Ceder
'