---
layout: post
author: Andreas "Eldorian" Petz
title: 'There is profit on Tatooine without being a smuggler!'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-06
description: 'Well as you seemed to like my first deck, i used a boring lesson at college to produce this...'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations (2)
Owen Lars Moisture Farm
Tatoine Docking Bay

Charachters (23)
Master Luke x3
JPSD Lando 
EPP Han x2
General Solo
EPP Chewy x2
General Madine
Corporal Kensaric
Corporal (seargent?) Beezer
Ben Kenobi x3
that search for an exterior site scout?
Dash Rendar
r2 & c3po
Owen & Beru Lars
Corran Horn
Nien Numb

Starships (2)
Gold 1
Outrider

Interrupts (20)
Heading for the medical frigate (hey the USED part won me a game lately!)
Signal x2
sniper

Obj: Profit obviously
Sniper Combo Card
Control/tunnel vision x2
Slight Weapon Malfunction x2
Bith shuffel combo
Rebel Barrier x2
Fallen Portal x2
On the Edge x2
Harvest x4

Effects
Honor of the Jedi
Reflection
there is no try combo
What are you tryin to push...
Strike Planing
Squadron Assignments
Aim High

Green:
obi LS
Anakins LS
Electrobinoculars
Mercenary Armor 

Strategy: 

you know what i hate most about watch your step? that whenever i try to build a profit deck i end up with the clue, that it would just be much better with WYS...well maybe its because i don’t build my deck around characters but around effects and interrrupts...well with other words i already don’t like this deck! (back me up!! ;))

but still thats what i thought!

start with epp han in audience chamber, frigate: strike planing, there is no try, and aim high or squadron (i like squadron better...but against an obvious sienar i’d start aim high)

deploy luke, ben stuff as usual, free han, drain and make him loose...
here the FUN part (combos)

harvest/on the edge for retrieval (clear) harvest for on the edge(tunnel vision) and high destiny(track), as backup ther is electtrobis in there...i like it sometimes when i’m searching a lot with a deck and have to shuffle it though...

madine! get madine with strike planing, search for kensaric (against opponent deployment), beezer (against reacting AND to search for devices => electro and merc armor [i love that card!]) and that nameless scout to search exterior sites => moisture farm and docking bay...i like a character more better then a second moisture farm (=> zero destiny)

i thought about throwing in Artoo i have a bad feeling or more starhips...but its senseless without own systems...they are just for a quick hit!

oh nice trick...you have one ’pull a general out’ left after getting madine...you can always search for general solo if its more important to CANCEL a BD then to add one...that happens often enough! plus if he kills han you search for him and flip back the next turn...

i’ll work on a WYS again with similar theme...any comment more then wellcome, i’d love to play a profit deck again over a WYS...

cheers 