---
layout: post
author: ! joe "coo" schlagheck
title: ! "EBO Podrace Beatdown"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-22
description: ! 'This deck is your standard EBO deck with a podracing twist. Very fun. Went 2-1 at World Qualifiers.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7)
Hoth 1st marker
Hoth 4th marker
Podrace prep
Tatooine podrace arena
Boonta eve poodrace
Anakin’s podracer
A new secret base

Characters (8)
General carlist rieekan
Hobbie
Zev senesca
Luke w/ Lightsaber
Princess Organa
Wyron Serper
Commander Wedge
Corran Horn

Starships (13)
X-wing x12
Red leader in red 1

Locations (7)
Hoth echo command center
Hoth echo docking bay
Hoth echo corridor
Bothawui
Kashyyyk
Kiffex
Hoth

Effects (8)
Echo Base Garrison
EBO
Undercover x2
Legendary starfighter
Don’t do that again
Traffic control
Rebel fleet

Interrupts (14)
A step backward
The signal x4
Organized attack x5
Power pivot
Losing track
All wings report in
Neck and neck

Weapons (1)
X-wing laser cannon

Other(1)
I did it
'

Strategy: '

You start out by initating the podrace no matter what. Anakin’s pod just can’t be touched with the destiny this deck has. Before you activate first turn take into hand 2 echo sites (one being the docking bay) and i did it. Deploy an X-wing (you almost always get one starting hand) and any character to the two sites. If you don’t have a character don’t worry next turn you will take out EBG and get your characters. Draw a few cards but leave a couple force just in case. By now you should know if your opponet plans on dominating space of ground. You need to know this for later in the game. Beginning of next turn take out the remaining echo site and EBG (if you already have it out take EBO). Deploy to the last site and if you took EBG you  the signal to pull EBO and deploy it(if you don’t have one don’t worry it can wait a turn). You also desperately need incom out by now, the signal helps here to. After you have deployed EBO and have dominated the podrace (by now you should have almost won the race) start deploying to space. If your opponent has a space deck kill him then force drain otherwise just force drain the crap out of him. Don’t spread out to much because they may have some surprizes and always keep an organized attack handy. The spies and under covers are to block annoying ground drains ( rebel fleet also helps here a lot). After you have won the podrace, deployed i did it and have changed the game differentail by 16 (you retrieve 10 they lose 6) you will be well on your way to victory. Massive space drains will deplete them and will you blocking all their force drains you will win by 30 or more every time. This is a really fun deck to play. Also i missed a card on my card list the necessary effect Incom corp. Thanks for taking the time to read this. '