---
layout: post
author: ! Steve "DRIFFTER" Skilton
title: ! "you cant profit by this"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-06-01
description: ! "profit deck with mains and podracing"
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'start (8)
you can either profit by this/obd
audience chamber
jabbas palace
han(jedi pack)
podrace arena
anakins racer
boonta eve podrace
brisky morning munchen

characters(15)
jar jar
lando w/ ax x2
chewbacca(anh) x2
qui-gon x2
ben kenobi x2
daughter of skywalker x2
luke jk x2
artoo and threepio x2

interrupts (27)
podrace prep (start)
sense and recoil x4
alter and ff
weapon levitation x2
the signal x3
sorry about the mess x2
gift of the mentor x2
the clash x2
artoo i have a bad feeling about this x2

locations (2)
city outskirts
cantina
skywalkers
put that down
end of a reign
a jedis patience
" " focus x2
youll find im full surprises x2

effects (3)
mantellian savrip
bo shuda
order to engage

green (4)
obi wan’s journal
obis saber
lukes
anakins ’
and qui-gons sticks '

Strategy: '

basic strategy
youll probably wait the first turn just podrace and maybe grab order w/ the signal. next turn youll want to set up an alien like chewie or lando at the palace w/ a big guy preferably ben. 
then send in jar jar with bo shuda and get han. the opponet wont want to stay with order hurtin every turn. once han is out leave him with bo shuda so he doesnt get hurt and hurt your opponent with the flip side of your objective.
once your done podracing spread to the arena.
the senses protect you from weapon levitaions, alter, other senses, and stuff you dont want canceled. aura shouldnt be a problem with obis journal, and alter for quietly observing and the sorrys arent the combo because i want high destiny for duels, racing and everything else. i dont have i did it in because so many big blue decks are going out and i dont want to go in space, i should do well with the retrieval on ground.

i dont know what kind of specific decks are going to come out so heres what i expect

hunt down(most will probably duel now) i expect that hunt down will need to duel luke and kill quigon so i have high destinies and end of a reign for dueling and the light side can duel to get rid of vader, send jarjar to get rid of visage and have fun, a jedis focus shoud also help a lot

cpi(without objective) its a scary thought of having someone blow away tatooine, no podracing, no profit, and youll really have fun then, i love this deck idea but jarjar will give it problems . send him in and take over the death star.

cpi(with) send in jar jar early so they cant blow away alderaan, once youve battled away the gunners get back to your routine on tatooine and sense anything they try to do to you.

walker garrison you should be able to take out walker gaiirson with sense, send in quigon and threepio and sense the tramples too, once they’re out of walkers youll be ok

ral ops jar jar and quigon can run in there have just have fun

other than that just try to hold down tatooine im thinkin about taking out one of the youll find im full of surprises for the lightside secret plans which name i cant remember right now to slow down
a million voices.

and for dark deal you should be able to send a few guys into cloud city and beat them down

let me know what decks tatooine has inspired you to make (especially dark decks)
'