---
layout: post
author: ! Kenneth "Ken Bradford" Bradford
title: ! "Ep1  Drive-by Munchen (THGG)"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-09-27
description: ! "Racing, SAC, and POWER.  Oh, yeah, and some Jar Jar Munchen action"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (9)

The Hyperdrive’s Gone/I’ll Be Damned
Tatooine City Outskirts
Tatooine Mos Epsa
Tatooine Podrace Arena
Boonta Eve Podrace
Anakin’s Podracer
Podrace Prep
Credits Will Do Fine
Brisky Morning Munchen

Characters (18)
Qui-Gon Jinn x 2
Obi-Wan Kenobi, Padawan x 2
Padme x 2
Jar Jar Binks
Cap’n Panaka x 2
Senator Palpatine
Yarua
Liana Merian
Tendau Bendon
Yane x 2
Sache x 2
Threepio w/ Parts Showing

Interrupts  (25)
Sense x 5
Alter x 2
Control
A Step Backwards x 4
Too Close For Comfort x 3
We Wish to Board at Once x 2
My Loyal Bodyguard x 2
I’ve Decided to Go Back x 2
Changing the Odds x 2
Losing Track x 2

Epic Events (1)
I Did It

Effects (2)
Security Control
A Tragedy Has Occured

Weapons (3)
Qui-Gon’s Saber x 2
Panaka’s Blaster

Sites (2)
Shmi’s Hut
Marketplace '

Strategy: '

MORE RESPONSES

Wow, this just sorta popped back into the top decks after a while, and I’m a little surprised.


More Qui-Gons?  Have you READ the City Outskirts?
*ahem*



We’ve been testing to death and surprisingly, it loses to a 
”Pile” DS deck (one that starts a twix and can commit all characters to countering whatever you do).

Unfortunately, I don’t have an answer for it.  The Handmaidens in this game seem a liability;  you may want to drop them for more Senators, or possibly a couple of Valorums just for extra 4-ability.

And I lost a close podrace against DS, which should not happen.  So, out two handmaidens (the one to used), out two Handmaiden interrupts, IN go a extra Palpy, Valorum, Too Close for Comfort, and A Step Backwards.  This seems to help.

And DON’T swap out Senses for Alters.  I never regret having an extra Sense.  Let ’em cancel your drain--just be sure to get a card for Credits.

Personally, I can’t wait to build a new ”Jedi” deck once Ref3 comes out.  Till then, I’m having the most fun with this.  

Thanks


END UPDATE 2



RESPONSE TO COMMENTS

Artwo, you are correct, and I’m an idiot.  That’ll teach me to read my cards.  I’ve been scheduling extra draws during my control.  But I take comfort in the fact that my opponents have let me, so I’m not the only one who needs to read my cards.  Also, the comment about pulling I Did It was intended to mean after you’ve won the race but before you resolve.  Didn’t make that too clear.

Third Angel, I don’t have to worry about a big beatdown, considering I want to own ONE location.  If I spread out it’s only after the three DS characters that truly matter are accounted for (p-fiddy and sixty, and Maul).  It’s going to be tough for someone to pull off a big beatdown on me at the Junkyard  Remember, in Ep1 no You Are Beaten, Sniper/Dark Strike, Dr. E....beatdowns just don’t happen as often.

END UPDATE



Well, we don’t have much to choose from in this environment, do we?

Basically, your plan will be to pile up at the Junkyard and get a card every turn to Credits Will Do Fine.  How do we acheive this goal?

There are two differing thoughts on how to start Hyperdrive against a Desert Landing Site.  One is to park the Outskirts between the DLS and the Junkyard so that Maul has to walk farther.  Pfft  He’ll get an extra drain in on his way over if they so choose to go that route.  Better use the Junkyard, where you will be piling up in brutal fashion, to act as your roadblock.

On their first turn, they’ll likely stall Annie.  Great--less force for them right away.  Don’t hesitate to schedule your destiny draws during your control and Step Backwards right afterwards, especially if you have more than one in hand.

First turn you may or may not have enough force for Quiggy (I’ve seen some decks start ONLY the Desert Landing Site or Flagship Bridge).  We’ll want to download him if we can to the Outskirts, even if you have one in your hand (card advantage).  Even if you have to wait for the second turn, because you’d like to make sure Jar Jar Superstar is in the Reserve deck before you try the ”once per game” deploy.  Be careful not to waste it, because Jar Jar owns.
So your first turn can certainly vary...but don’t worry.  Look forward to your three destiny draws next turn.  Don’t hesitate to use his I Will Find Them to deploy Padme to get Obi.

WIN THE RACE.  With your racing interrupts, use them judiciously  You’ve got A Step Backwards to slow them down, Too Close to stop Hit Racer and Podrace Collision, and a butt-load of SAC.

Only with some seriously bad luck will you lose the race.  All the while be sure to load up at the Junkyard and drain, drain, drain...unless they come for you....

A big deal is made about the Hyperdrive objective making Maul immune to attrition.  Folks...he’s already immune nearly %100 of the time anyway.  This is NO drawback in my opinion.  But...you can outpower him.  SENSE Maul Strikes (and fight for it if he counters).  Too Close the saber swings.  If he initiates, you’ve got some sweet handmaiden tech--add a destiny if Padme and a Handmaiden together thanks to My Loyal Bodyguard.  I’ve Decided to Go Back to add destinies with the otherwise low-powered Senators (like Palpatine).  We want a higher power total, in the final analysis...bingo, a card for Credits.   Soon you will flip.  Is it as easy as I’ve made it sound?  Nope.  You’ll have to play smart and use your Red wisely.

Oh, and Jar Jar.  He’s broken.  He blows up Destroyers and such real nice like.  Even if you have no other targets, take a hard look when Maul comes to visit.  My favorite trick?  Losing Track on him during battle when you see a location or 1 on top and you know your top destiny is good.  If it’s a location, a 5 with Jar Jar will TAKE OUT MAUL.  That’s insane.  I now wonder what the crap Jar Jar is ”berry berry” scared of.

Once you flip, it gets pretty sick  The part I like the most is the retrieval of force for drawing battle destiny.  ”What?”  I said retrieving force for battle destiny.  Now, whenever you defend with Loyal Bodyguard or add with I’ve Decided to Go Back, you’ll retrieve an extra force.  SWEET  This is huge

You’ll have a little direct damage with Senators, but you only have a few so use them carefully  I’d seriously recommend AGAINST going for a Senate run, unless they look weak and Palpatine has a good shot.  Otherwise STAY AWAY.

The only other real tech is the handmaidens themselves.  Once you fish for Security Control using We Wish to Board, their forfeit is insane (especially with Amidala) and they bounce to hand/Used Pile.  Loyal Bodyguard with them is KING

Play against

Lott Dodd & Senate  The big thing to remember about the Senate is that their force  generation is usually pretty poor, despite the free Maul to DLS (and the 3 you give up out of the gate). Between all of the ”tunneling”, they will not be able to keep up with your focused deployment.  WIN THE RACE.  Sense should be drawing crosshairs on Maul Strikes.  Wait for them to put a senator on the drain canceller and go for the Alter when you’ve got a strong hand.  Jar Jar the droids.  This deck has the best chance against this current powerhouse.  Remeber, I Did It Screws recycling Senators.  Wait to fish for I Did It until after you’ve won the race, because they can put it back with a lucky pull.

Space  DS space is really poor, but this deck has nothing for it.  Try to keep up the Credits pressure and WIN THE RACE.  Use drains, credits and Senator damage to do them in.

Their Podracing  You should own this.  Play carefully, but cancel every Podrace type card they play.  You should win...but don’t get overconfident.  They’ve come to win, too.  A Senate/Maul/Podracing deck has a lot of threats for you to counter...but then, they run out of ground power room in a hurry and so...cards for Credits.  Nice. And don’t forget, like I used to, that you can damage their podracer with Losing Track

Watto  This isn’t quite the superstar it is in constructed right now.  The fact that you convert their Junkyard is BIG, and Qui-Gon power + 3 is sweet as well.  Remember, your goal is to have even just ONE more power than your opponent in every battle

Well, what else is there?  Droidekas?  Too weak just yet, but Jar Jar does a number on Droidekas.


Potential Comments

What about all the red?

Yep, there’s alot of Red.  But Ep1 is won and lost solely on the power of Red.  You’ll need every interrupt in the deck

What about all the duplicates?

Yep, that’s a problem.  Play like he has the duplicate killer every turn, even though I don’t see it that much.  Step Backwards at every appropriate opportunity.  Changing the Odds every battle destiny.  SAC everything that *needs* SACing, no sense saving it.  Threepio helps, but unfortunately you’ll have to draw him.  If he comes out, though, he makes the deck run like buttah.  Also, if your opponent decides to slap you early with it, take solace in the fact that it takes half or more of his resources, force wise, for that turn.


Force gen looks a little bad...

Doesn’t it always in Ep1 format?  With Quiggy at the Junkyard, you’ll be activating seven total, plus what they give you.  That’s pretty good.  The two extra sites are for a little more force and the retreival at the Marketplace, which is massive

No ships...you can’t take advantage of I Did It

Well, you’re right.  I’ve no room left for space, I’d love to squeeze it in.  You *do* get the advantage of making the lose to save force, which thanks to a ruling by Decipher occurs before they can put their senators back in.  Sweet  Plus you can put the Epic Event out of play for more force retreival.  



Hey, I’d love some comments.  Let me know what you think  Playtesting so far shows it to be strong...but Senate Maul is still tough, no matter what.  Thanks for any feedback    '