---
layout: post
author: ! Dunya "Hardpack" Ertan
title: ! "WYS that makes you pay every thing"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-06-05
description: ! "Look and see..."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'starting 6 

WYS 
CANTINA 
TATOOINE 
DOCKING BAY 94 
SIGNAL 
SQUADRAN ASSIGNMENT 

CHARACTERS 20 
owen lars & beru x2 
theron nett 
mirax terrik 
captain han 
wedge antilles 
ben kenobi 
colonel cracken 
lando with vibro ax 
luke skywalker jedi knight 
lieutenant blount 
chewie with blaster 
corran horn 
melas 
artoo & threepio 
dash rendar 
talon karrde 
raltir freighter cap 
yotts orren 
boushh 

ships 5 
outrider 
millennium falcon 
red 10 
pulsar skate 
red squadran 1 

locations 3 
kessel 
lars moisture farm 
mos eisley 

weapons 2 
lukes lightsaber 
obiwans saber 

interupts and effects 24 
nar shadda wind chimes combo 
hojix combo 
Goo nee tay
how did we get into this mess x2 
night fall x2 
harvest x2 
control combo x2 
aim high 
menace fades 
lightsaber proficiency 
beggar 
rebel barrier x2 
i have a bad feeling about this 
weapon levitation 
anakin pod racer 
out commission 
it could be worse 
fallen portal 
i hope she&#8217;s alright 

'

Strategy: '

edit i got 6 spys in this deck. Alter dont work for on 7 why should i worry. i got 4 ways to pull the falcon. Look it up. 



After CA state finals I decided to use this power house objective. Its a powerhouse in space and ground. I thought it was weak little objective in till I saw it, in hands of a master. Now bear with me. 
Why Some card selections 
Goo nee tay-Of the most important cards in the deck. Making maul and other important ep1 characters +2 will clear the cantina. Protect from mass beatdown anywhere. Sense and alter cant be played on 7 side, this is huge. 
Why start with signal? After first turn, I can get another effect out of my reserve deck, as I need it. 
Out of commission is huge. Taking out maul or a Vader its over. 
Weapon levitation can devastate any ground beat down force. 
Barriers are awesome, as you know. 
Hojixs combo card great for space and ground combined. Dont like to be blind-sided 
Fallen portal is devastation to docking bay mania. 
I have a bad feeling about this, come on lateral damage or death mark are eliminated. 
How did we get into this mess, great with Artoo combo. 
Nightfall is for my spies beat down anywhere. Free deployment and adds a destiny to power. Oh cool-another destiny..... 
Obi wan- come on, on tatooinie he is a man to deal with. In cantina he is a one-man machine. Only deploys for 11, so what with beggar he can take care him self. Only +6 force deployment personal 
Why no grabbers? Just dont have the space. Its not an interrupt so its useless to me so far 
Here is some idea for few turns 
First turn activate and get Kessel and deploy it. No matter what this deck will give you a great hand. Mostly a site or good characters to start. Leave the force there. Next turn activate Deploy to Kessel and cantina. Only lose interrupts to force drains. Next turn, drain and deploy nightfall (with signal from reserve deck) and rest of the spy massacre to anywhere. There fine. Its free to deploy under nightfall. Rest is up to you. 

Here is the match ups 
ISB ground or space- Lt. blunt will finish the job. Luke with lightsaber and couple of smugglers will hold cantina. Space drain at Kessel and cantina will destroy them. Fades menace will do its job. 

Hunt down and bring him before me 
Give them Luke Jedi at cantina. Then fallen portal at the docking bays to get him back and out of commission Vader, its game. Out of commission for visage 

Railter or opts- 
One turn beat-down with nightfall at there locations. They would not know what hit them. 

Maul and landing site 
Drop nightfall and take out maul. Out of commission, its game. If they decided to pod race, aim high and anakin with drains its over. For the lost of 10 in pod racing use ”it could be worse.” Also dont forget about goo nee tay.

Hoth dark side and dark deal 
Fades menace is your friend. Set it up and drain. tLose to direct damage and cancel there force drain bonuses. Honor those not help, beacause they will play with the bullet card. 

Set your course for alderan 
Destroy the gunners and be careful about Kessel. It may cost you so wait for drain to due their harm and then deploy. Aim high is good for there retrieve and I hope she is alright will get them in long run. 

Scum and villainy and aliens 
Just go after them. Myo shows her head take her out and out of commission will end her reign. 

Rest of the decks 
Just play normal and be patience. 

Please give a good review and also give me some advice about how to improve. Currently I am 15-1 with this deck. Only lost to 2000+ player with 8 and won against 1900+ players in 10 games. So its not a fluke. 
'