---
author: Darryll "217" Silva
title: The Phantom Senate
side: Dark
date: 2001-08-13
description: Well just how it sound, It’ll work most other decks.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting(7)
   My lord is that Legal
   Galactic Senate
   Tat. Desert Landing Site
   Prep Defenses
   I will Find them Quickly
   Begin Landing
   The Phantom Menace

Locations(5)
   Blockade @#$%ship:Bridge
   Mos Espa DB
   D*2 DB
   Coruscant DB
   Naboo DB

Characters(25)
   2x Darth Maul
   Darth Maul, Young Apprentice
   Nute Gunray
   Rune Haako
   Keder The Black(Light Senate D).
   Lott Dod
   Baskol Yeesrim
   Passel Argente
   Yeb Yeb Adem Thorn
   Toonbuck Toora
   Orn Free Taa
   Tikkes(Mob. Points man)
   Edcel Bar gane
   Mara Jade, Emp. Ho
   P-59 
   P-60
   TC-14
   GM Tarkin
   DVDLOTS
   Vader With Saber
   4-Lom With Gun
   Mighty Fat Ass(Jabba)
   Dengar With Gun
   IG-88 With Gun

Starships(3)
   Trade Fed. Droid Control ship Or Chimaera( Don’t know which Help me)
   Zuckuss in Hunter
   Bossk in Tooth

Effects(5)
   This is Outrageous
   Lat Damage
   Motion Supported
   Mob. Points YCHF
   TINT OP

Interrupts(10)
   Elis Helrot
   You are Beaten
   2x We must accelerate our Plans
   Little real Power
   Masterful Move 
   Sniper Dark Strike
   Control
   Imp. Barrier
   Squabbling Delegates

Weapons(4)
   2x Maul’s Saber
   Mara’s Saber
   Vader’s Saber

Epic(1)
   If the Trace Was Correct






Strategy: 

Well this is my 1st Coruscant deck and I think old and new Coruscant has major potential.
I made this deck about 1 hour after my local tourney and I think it is capable of sweeping it next time. The deck is simple to play and has Retrieval and can get any card you want (aka Ralltiir Replacement) And I know what I’m talking About.

Here is a Rundown on how I play this deck(It will be vague. Cuz It’s new and I don’t think anyone can give a big detailed Strat unless It’s been around for awhile)

1st turn- Before you Activate go get the Trace and than Activate. Get D*2 DB and  you will most likely have one maul in your hand. Deploy him to the Desert Landing Site and you’re good to get you Neimodian, You should always get Lott Dod first than Nute, Than Rune. Deploy Lott and another Senator. Flip. 1st turn flip WOW!. Go get a political effect and put it down. If you get the Accelerate our plans go get mob points.

Early Game- you should be draining for about 2 each turn 4 if you got Maul sitting down and adding with the Politcal Effect. Lott Dod should be giving you any card you want. Grab docking Bays until Exhausted and Get Battle cards with Lott Dod.

Mid Game- This should be running smoothly need a card go and get it. Opponent got a big hand use 3 and take 2 nice deal. Got a useless Senator put him down to add to a Force Drain. This deck has Many Possibilities of Play. Got Tikkes And Mob points out +4 Generation at a controlled DB Nice!

Late Game- Opponent giving you jedi trouble, say Master Qui-Gon at you’re DB Well drop TC-14 and then wait to see if he stays, if he does Elis over Maul and swipe him til Qui-Gon look like he did in the movie.DEAD!. Padme and Mace making you unhappy Elis Maul and Grab her. Capture Amidala make me happy:-).  Being able to pull cards at will is a great advantage.

Matchups- I really have no clue just go at your own pace. This deck is good but hasn’t been played enough for anybody to know how to use it. And if anybody does know some matchup details D-Mail me and I’ll stick them in.

Light Side Senate- Got a few good things here. OK they will be using senators so Keder the Black and Little Real Power are you Best Friends, And that’s why there in here. There using Valorum reduce his politics and smack him. Use Squabbling Delegates to get him again. Palpaine Give you Problems, Little real Power. SMACK! Keder the Black Kills him. Senate under control

Tips for Gameplay- Opponent playing with Leaders that are now politics +2 and are annoying you. SMACK! Keder Kills them. HAHA!

Well that’s what I think any questions D-mail me Also I am looking for Space for Boba Fett With Gun if you can find a card tell me in the review.


REMEMBER-----The Better Player will ALWAYS Win! 