---
layout: post
author: Eric "YOYOY" Bailey
title: 'Mind What You Have Celebrated NO R3'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-11-19
description: ! 'Cool deck with battles, drains, retrieval, whatever you want, with nifty tricks and combos and such.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (6)
Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can
Dagobah
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Squadron Assignments
Menace Fades
Insurrection & Aim High

Locations (6)
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Kessel
Tatooine (Coruscant set)
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Marketplace
Tatooine Jundland Wastes

Characters (17)
Yoda
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Luke With Lightsaber
Lando With Vibro-Ax
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Boussh
TK-422
Threepio With His Parts Showing
Corran Horn
Dash Rendar
Elyhek Rue
Bren Quersey
Lieutenant Naytaan
Theron Nett
Figrin D’an
Caldera Righim
Jeroen Webb

Starships (6)
Home One
Outrider
Red 7
Red 8
Red 9
Red 10

Weapons (2)
X-Wing Laser Cannon x2

Effects (3)
Tatooine Celebration
S-Foils
Traffic Control

Interrupts (20)
Mindful Of The Future x3
Tunnel Vision x3
The Signal x2
Sorry About The Mess & Blaster Proficiency x2
Clash Of Sabers x2
Narrow Escape x2
Jedi Levitation
Yoda Stew
Help Me Obi-Wan Kenobi
Houjix & Out Of Nowhere
Slight Weapons Malfunction

Admiral’s Order (1)
I’ll Take The Leader '

Strategy: '

Strategy

Let’s begin at the beginning, shall we?

You start with MWYHL. Why? Because it’s a very stable starting platform, letting you deploy Yoda and his Hut from Reserve Deck on your first turn. You should do this on your first turn every single game, no exceptions. Once you’ve done that, you see the power of a simple start from MWYHL

1. You start with no locations for the opponent to drain at, or even deploy.
2. While you do give the opponent 2 force, you give yourself 5, just from MWYHL and what it lets you deploy.
3. With Yoda at his Hut, you may subtract 2 from attrition against you, anywhere, once per turn.
4. You even get some built-in SAC protection.

All 4 of these benefits combine to make the MWYHL start a nice, stable start. And there’s even more to it... with this start, Jedi Levitation can be used for free, any time, to take any card into hand from your Used Pile since you have Yoda on table immediately. This is incredible. I only have one Jedi Lev in here, but I probably should add more. More reasons for this will become apparent as you read on, and it’s all thanks for the MWYHL start.

Also, the MWYHL start leaves them in the dark as to what your deck does. At first they may think Jedi Testing, until they see your starting Effects. So right there, they’re not sure what you’re going to do. This is a good thing. Even when you deploy Yoda and his Hut, I’m sure they’re not too surprised, but they’re still not sure what you’re going to do.

From there, once you’ve deployed Yoda and his Hut, you want to get the rest of your locations out ASAP. This isn’t too hard, with the 3 MOTFs, the 3 TVs, the Jedi Lev, and the fact that you’re bound to draw at least one naturally without assistance, even better if it’s in your starting hand.

Once you have your Tatooine locations out, the Celebrating begins. Just control your sites and the system, and you’ll be draining and retrieving for plenty. Getting Celebration out isn’t too hard, the 2 Signals (or 3 TVs, or Jedi Lev too easy) get it into hand and all you have to do is occupy 2 Tatooine sites. Not too hard at all.

Location choices explained The Jundland Wastes is a site where you can drain for 2. The Cantina is great, as we all know, allowing you to generate 2 and drain for 2. The Marketplace is awesome, especially in this deck as you’ll see, allowing you to retrieve a Force during each of your control phases in addition to draining there.

Kessel is in here just for the huge drain. A drain for 3 is never to be underestimated, it’s just awesome.

This deck has loads of nifty Interrupt tricks allowing you to control the sites and systems with ease.

First of all, the 2 The Signals, 3 Mindful Of The Futures, 3 Tunnel Visions, and the Jedi Levitation. These cards let you get out all your important stuff out extremely quickly. And even in mid- to late-game, they’re still useful. The Jedi Lev and Tunnel Visions can be retrieved and used over and over again with devastating effectiveness. The MOTFs and Signals are all destiny 5s. That’s 5 recyclable destiny 5s. They do get drawn for destiny. You can also put them back with Traffic Control. And with tracking, they’re even better...

Then there are the 2 copies of Sorry About The Mess & Blaster Proficiency. This is very, very huge. 

1 Sorry About The Mess can be used with Luke, Obi, or Chewie to get rid of people. Undercover spy? Sorry About The Mess. ISB deck with 5D6? Sorry About The Mess. 4-LOM w/gun or IG-88 w/gun just sitting in front of you, mocking you, staring you down? Sorry About The Mess. Couple guys in front of you? Sorry About The Mess one of them, battle the other one. Mining droid? Yes, you heard me one of those stupid annoying mining droids threatening to blow up all your guys. Sorry About The Mess. And, by the way, it even works with X-Wing Cannons Maul in Infiltrator ticking you off? Sorry About The Mess. Any bothersome starfighter, Sorry About The Mess. Be inventive, there’s just so many uses... and that’s just for this function.

2. Blaster Proficiency can be used to make a ’hit’ character immediately lost. Again, this can be used with Luke, Obi, or Chewie, and again, with gruesome effectiveness. This can easily turn the tide of battle in your favor, and makes it much easier for those guys to hold a site alone.

3. The Used part can even be used with Chewie Though the only time you’ll probably use it is when you need to shoot Maul or Vader or some other ugly dude with Chewie’s Blaster Rifle.

It’s just great. Don’t forget, when you use Sorry About The Mess, to immediately retrieve it with Celebration, Marketplace, or Figrin

Then there’s Clash Of Sabers x2. This card has received a bit of a watering down over time, but I still love it, and it often isn’t expected. Exclusion of a character is easy and, again, devastatingly effective, and, again, makes it easier for the guys to hold sites, even alone. And you can even cancel Presence Of The Force if you need to. Cool.

And there’s Narrow Escape x2. What, you thought you’d always be beating the crap out of those who battle you? Nah, it’s often wise to run away. Especially since it’s when they initiate... they initiate, then you move. Where will you move? An adjacent site, of course, but perhaps one with some people just begging to have the crap beaten out of them... this card definitely comes in handy. And it’s even Used, and even destiny 5, you can’t go wrong with that.

Yoda Stew? Why Yoda Stew? Well, because you have a few cards that require you to have Force on the opponent’s turn, as you’ve seen and will continue to see. Yeah, you can save Force, but with this you can also draw up and put the unwanted stuff back, getting the wanted stuff. This combined with the Tunnel Visions means you’ll not only have saved Force, but it won’t be anything crucial that you’ll miss later. This card is good, trust me, and is handy in a pinch.

Help Me Obi-Wan Kenobi is, as I’ve learned from experience, a very nice card that has more uses than many people think. You can do two things

1. Add Obi’s ability to a location during a battle. This is good in situations like, say, if Elyhek Rue and his ship were alone at a system. Use this, and you get not only the destiny to power but you also get the battle destiny you normally wouldn’t have gotten. Keep in mind, this is a Used Interrupt. Also, let’s say you have Lando w/Ax alone. They battle, you use Help me to draw a battle destiny, you swing your ax, exclude a guy, use Slight Weapons Malfunction, and there you go, you’re drawing 3 battle destinies. Imagine if the deck had Warrior’s Courage, Solo Han, and Gambler’s Luck... that’d be 7 battle destinies. Just an idea.

2. Move a Rebel as a react. This is so huge... they battle a lone Lando? You move Obi over as a react, use Clash to exclude a guy, slice a guy with his saber, use Blaster Prof to make him immediately lost, use the ax to exclude another guy. You just got rid of 3 people from the battle, gone, no problem this battle, and you even get 2 battle destinies. And it can be any Rebel, whether it’s Luke, Obi, Corran, or Jeroen for forfeit. And it’s Used... oh yeah, it’s good.

Houjix & Out Of Nowhere, you know it does. Either add a battle destiny if they initiate a battle against you in space, or use Houjix to avoid a large Force loss. Great card.

Slight Weapons Malfunction... you can’t add enough battle destinies. This works with Lando, Chewie, and please remember, it also works with the X-Wing Cannons. Used, destiny 4, add a battle destiny, the card rocks, okay?

And last, but definitely not least, Jedi Levitation. For free (since Yoda’s out), you may take any card out of your Used Pile into hand. This is great in this deck... just used Slight Weapons Malfunction this turn, but want it next turn? Levitate it. Used Blaster Proficiency with Chewie but want it back? Levitate it. Just used Sorry About The Mess, then retrieved it? Levitate it. Hey, wait... anything you can retrieve, you can get with this card. Anything. Any card you just retrieved... that’s any card. Think about it... the possibilities... stunning. Use it early game to get your needed stuff ASAP. Use it mid-game to pull nasty tricks easier. Use it late-game for those clincher tricks to pin the game down.

The X-Wings are great. The matching pilots on ships, via Squadron Assignments, all add 1 destiny to power. All 4 at one system, that’s 4 destinies added to power. Two of them at a system, that’s 2 added draws to power and a battle destiny. Not to mention the X-Wing Laser Cannons. A bothersome TIE? Boom. Nasty independent starfighter, perhaps Zuckuss getting on your nerves? Boom. Not to mention using them with Sorry About The Mess, and/or Slight Weapons Malfunction. 2 of the X-Wings even add 1 to the weapon destiny of the Cannons. And then there’s also S-Foils, make all the X-Wings power +2 and weapon destiny +1. Get S-Foils out ASAP. The Cannons are now insane. If destiny +5 (Red 8 and Red 9 bonus, + S-Foils bonus) is more than maneuver, starfighter is immediately lost? Sign me up, these Cannons are great. And don’t forget Out Of Nowhere. Or even Help Me Obi-Wan Kenobi.

Home One is in here, I know it’s expensive, but in this case you can afford it. It’s a great ship, we know that.

Dash Rendar and Outrider, we know that’s good too, eh? Yeah, good stuff.

Not to mention I’ll Take The Leader... another great card. Add 2 to the immunity of your unique piloted starfighters. Let’s see... that makes each of your starfighters immune to attrition <6 now. But wait, wait... remember Yoda at his Hut? Ah, yes... it’s almost as if your starfighters are now immune to attrtion <8. Yep, <8.

Any starfighters without pilot characters are power -2. This would include the bounty hunter ships and TIEs. Nifty.

So don’t worry, your systems are in pretty good hands.

Your Force drains are nice. Drain at Kessel for 3, Cantina for 2, Jundland Wastes for 2, Marketplace for 1, and Tatooine for 1. Not to mention the opponent’s locations too, you can always try to take them over and drain.

And your retrieval, very nice. How’s 5 per turn sound? Celebration, Figrin, and Marketplace.

Oh, and their drains? Hey, don’t worry. Not only are you retrieving bunches, but you also have TK-422 and Boussh at your disposal, and even Caldera Righim if needed. If you’re worried about space drains too, try tossing in a Landing Claw or 2. Who sees that coming? And besides, you have Menace Fades, which eradicates their Force drain bonuses.

Yes, Caldera Righim. I like the guy. Not only can he prevent battles from happening at a site, which is good when he’s alone at their fortified site or when you just need to keep safe from their threatening horde, but he also lets you draw 2 cards from the top of your Reserve Deck if a battle does manage to happen at same site. Regardless of what you think, this can definitely be useful... it’s easy to draw a SATM/BP, SWM, Clash, Help Me Obi, Yoda Stew, Out Of Nowhere, Jedi Lev, Narrow Escape... you get the idea.

Jeroen Webb, you’re probably asking, why is he in here? To explain exactly why would take quite a while... I’ll just say this... he’s a low-deploy high-forfeit decent-destiny spy pilot who has come in handy for me countless times ever since I got him in my first pack ever. My lucky black-bordered Jeroen Webb... yeah, it may be a little bit of a sentimental thing, but he really is handy. He’s a pilot, in case you need that. And being a spy is always good. And good forfeit fodder. All for a low deploy.

Oh, and don’t forget the forfeit bonus that Insurrection provides for 5 of your characters.

Oh, one more thing, never ever forget about Threepio With Parts Showing and his text, and especially don’t forget that he adds a battle destiny with Chewie. Threepio also helps you get your stuff out and set up your nasty tricks, him, along with the rest of the searcher cards, makes it almost too easy...

The destinies in this deck are good too, with all the 0s being pulled early, the characters being deployed, and the high-destiny cards (which there’s plenty of) are being recycled. There are 15 cards of destiny above 3, that’s over a 4th of your deck considering your starting cards and cards you pull. Out of those 15, 8 of them are recyclable and very easily trackable. Actually, they’re all recyclable and easily trackable when you use Traffic Control, but... you know what I mean. Keeping in mind that sabers get 2 draws, the Cannons can be +5 (you should always try to fire them at least at +3 so the ship is immediately lost when hit), if needed you can add 3 to Chewie’s rifle with BP, you often get multiple battle destinies, destinies to power, etc... the destinies are just good.

As for matchups, this is a stable, solid, balanced deck, and all your matchups will basically be the same. Set up on Tatooine, start draining and retrieving. They come to Tatooine, make them regret that decision. Drain at Kessel. If they spread too thin, make them pay. Stop their drains. Annoy them, deceive them, confuse them. Use all their tricks to their potential to the best of your ability and you’ll be fine. That’s all there is to it, really, use common sense. I wish you the best of luck if you try it, or anything like it, feel free to make your own adjustments or whatever.

Oh, and if you have ANY questions at all, D-Mail me, immediately, please

Thanks for reading. '