---
layout: post
author: ! Ryan "frenchie6901" French
title: ! "Who cares if There Is Good In Him"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-09-17
description: ! "Don’t rate this deck low just because I don’t use RST to drain on Endor  TIGIH has the bonus of coming out strong without a drain limit.  Throw in Close Air Support and Capital Support..."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(10)
There Is Good In Him/I Can Save Him
Chief Chirpa’s Hut
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Luke’s Lightsaber
Endor Landing Platform (DB)
I Feel The Conflict
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Strike Planning
Squadron Assignments
Ultimatum

Locations(5)
Endor
Rebel Landing Site
Hidden Forest Trail
Back Door
Home One War Room

Characters(26)
General Crix Madine
General Solo
General Calrissian
General Walex Blissex
Admiral Ackbar
Daughter Of Skywalker
Leia w/Blaster Rifle
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk x2
Corporal Midge x2
Wuta
Orrimaarko
Lt. Page
Lt. Greeve
Sgt. Brooks Carlson
Sgt. Junkin
Corporal Kensaric
Corporal Beezer
Captain Yutani
Major Panno
Colonel Cracken
Lt. Blount
First Officer Thaneespi
Nien Nunb
Qui-Gon Jinn

Weapon(2)
Anakin’s Lightsaber
Chewbacca’s Bowcaster

Starships(4)
Home One
Gold Squadron 1
Tala 1
Tala 2

Interrupts(9)
Rebel Leadership
Insertion Planning x4
Take The Initiative x2
I Know
Mindful Of The Future
The Signal

Effects(2)
Insurrection & Aim High (possible start against TIE decks)
Close Air Support

Others(1)
Capital Support '

Strategy: '

*******UPDATE******
if you’re worried about SAC (don’t see it much in my meta) drop chewie’s bowcaster for Do Or Do Not & Wise Advice, possibly even start that instead of Ultimatum.  Also, I’ve taken out Walex Blissex and put in Double Agent, which is easy to use with Cracken and Blount, both pulled by Madine.

DO NOT rate this deck down just because it isn’t Rebel Strike Team.  TIGIH has better potential than RST, even though it doesn’t start the Endor system. For one thing, it starts off with a drain on first turn, and no limit on drains til you flip like RST.  also, notice that i don’t place a high priority on flipping my objective...Luke does more damage draining on the ground with Midge than the flipped objective, although i have won by crossing Vader.  i typically keep luke at the landing platform so the opponent can try to keep him under wraps if they really want to...

This is the straightforward TIGIH Madine scout Midge drain deck of old with direct damage thrown in through Capital Support and extra power with Close Air Support.  Start I use Jedi Knight Luke because he’s obviously better, and it gives me numbers protection right off the bat.  Ultimatum gives you the luxury of holding down big force drains at other locations, forcing your opponent to spread out if he wants to cause any big damage, whereupon you hit him either in the Falcon or on the ground with Beezer and friends.  Squad Assignments is necessary to get the small space section up to full strength in no time.  Insurrection/Aim High is a good start against TIE decks to hurt Sienar Fleet Systems, plus most of your scouts get forfeit bonuses in case of beatdown.  

In space, concentrate on just holding Endor...although against a dedicated space deck that will be tough.  i use the AO strictly for the damage on Endor, to make my opponent come to me.  that’s also why i’ve got blissex in here, the single most maligned card choice in the deck, and the first one that’ll ever come out.  i don’t have any of the good DS2 capital ships...or the Spiral or Tantive for that matter.  so i go with the Tala’s, which gives me the ability to pull the pilot with Madine, reveal with Squad Assigns for the fighter, then pull Close Air Support with The Signal and get a big advantage on the ground.  Home One War Room is of course for deploying Home One, but its also a place to stow Madine if your running into lots of battles on Endor and need his immunity bonus...but watch out for Mara

other card choices
two ChewieO.K.?  yeah, he’s a big power character, able to pull Wuta free for pulling sites, and with Insurrection he’s got big forfeit, so i drop one and then redeploy next turn, causing psychic damage to my opponent.  plus his weapon is Chewie’s Lightsaber (ok, bowcaster) with a destiny of 2.

General Who Blissex? hey, he’s a general, for the AO’s damage.

Mindful of the Future and Wuta?  Wuta pulls sites, Mindful is strictly for the system.  getting the direct damage setup is quite nice, as is the Close Air Support.

two midges? hey i like the drain bonus. plus it freaks out your opponent, trying to figure out when you retrieved him.

Don’t worry much about matchups, just play your deck...drain and make the damage, win battles when you have to and maybe you’ll turn Vader, but that’s not really so important for this deck.  but of course don’t ever forget to take his/her card for I Feel The Conflict.

Last game i played with this deck was over AIM against a BHBM/choke deck...with two cards on Feel the Conflict and two on Insig. Rebellion, Vader captured Luke and we both flipped.  i hit up a lone Maul twice for battle wins and crossed Vader...won by 11...very fun game.

cards you might wanna add
Chewie’s AT-ST for his bowcaster
if you really wanna concentrate on Endor system
maybe sub in Spiral and Liberty for Yutani or Blissex
maybe add Moving To Attack Position to keep the Talas around
maybe add Battle Plan and Menace Fades for Ultimatum
other suggestions?

biggest problem with this deck no Force retrieval (although that hasn’t stopped it from winning)...any suggestions to that?   '