---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "The Rattler" Schiemer
title: ! "Michael Schiemers Cloud City"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-06
description: ! 'Uses Hb for quick generation while dbs and cloud city battlegrounds get set up.Harc seff reduces their drains on cloud city while you drain.If they come after you then they’ll get smacked.Super Falcon is there if needed.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Possible Starting Stuff(8)
HB objective
HB indicator
rendevous point
HFTMF
insurrection
staging areas
draw their fire(vs. ties)
do or do not/wise advise(vs. everything else)

Locations(8)
dagobah
hut
cc db
hoth db
home 1 db
2x CC downtown plaza
CC lower corridor

Characters(19
3x Jedi luke
3x obi w/saber
2x leia w/gun
2x captain han
2x harc seff(read strategy)
owen + beru
corran
orrimarko
melas
twass
lando w/gun
chewie protector

Ships(2)
2x Milleneium falcon

Weapons(2)
anakin’s saber
lukes saber

Interupts(17)
4x TT/OOC
OOC
2x weapon levitation
fallen portal
i know
sorry about the mess
clash
barrier
2x signal
2x on the edge
off the edge

Effects(4)
2x frozen assets
ounee tah
order to engage

Cards I want to add
aim high
bith shuffle/desperate reach
yoxit
wedge antilles


'

Strategy: '

   Take out OOC for aim high. Take out a captain han for a foiled han w/gun. Take out the hoth db and satm for another off the edge and the satm/bp.
Obviously start OUNee tah vs. ROPS.

SUPER FALCON IS ONLY USED FOR HIT AND RUN MISSIONS IF YOUR OPPONENT SPREADS OUT TOO MUCH. ITs MAIN USE IS TO TAKE OUT A LONE TIE OR TWO AGAINST SIENAR FLEET OR IF YOU FIND A WEAK SPOT AT A SYSTEM. ITS NOT MEANT TO HOLD A SYSTEM BUT TO TAKE CHEAP SHOTS AND MAKE YOUR OPPONENT COMMIT TO THEIR SYSTEMS. KEEP THIS IN MIND WHEN REVIEWING BECAUSE MANY OF YOU HAVEN’T.

     READ STRATEGY BEFORE RATING

   The strategy to this deck is actually pretty simple. Get out your db’s with insurrection and get out dagobah w/hut from the objective. First secure the cloud city db with a solid force .Then draw up for your battlegrounds and harc seff.Remember to track your signals and OOC. Once you get out a CC battleground you should probably move there.Getting both battlegrounds out will be easy with 2x downtown plaza retrieving any lost ones. Gain control of both battlegrounds(guys with sabers at the lower corridor if possible). Drain there and watch your opponent come to you. barrier and clash can do quick work of people and prep. them for a beatdown.You will be powerful at each site so it won’t really matter if they battle you.
     The very good tactic in this deckis that is that it can chose when to battle. It can run away and block drains with harc seff or it can move to opponent and force them to battle with order to engage.Use draw their fire/frozen assets with the super falcon to take some cheap shots in space. Use fallen portal to help during battles at dbs.Retrieve once destiny is tracked with on/off the edges.This deck has good force generation so it will be very easy to pay for secret plans.

  Special Matcups

Vs. HD
 If they duel be careful with obi but don’t let it ruin your strategy. Fight their guys and keep their objective flipped and you should win.Visage will be dead.

Vs. Ties.

 Spread out and drain at your battlegrounds and thir war room if they put it down. Smack them in space with frozen asstes/draw their fire and super falcon and then run away.Use order to engage and i know to help you out .Retrieve falcon with your on /off the edges and then do it again.Tougher game but falcon will make them commit or they will be destroyed by it.

VS. Scum
   Solidify CC and then battle their guys  at the audience chamber. Frozen asstes/draw their fire will help. You have many characters to fight with and harc seff might be able to reduce a few drains.(Can someone answer me if I can use harc seff or it could be worse to reduce a drain if my opponent is playing hutt influence? Only answer if you are sure.)

Other decks you face have about the same strategy .I hope you liked the deck and that you rate this fairly. Thanks for reading.    '