---
layout: post
author: ! Dennis "PCGSAlucard" Jeffris
title: ! "EBO Fake Out Super Activation"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-03
description: ! "This is a deck to fake them out about EBO, and set up massive activation in a few turns."
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (4)

Hoth Main Power Generators
Hoth North Ridge
The Signal
A New Secret Base

Locations (6)

Dagobah
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Dagobah Bog Clearing
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Command Center
Hoth Echo Corridor

Starships (7)

Home One
Outrider
Green Squadron 3
Tala 1
Tala 2
Millenium Falcon
Red Squadron 1

Characters (21)

Captain Han Solo
Dash Rendar
Lieutenant Page
Luke with Lightsaber
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Leia with Blaster Rifle
Owen Lars & Beru Lars
General Crix Madine
Lieutenant Blount
Chewbacca, Protector
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Colonel Cracken
Tycho Celchu
Orimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Admiral Ackbar
Kal Falnl’ K’nordos
General Calrissian
Obi-Wan with Lightsaber x2
Corran Horn

Effects (5)

Squadron Assignments
Bacta Tank
Honor of the Jedi
Docking and Repair Facilities
Hiding In the Garbage

Admiral’s Orders (1)

I’ll Take the Leader

Interrupts (16)

It Could Be Worse x3
The Signal x2
Nabrun Leids x2
Rebel Barrier x2
Rebel Leadership
The Bith Shuffle/Desperate Reach x2
Free Ride
Fallen Portal
Visored Vision
Careful Planning '

Strategy: '

This might seem like a really, really, really stupid deck, but it works (surprisingly) extremely well.

This deck is played totally reactive and defensively, as there is no easy way of making them lose force.  Actually, the only card in here that makes them lose force is North Ridge.  You can throw a revolution in to drain at Yoda’s Hut, but Evader is heavily played here and I don’t find it to be useful enough.  Anyways, this is how you play it

If your opponent is playing a high activation deck for him, and none for you (like SYCFA), then get Dagobah w/ A New Secret Base at the beginning of your turn.  If you have Dagobah or Yoda’s Hut in hand, use ANSB to get Echo Command Center and Echo Docking Bay.  Use Dagobah to deploy Yoda’s Hut from your reserve deck.  Repeat this next turn, deploying whatever you didn’t last turn.  Now you should have enough force every turn to do whatever you want.  Your opponent will also most likely deploy sites where you can activate force.  Now you wait for them to deploy somewhere where they are vulnerable, and stomp them.  If they leave a site open for you to drain at, go for it.  You can spare characters, as all of these characters are beefy ones.  So just counter what they’re playing, and you’ll be fine.  Make sure you use Tawss Khaa’s retrieval capabilities and Orrimaarko’s force loss bonus.  Throw your characters into the bacta tank.  Reduce big losses with It Could Be Worse.  In space, throw your ship in Docking and characters in Bacta Tank.  The only thing that is lacking here is solid retrieval capabilities.

So there it is  watch for weaknesses.  Drain at Cantina, Executor sites, or wherever you can drain at.  Block out Court/S&D damage with Honor.  They usually deploy Decree and try to take Hoth, because they think you have little characters and lots of ships.

Some cards that might need explaining

Hiding In the Garbage  One of the BEST effects I’ve ever seen.  Activate 18 force, but no characters to reinforce your guys?  Get them then deploy them.  Know a card is in there that you need NOW?  Get it.  It’s versitile and AWESOME.

Free Ride  Take away their Tempest Scouts.  Quite effective, and a trackable 5.

Bith Shuffle/Desperate Reach  Cancel Imperial Barrier and trackable 5.

Visored Vision  Someone rely on 1 or 2 interrupts and just play one?  Get rid of it.

Fallen Portal  Why do I have this in here?  Most decks play with docking bays, and it’s an easy kill.

Careful Planning  Activate force if you forget to leave some in for First Strike or something, or get some more force for It Could Be Worse, or whatever reason you need.  It’s a good card.  Plus, it’s a 5 destiny

Give this deck a try.  You’ll be surprised.  Please, I love contructive criticism, not comments like "this sucks ’cause it’s not WYS."  thanks. '