---
layout: post
author: TJ "Techmaster" Holman
title: 'Raping An Amish Oompa Loompa Done RIGHT'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-29
description: 'Brian hunter asked me to post this deck for him, something about his obsession with the amish and oompa loompas or sumthin i dunno.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Brian says that this is the proper way to date rape an amish oompa loompa so if thats your bag these are some of the key tips to know if no particular order, just practice with the deck first.

The oompa loompas live here (5)

Cloud City: Carbonite Chamber 
Cloud City: East Platform (Docking Bay) 
Cloud City: Security Tower 
Jabba’s Palace: Audience Chamber 
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94 

Characters (17)

The oompa loompas and their hybrid friends

Aqualish 
Pote Snitkin 
Ugloste 
Ugnaught  x12
Watto 
Yuzzum 

Interrupts (13)

Always Thinking With Your Stomach (or in this carse, your coc_k)

Any Methods Necessary (catch phrase of most rapists)

Charming To The Last (just think this when the oompa loompa is still crying)

Go For Help! (DONT EVEN TRY TRICK!)

Hutt Smooch (aka the rusty trombone)

Moment Of Triumph (when the job is done)

Overwhelmed (dont take much, but brian insists you need this)

Physical Choke (hunter said this helps keep the oompa man in line)

Prepare The Chamber (this is some obscure reference to your pants i think)

Surprise (IM GONNA RAPE YOUR AMISH A_SS!)

They’re Coming In Too Fast! (self explanitory)

Unexpected Interruption (clock that bitc_h as_s oompa loompa with a bat and make your move)

Hunter’s Obsession- raping amish oompa loompas of course 

Effects (20)
A Day Long Remembered (as is with every day of oompa rape)

All Wrapped Up (just so the victim can’t move)

Breached Defenses (get them lil man pants off)

Carbon-Freezing  x3 (this is the hot tech)

Closed Door (BEAAATCH DONT EVEN TRY TO RUN)

I Had No Choice ("HE SAID HE LOVED ME!")

Meteor Impact? (naw hoe, that was just ma ballz)

Mournful Roar (Hunter said this is the only time he feels bad about what he did)

No Escape (you aint gettin away from it)

Pinned Down (need i say more)

Security Precautions (ya jimmy hat)

Shot In The Dark (hey, im not the only one here thats missed target on the first try)

Silence Is Golden (tape that oompa loompas mouth up for added safety)

Sudden Impact (the balls deep manuver)

Tentacle (hunter said his cack looked like the pic on the card)

There’ll Be Hell To Pay (only if that loomp talks)

Watto’s Box (hey, its the box)

You Want This, Don’t You? (ya i see it in your eyez)

Weapons (2)
Dark Jedi Lightsaber (wouldnt be complete without a lil sodomy)

Gaderffii Stick (CLUB THAT HOE BEFORE YA RAPE THAT OOMPA LOOMPA SON)

Devices (2)
Binders (protection from flailing arms)

Carbonite Chamber Console (i dunno)

Unknown Type:
Carbon Chamber Testing/My Favorite Decoration 


Strategy: 

I dont really no how to play the deck, ive never raped an amish oompa loompa so pleeze direct your questions to brian hunter.

Techmaster 