---
layout: post
author: ! John "Parn12" Digiovanni
title: ! "Some Like It Rough  Others Like It Fast"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-16
description: ! "Well, another spin on Watch Your Step.  My other deck wasn’t as well liked, seems some people can’t understand my concepts... so let me try something a little more direct."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7)
Watch Your Step/TPCBALR
Tatooine
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Battle Plan
Squadron Assignments

Locations (4)
Kessel
Corellia
Kiffex
Corulag

Characters (19)
Ralltiir Freighter Captain x3
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Captain Han Solo
Mirax Terrik x2
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Wedge Antilles x2
Luke With Lightsaber
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Dash Rendar x2
Leebo
Rayc Ryjerd
Talon Karrde
Melas

Starships (7)
YT-1300 Transport x3
Millennnium Falcon
Pulsar Skate
Red Squadron 1
Outrider

Interrupts (13)
Control & Tunnel Vision x4
Out Of Commission & Transmission Terminated x2
Star Destroyer
Noble Sacrifice x2
The Signal x2
Rebel Barrier
Sorry About The Mess & Blaster Proficiency

Effects (5)
Corellian Engineering Corporation
Kessel Run x4

Weapons (1)
Anakin’s Lightsaber

Admiral’s Orders (4)
I’ll Take The Leader x3
No Questions Asked '

Strategy: '

Well, many people didn’t seem to go too well for the ground based Watch Your Step deck, said it’d take too much to keep the system and ground with such a limit on characters... though I really do not see the problem, even now.  But let me try to get some more feed back on my space version of this new deck.	Of course it plays the Kessel Runs, I just don’t like the Outrider’s text of placing it out of play.

Always heard if you’re gonna do something, do it right.  Pull Kessel or Corellia with the objective... try to get CEC as soon as possible, makes these things a lot easier to get out and use.  It makes all Freighters (everything except for the Pulsar Skate and Red Squad 1) -1 deploy and +1 hyperspeed.  4 Control/Tunnel Visions helps to get what you need a little faster, plus they are great drain killers with the back side of the objective.  Do the Kessel Runs from Corellia (retrieve 7, more if you can skip the smuggler over to the Pulsar Skate at Kiffex or something, but that’s a sweetener).  The RFC’s aren’t in the deck for running from Ralltiir, obviously, just the fact that they are good pilots in a deck and are smugglers, enough said about them.	While you run in space, just drain with Kiffex and Kessel, beat him down if he dares to test your mettle in the sky.

A ”super falcon” is possible with this deck, but not entirely neccessary.  Sure it can practically make the jump from Corellia to Kessel, but the Outrider with Leebo can make it easily with CEC out.  The destiny drawing power in the deck is pretty good too, typically 2 destiny per battle, more if EPP Han is with Luke or if Capt. Han is piloting his bird.	The Outrider is just sweet with Dash on it, 6 power (or more) and can reduce another starship’s power by that amount?  Awesome  I’ll Take The Leader is pretty ruling in this deck too, YT’s are expendible, but the rest are typically immune to a lot of attrition, so its more quality, not quantity.  Corulag is in the deck for this reason, and this reason alone.  I need to make somewhat of a middle ground to make jumping around easier to do, so I picked out the most harmless system I could (a 2/1 system where he is drain -1, not bad).  Hold the Cantina down with Luke and people you’re not using in space, and if you need them, just get them to the docking bay, get them the ship, and zoom them up to join the frey.	Even the docking bay is a drain 2 with I’ll Take The Leader out.	And regardless what most people may think, No Questions Asked is damn powerful, on the ground though.  A smuggler can make a move to another site to spread for a drain during the control phase or just join an attack from an adjacent site.	Or if you just need to control what is out at the site before initiating a battle (Dr. E control, Dengar, etc), fire one of your enhanced character’s weapons (Han, Chewie, Lando) at someone, hell, can even use the Sorry About The Mess or Blaster Pro, depending on what side you want to use.  But I’ll Take The Leader is a lot better in a general sense to the deck, that’s why there are 3 in here.	But drain a little on the ground, use enough to keep that site under control, and then take over the skies and run your opponent to death, so that’s pretty much how everything should go... hopefully

As always, suggestions are always welcomed  Just random thoughts to possibly make this deck better, or just random praise on how good it is already (always welcomed too).  Ciao for now  '