---
layout: post
author: ! Will "Bejarid" Wright
title: ! "Credits will do fine. Yes, they will."
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-09-05
description: ! 'A cobbled together deck that works out in tests, but has yet to face a real challenge.'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
The Hyperdrive Generator’s Gone/We’ll need a new one


Starting (7)
Credits Will Do Fine
Tatooine City Outskirts
Tatooine Watto’s Junkyard
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Aim High
Ounee Ta
The Camp


Character-Alien (1)
Jar Jar Binks


Character-Galactic Republic (6)
Captain Panaka
Obi-Wan Kenobi, Padawan Learner
Padme Naberrie
Ric Olie
Sabe
Yane


Character-Jedi Master (4)
Mace Windu
Master Qui-Gon
Plo Koon
Yoda, Senior Council Member


Device (1)
Obi-Wan’s Journal


Effect (8)
All My Urchins
Bacta Tank
Lightsaber Proficiency
Meditation
Projection Of A Skywalker x2
Thrown Back
Traffic Control


Epic Event (1)
I Did It


Interrupt (17)
A Jedi’s Resilience
Away Put Your Weapon
Blaster Deflection
Changing The Odds
End Of A Reign
Inconsequential Barriers
It Could Be Worse
Losing Track
Mindful Of The Future
Nabrun Leids
Neck And Neck
Seak With The Jedi Council x2
The Signal
Too Close For Comfort
Transmission Tereminated
Weapon Levitation


Location (5)
Coruscant (Cor. Edition)
Coruscant Jedi Council Chamber
Tatooine (Cor. Edition)
Tatooine Marketplace
Tatooine Obi-Wan’s Hut


Podracer (1)
Anakin’s Podracer


Starship (2)
Queen’s Royal Starship
Republic Cruiser


Weapon (5)
Jedi Lightsaber x2
Naboo Blaster Rifle
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber
Panaka’s Blaster
Qui-Gon’s Lightsaber '

Strategy: '

Yes, obviously, this deck is not an Ep. I C.E. deck, but can easily be modified into such a deck. Also, this is my first posted deck so constructive crticism is welcome

A few notes Master Qui-Gon is in here because I don’t have the Tat one yet; go ahead and switch out for him if you want. You start Ounee Ta to prevent opponent from abusing None Shall Pass and to grab Med Frigate for a battle destiny plus one early on.

This deck has worked fairly well in tests against Hunt Down and the Dark Side Senate as well as Court. In each instance it won by twenty or more.

The overall strategy is simple Drain and retrieve.

Near the beginning you’ll want to get out your Qui-Gon with the Outskirts and high-tail him to the Junkyard. Give him his blade to enhacne that drain and maybe back him up with Panaka when you can. You’ll want to play Meditation on Qui-Gon for that extra attrition.

Early on you should also start getting your Councilors out to the Chamber. Get Yoda out first with the Chamber’s text and then Plo Koon. YOu may want to go for Mace second if Padme’s on table for that extra loss of two, but Plo’ll hep once you flip.

Use Padme’s gametext to Grap Obi-Wan out of your deck. Hopefully by now you’ll have out Ben’s Hut so you can deploy your other ’saber-wielding heavy-hitter out for a measily one Force.

Play Projections at your discretion where opponent drains alot. Could Be Worse what you can. Also, grab Coruscant and Tatooine ASAP to either chuck to a drain or up your activation after the flip.

When flipped, battle when possible to retrieve on battle destiny and use Plo Koon to cancel and re-draw for another retrieval. Try and retrieve with the Marketplace and drain every turn. Play interrupts as they come or just chuck ’em with Thrown Back and Traffic Control. Thin out their hand where possible and you should be good to go. '