---
layout: post
author: ! Scott "Froman5000" Matthews
title: ! "EWOKS There small  cudly  and deadly"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-30
description: ! "This deck is a forcedrain based deck."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'

Locations (6)
Endor Back Door(starting)
Jungle (starting)
Forest (starting)
Endor dense forest
"" Hidden Forest Trail
""Great Forest

Characters (39)
Ewok Spearman X15
Ewok Sentry X8
Ithorian X4
Dresselian Commando X2
wicket
Lumat
Wuta
Kazak
Teebo
Romba
Graak
General Solo
Daughter of Skywalker
Chewbacca of Kashyyk

Interrupts (5)
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes
Sound The Attack X2
Careful Planning (Starting)
It could be worse

Effects (6)
Bargaining Table X2
Eyes in the Dark
Reflection
Scramble
Civil disorder

Weapons (4)
Ewok Spear X4 '

Strategy: '

The Strategy for this deck is pretty strait foward.

To start, use the back door, then use carful planning to get the forest and the jungle.
At this point i am now generating 5 force without any sites from opponent.
This is already enough to deploy any card in the deck, and in most cases a couple.
The use of effects are pretty obvious too, 2 bargaining tables to cancle force drains with the 23 non-unique ewoks.
The scrable is to keep opponent to get a battle destiny with those multipurpose characters that have pilot ability.
Reflection is to recieve force, and eyes in the dark is meant to work with Graak, so that when I force drain, it must come off the top, and my opponent cannot see it.

Although this deck is meant to force drain, the ewoks come well prepared to defend their home turf.  When deployed to the back door, with a couple ithorians, or daughter of skywalker, the Ewoks can become little power 5 monster, or even more.

Daughter of skywalker is great for this deck, because she makes all of the ewoks +1 power
The ithorians do the same thing, except they will also add 1 to my force drains.

The Civil disorder is always fun to put out because its pretty hard to get more characters out than me with this deck.

The Ewok Spears are great too, because they deploy free on a spearman, add 1 to power, and It is so easy to hit a target and make it power 0, that in the entire year that i have played this deck, it has never missed once.  For the spear to hit, both players draw destiny and I add my ewoks power.  If my total destiny is more target is power 0  The target’s defense value doesn’t even matter
My two ways of force retrieval are reflection, and Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes.  With the chimes, i target a spearman, and can usually retrieve between 8-11 force, somtimes more.

The two ewoks worth noticing in the force drain department are Kazaak and Graak.  Kazaak adds 1 to the force drains wherever i have an Ewok, and Graak makes lost force come off top of deck (With eyes in the dark, the force must be lost from top of deck and may not be seen.) '