---
author: Wilson "Your mom" Fisher
title: 'Ralltiir TIES'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-05-10
description: 'hey everyone,I was thinking a couple of days ago on how to combine these two great decks, here is what I got'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Start (6)

Rops/ITHOTE
Ralltiir
Prepared defenses
Something special splanned for them
Mobilization points
YCHF

Locations (4)
Forest
Swamp
Jungle
Wakeelmui

Characters (17)
Stormtroopers x10
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
darth vader x2
Grand Admiral thrawn
Troop davin Felth
Emperor Palpitine x2

Red (17)
All power to weapons x2
Imperial barriar x3
Sniper/dark strike x2
Trooper Assault x3
Operational as planned
Ghhhk
Search and destroy
Sienar fleet systems
bad feeling have I
Abyssin Ornament
Overseeing it personally

Blue (13)
Zuckuss in mist hunter
Devastor
Avenger
Chimera
The Emperors sheild
Dreadnaught-class heavy cruiser
Bossk in hounds tooth
TIE interceptor x6

Weapons (3)
SFS L-s9.3 laser cannons (THE SE ONE)
mara jades stick
vaders sick 

Strategy: 

Ok, so here are some things that I want to say right here and now.  Do not rate my deck by the strat I give or my spelling, cause I suck at both.

  Oh, also, FYI, blau is blue in german...at least last time I heard....

Ok, while I was making the deck I noticed that my force generation is poo on a stick.  So now I need some Imps who have a low deploy cost and are easy to bring out, the troopers are stupid enough for this mission so lets give it to them. :-)
  This deck goes for a quick flip as possable so that way you can start pulling cards out of your deck, like the Emp.  Overseeing it personally, Seinear fleet systems and what not.  You pull wakahumapooponastick first turn but don’t deploy it until you have SFS in your hand and you are ready to deploy ties.
  Remember, your objective can;t flip when oppenent CONTROLS a ralltiir location, so just stick a TIE at ralltiir to go up against super falcon, flip your objective, battle, and ghhhk.  the operational as planned is mainly for those one turn beat decks, I would put in a main course but I couldn’t find one *shrug* thats the way of things.  Search and destroy you can get by YCHF and with the flipped objective, so use that to ping your oppenent.  Oonee ta blows, that why I got the bad feeling have I, even if LSJK deploys for 7, he’ll deploy for 9 with Bad feeling have I out.  Plus I havn’t seen someone play wih Oonee ta since....well...I never have, so blau.  I would put in more cannons but I don’t have more than one so I say blau to that too.
  I thinks thats all I have to say...Oh! match ups!

Hidden main/or any other main deck:

get bad feeling have I out fast, that way the mains deploy +4.  barriar them, and then beat them down with butt loads of troopers.  

One turn beats:

Opperation as planned is one of the greatest un-heard of cards.  Just stay away from them, barriar them, Find Ghhhk quick, I think these deck are A*S!

TIGIH scouts:

This deck is starting to be very popular, I don’t know how this deck will work, so I’m a bit scared of this deck.....

EBOX or any other EBO:

Stay on Ralltiir, sniper undercover spies, retreive force, and cancel his drains with your objective.

AITC/NLFTE:

I have only seen this deck played once since JPOTSD came out. I won by 28.  with a Rops deck. Whack their guy in the chamber, and never let them come back.

QMC:

this deck is coming back only because of tatooine which is coming out soon.  I dunno how to prep for this....sorry


but yeah, thats it


Wilson 