---
layout: post
author: jason "zwitter" baretta
title: 'ISB The Australian Outback'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-30
description: ! 'this deck was built to combat the many problems caused by todays prominent LS decks ie WYS, Hidden mains etc'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'OBJECTIVE ISB OPS

Locations6
coruscant
hoth DB
yavin 4DB
DSII DB
fondor
kashyyk

CHARACTERS18
ozzel
oberk
5d6-ra7
chall bekan
capt. jonus
evax
serg. tarl
merrejk x2
lord vader x3
Grand moff tarkin x2
guri x2
thrawn
4-lom EJP

GREENS2
vader’s saber x2

BLUES8
Bossko 
dengar
zuckuss x2
chimeara
executor
tempest 1
blizzard 2

STICKY REDS11
mob points
IAO
imperial decree
YCHFE
first strike
i had no choice
battle order
TINTOE
there’ll be hell to pay x2
secret plans

BIG REDS14
prep. defenses
trample
ghhhk & TRWEU
nevar yalnal
masterful move
monnok
twi’lek x2
control & SFS
imperial barrier
imperial supply x2
imbalance
projective telepathy
'

Strategy: '

this deck is well stocked to defeat just about any light deck out there today.with the combined efforts of satisfying imperial decree very easily(with vader and tarkin on one and a walker packed with ISBs on the other)and the drain inhibition from the objective most deck won’t be able to out drain two drains of 2+ from the 3rd-5th turn.If WYS drops a ship at kessel on the 1st or 2nd turn( a popular strategy down here in aus.) try and eat it for a turn (or use control)and then use zuckuss + high forfiet pilot/passengers +I Had No Choice to dislogde em and reinfore with a stardestroyer and/or Guri. Nevar Yalnal is for blount or corran horn. Also, the objective is even easier to flip b/c of the rebel base locations.merrejk will pull the systems. now for the match-ups
WYS
the decree+ -1 drain w/ ISBs will stop the AO db drains and imperial supply can be used against  
the beggar varient. tarkin cancels the fallen portals. stay consolidated and drain at your dbs and their cantina. grabbers + imbalance will kill retrieval. guri=money
EBO 
the dbs will be useless here so you must take over there hoth sites. use walkers + control to stop ice storm and set up decree.watch out for swarms don’t deploy kashyyk and drain on the ground. it’ll be slow but the agent retrieval should pull you through.
HIDDEN MAINS
start TINTOE instead of decree keep your guys together and drain quick at the dbs. grab their retrievers or cyclers and keep vader and tarkin in hand until they come after you and 4-lom can be vital when he cancels EPP text or helps piss off Jedi Luke.the walkers keep the forfeit rich agents safe from weapons and surprise assault.and play your game not theirs
TIGIH/scouts
haven’t had much experience against this deck type so only general tips here. grab luke to hurt their activation then run to the safety of your dbs then give him to vader asap. decree will stop midge and sabers while 5d6 sitting on endor will slow their drains completely. when they come to you track for trample and divide and conquer with vader and tarkin.

try this deck feel free to alter it as appropriate and give us some feed back. ISB is one of the few decks these days that is’nt meta’d against and can still surprise players in these days of Vader decks and scummy swarms



'