---
layout: post
author: ! James "The King" Lee
title: ! 'WYS  The Path to DESTRUCTION.  Choices for the Entire Family.'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-06-02
description: ! 'The Path to Destruction allows you to manipulate your opponent, retrieve everything, and do it again, again, again  I think Im addicted.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting	

Watch Your Step/This Place Can Be A Little Rough	1
Tatooine	1
Tatooine Cantina	1
Tatooine Docking Bay 94	1
Podrace Prep	1
Tatooine Podrace Arena	1
Boonta Eve Podrace	1
Squadron Assignments	1
Anakin’s Podracer	1

Smugglers (and droids)	

Han with Heavy Blaster Pistol	2
Luke with Lightsaber	1
Chewbacca with Blaster Rifle	2
Dash Rendar	1
Mirax Terrik	1

Artoo & Threepio	3
Talon Karrde	1
Yotts Oren	1
Owen & Beru Lars	4
Palace Raider	2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight	2
Lando with Blaster Pistol	1


Starships	

Pulsar Skate	1
Millenium Falcon	1
Outrider	1
Red Squadron 1	1
Patrol Craft	2

Harvest	5
Tatooine Lars’ Moisture Farm	2

I Did It	1


Control/Tunnel Vision	1
No Questions Asked	2
Beggar 	1
Menace Fades	1
Battle Plan	1
Neck and Neck	1
The Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach	1
On the Edge	2
Sorry About the Mess/Blaster Proficiency	2
Were You Looking For Me?	3
Surprise Assualt	1
Tatooine Celebration	1
'

Strategy: '

Situation
You have Han with Pistol.  Luke with Stick and a Palace Raider in his Patrol Craft just reacted to fight with Han.
Han played Sorry About the Mess and knocked off a character.  
Draw four battle destiny and shoot two weapons.  You hit Vader with Luke.  
Your battle destiny total is sixteen (average 4) and have 15 power.  That is 31 battle damage and 16 attrition.  That is just the beginning.

Will that being a quick introduction, here you go

Starting
Watch Your Step
Tatooine
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Podrace Preparation
Tatooine  Podrace Arena
Boonta Eve Podrace
Squadron Assignments
Anakins Podracer

Dang.  This deck leaves these WYS pre-Tatooine decks in the smoke.  The retrieval basically stays the same, but you have the ability of Podracing as well. 

First turn  Activate minimum seven force.  That is truly impressive.  Initiate a podrace and start drawing destiny each control phase.  Few people will have the grasp of this yet, so get moving.  

Watch Your Step

Lets you play Control & Tunnel Vision out of your Lost Pile.  This lets you cancel two Force Drains for the price of one force, or take two cards out of Reserve Deck.  Use this carefully as your retrieval is up the wazoo.

Sorry About the Mess & Blaster Proficiency  You can play this out of your lost pile but I advise against it since your retrieval is so high AND there are five (three personas) characters that use blasters in this deck.  Two of these might be gross exaggeration considering No Questions Asked, but it worked extremely well for me to weaken their forces then beat them over the head with battle damage.  A nice poison card.

Were You Looking For Me--  Artoo and Threepio is a beating stick.  3 of them is perfect for when you loose them, they come right back instead of having to immediately retrieve.  Were You Looking For Me can technically be played six times (3 of them in the deck) for battle destiny and major assassination.  It also lets you search for the combo version as well.  A good destiny draw can KO a lot of stuff.   Remember, no-one will be expecting it.  

The Bith Shuffle and Desperate Reach  This messes with Agents of the Black Sun and cancels Imperial Barrier.  What more could you want?

Beggar--  Until you can play I Did It this effect pulls down the house by using their force to do whatever.  

Menace Fades and Battle Plan--  The traditional force drain lockdown.  The destinies arent bad either.

Tatooine Celebration  A force retrieval engine

On the Edge   Yet another force retrieval engine. 

Harvest  THE Force Retrieval Engine.  Ever Harvested a harvest?

I Did It   This gives your opponent some VERY bad choices, lets your retrieve 4 force, and lets you retrieve 1 force a turn.  Some people say this is bad with Beggar but I say its just makes their choice harder.

Luke Jedi Knight is in here for his staying power.  The only copy of him with his lightsaber is for a quick smack on Vader, Xixor, Jade, etc. and Run away or die.  The Jedi Knight is also a destiny 6.  Boo-yah.

All the EPPs are smugglers and have blasters.  No Questions asked allows them to shoot as does Sorry about the Mess.  Your EPPs have the strength and courage to run into a battle and draw destiny.  Squadron Assignments allows you to pull the craft you need, along with Mirax’s drawing ability.  Two Palace Raiders won’t hurt even if their deploy cost is 4-6 because what they can do in the patrol craft.  Two smugglers together adds a battle destiny so that you can draw 2 or 3.  

Good luck   '