---
layout: post
author: ! Cortney "dope5tar" Haggerty
title: ! "New Improved $39 99 for a new Death Star"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-09
description: ! 'All craft prepare to retreat, cuz that thing is gonna jack us up'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Construction sites(12)

Endor (starting)
Bunker (starting)
Landing Platform (starting)
Death Star II
DSII coolant shaft
DSII capacitors
DSII reactor core
DSII dockin bay
 dockin bay
Kashyyyk
Kessel
Fondor

The Construction Crew (16)

Moff Jerjerrod
Prince X
Guri
Arica
Gen Veers
Cmdr Igar
Cmdr system-getter
Capn Pellaeon
Ofcr Evax
Grand @ss-kicker Thrawn
Admr Piehole
Admr Ozzel
Admr Cheerios
Darth Vader
Boba w/shoota
Dengar w/bazooka

Dumptrucks (3)

Blizzard 1
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Cranes/Backhoes (9)

Chimera
Executor
Avenger
Devastator
Dreadnought X2
Death Squad SD X3

Lunchboxes (2)

Homing Beacon
Super Blowtorch Mark II

Bosses Memorandums (2)

Were in attack position now x2

Lunch Breaks (9)

Imperial Command X3
Omni box/its worse x2
Trample
Masterful move
Point Man (Foreman)
Operational as planned (startin)

Workin Conditions (5)

Imperial Decree
Opressive Enforcement
Secret Plans
Battle Ordah
Imperial Arrest Ordah

On the job injury (1)

that thangs operational

Work Schedule (1)

Endor Operations
'

Strategy: '

Edit Sub out Battle Order for Sumpin Speshul Planned fo dem. damn hyper escape.

Welcome to the Construction Crew Basically, were gonna build us a brand new wreckin ball and make the other guy lose force for it.

So first turn, unless the DSII dockin bay hides in your force pile, you grab it and stick the Muff there to start constructin(and always grab IAO w/operational as planned). with any luck you will have gotten a DSII sector in you opening hand and the wreckin ball will be workin by turn two.  Dont be afraid to leave the Muff-meister at the DSII docking bay alone- they cant deploy spies there and it costs a fortune to move there. then move it to a battleground w/some SD’s and start draining/causing force loss.	that is why the <> dockin bay is in here, so you can grab it w/IAO and put it whereever the wrecking ball is oppressing to add an extra 1 force loss(that is about as tech as this deck gets-its more about brute force than anything else).  You will be activating a lot of force (even w/o mob points) without giving away too much (you only give away 3 w/starting stuff, + any of the BG systems you put out).

 With all the activation, you should be able to get out a couple of capital ships w/guys pretty quick, and the extra destinies (capacitors, Grand Bad@ss Thrawn, Imp Command) will make them think twice about throwing down with your lads.

In my opinion, Imperial Command is one of the most powerful DSII darkside cards. You can use them to get admirals to ships, Gen Veers to a dumptruck, get extra destinies or shut down the cheatin super falcon or destiny addin EPP’s. Just dont be very surprised when it gets grabbed.

As far as the ground crew goes, the Cmdrs and Veers will make them lose force to the Admirals Orders and the walkers will make it so they dont get squashed by falling portals. Use the bounty hunters and Prince XXX at the opponents sites.  If the main party is in space, dont be afraid to use Guri there- her awesome text works there too. Same goes with Vader- when youre adding a bunch of destinies, the deck needs all the help it can get- the destinies arent spectacular.

Thats about it.  keep an good grip on space i.e. dont let your dread w/evax get creamed by home1. use the ground crew to fortify the DB’s for Imp Decree. And for cryin out loud, watch out for fallen portal(that means you, Prince XXX).

Things to watch out for
Lando in minifalcon.  he will easily trash your wreckin ball and ruin your day. remember tho that he cant deploy to the DSII- he has to move there.  so if you see him headin for it, deploy a capship and thump his ass. even if he survives it, itll take him a couple of turns to get inside, and that will be that much more time to drain/cause force loss.
Coran Horn. this horny old goat will make Arica his love slave. deploy her far away from this pervert.
Fallen Portal. (i really hate this card.)

Why some things are here
Arica. Just on general principal. Not because she is any good, mind you-she just has nice, uh, cannons.
Homing Beacon. Any dark side deck w/alot of capships needs this. it is dope.
Omni box/its worse. i cant track, and now neither can you. besides, its a used 5.
Oppressive enforce vs. the combo. the combo doesnt add to capships destinies, and noone in my area plays sac. noone.

Why Snoova isnt
This guy rocks. period. however. he is a wookie, and Kashyyyk is too good of a system to pass up for a big blue deck.(if you control, all wookies on table are forfeit -3. a forfeit 1 wookie? no thanks.)

Matchups.

Agents
get Imperial Decree going ASAP. you should be able to contain those stupid rats from there.

Profit
put Prince XXX and Dengar w/patriot missle launcher in the audience chamber, then refer to above agents info.

HB
get out a bunch of ships and probe some. they cant cancel wrecking ball force loss (ha)

MWYHL
duh. i hate these.

EBO
watch out for swarms. if these are big in your area, sub out dengar w/tomahawk missles for dengar in disk.

TIGIH
i havent played one of these, so i dunno.

anyhow. now im not saying that this deck is worlds quality, cuz the DSII isnt. but it is fun to play and not too bad for locals. constructive criticisms, please- this is my first decktech deck after all.

thanks for lookin,
hag.  '