---
layout: post
author: ! Norman "Norman" Horn
title: ! 'Cogito Ergo Supero (Vinco) v2.0'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-15
description: ! 'Latin for "I think therefore I win."  Heavily updated for RII release.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Mind What You Have Learned

Locations (7)
Dagobah
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Dagobah Jungle
Dagobah Training Area
Hoth DB
Home One DB
Tatooine DB

Characters (18)
Yoda the Muppet
Obi-Wan with Lightsaber
2x Ben Kenobi
Luke with Lightsaber
Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
2x Leia with Blaster Rifle
Han with Blaster
Captain Han Solo
Lando with Vibro-Ax
Chewbacca, Protector
Corran Horn
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Melas
Boshek

Weapons (2)
Anakin’s Saber
Obi-Wan’s Saber

Starships (4)
Millennium Falcon
Home One
Spiral
Liberty

Effects (6)
Insurrection
Staging Areas
Wise Advice
Launching the Assault
What’re You Trying to Push On Us?
Order To Engage

Interrupts (21)
Heading for the Medical Frigate
The Signal
3x On the Edge
2x Throw Me Another Charge
Fall of the Legend
The Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach
Sorry About the Mess & Blaster Proficiency
2x Clash of Sabers
2x Fallen Portal
Weapon Levitation
Courage of a Skywalker
Glancing Blow
Rebel Barrier
Gift of the Mentor
2x Out of Commission & Transmission Terminated

Jedi Tests (1)
Great Warrior '

Strategy: '

This is version 2.0 of my MWYHL On the Edge deck.  It has been heavily modified with the release of Reflections 2.  There are some big changes in this version that I will list here, but overall the strategy is similar.  There are some edits in the strategy, but if you’ve seen it before there probably won’t be much new stuff in there, save strategies against Jabba’s Prize and Agents of the Black Sun

CHANGES FROM VERSION 1
- No more Daughter of Skywalker -  The addition of Corran *Horn* makes me a little less concerned with getting an apprentice out fast.	Just remember that your preferred apprentices are Melas and Boshek, but if you need a guy fast you can use the ability-4 guys or even the Leia against a heavy space deck.  This leads me to the next point.
- No more A Jedi’s Strength - Test 2 was awesome at first because of the rise of scrubby 2-2’s and such.  However, it is a lot easier to activate more and deploy more characters fast.  This makes Test 2 less effective.  Test 1, though, still kicks.  This decision immediately prompted me to take out Daughter also.
- Only one type of "Edge" - I found in my tournament games that I usually had to confine myself to one site, so I recognized that the Off the Edges wouldn’t do as well.  Instead, I now use three On the Edges.  This frees a card slot for another Clash of Sabers.
- Addition of combo cards - A Rebel Barrier was taken out for SATM&BP.  Of course, the OOC&TT was a natural replacement, if I had room a third might go in.  I also took out a Fall of the Legend for Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach.  I figure that cycling fives are good too, plus I just love butchering my opponent’s tracking AND canceling Imperial Barrier
- Character Changes - Well, Corran *Horn* went in, Wedge is out.  Chewbacca Protector joins the party.	Daughter is out, but 2 EPP Leia’s are in.	Because BHBM is big in my area, I put in Scout-Luke.  If BHBM is NOT big in your area, put in another JK Luke like I had before.  Please, don’t fault me for using counter-meta cards.  I know Scout-Luke isn’t that great, but he works.
- Effect Changes - Well, I opted for Chewie instead of Lightsaber Proficiency, since the main time we see basic Circles are in Bring decks, and Luke will take care of Vader there.  I also decided that Traffic Control could be taken out for a grabber.

NEW DECK STRATEGIES

Agents - The trick is to keep Luke alive and kicking.  If BHBM goes completely out and this deck completely in, then another JK Luke is in order.  Strategically use your battling interrupts to hack away at their guys.  Killing Xizor is key.  Watch out for Hidden Weapons and grab it.  Don’t worry too much about space here, but be careful.  Don’t let yourself be caught in a trap by Bounties and the text on AOBS.  Don’t forget Corran *Horn’s* power bonus.

Jabba’s Prize - Try your best to ambush them at the Tatooine DB.  Han will be next to useless unless you get him back.  Use Clash to maximize your effectiveness in battle.  It may turn into a battle for the Audience Chamber, but don’t give up and stick to your regular game-plan.  Deal the damage with OTE and your sabers and kick their tails.

Do you get the picture that I like Corran?  Yeah, I thought so, I just like the fact that he has my last name and his first name sounds kinda like mine too...

Last thing Brangus, if you think this deck is great too please don’t give it 2.5 stars. ;-)

**** Here is an edited version of the original strategy, pardon anything that isn’t correct. ****

Well, well, well. Norman here for your deck reading pleasure Thank you for your time, and PLEASE read the strategy completely. I also ask that you give concrete suggestions with actual card replacements and such.  This deck is MWYHL Edge deck.

BIG NOTE-- This deck was built to take on the big decks in my area, particularly Hunt Down, BHBM, Court, MKOS, and other M&T Dark decks.  The way it works is relatively simple because it works similarly against most decks. You always start Insurrection, Staging Areas, and Wise Advice.

Early Game On the first turn you deploy Yoda’s Hut, Yoda, and Home One DB. Second turn, deploy Training Area, another DB, take Jedi Test 1, and Hopefully deploy an apprentice. Complete the JT1 while setting up a nice force at a docking bay, hopefully with ol’Ben and Jedi Luke. You’ll need to determine whether their focus is space or land. An early character
at the H1DB is nice.

Mid-Game Set up your Edge retrival and track your cycling destinies. If Grabbers make an appearance, it will be harder, but it can still work.  Hopefully they will come to you first to battle so Fallen Portal and Rebel Barrier becomes key. After the first battle, then clash Vader or somebody big and beat the the living daylights out of them. With your high destinies Lando with his insane Boo-ya Ax becomes a monster. Yoda helps out by subtracting from their attrition (life-saver). Get your ships together and ready for deployment.

Late/End Game Retrieval is what will win you the game. Deal them the damage with Order to Engage and get the extra drains out of the sabers.  Tracking becomes even easier when there aren’t as many cards in your reserve.  Think, and win

-Card Choices-
Characters - Good assortment of M&T characters and ability 4 characters.  BK is the best choice for this deck because of the reviving power. I like using the combination of 2 non-Epps, 1 Epp, and 1 saber for Luke and Ben because of the card conservation and efficiency. The 2 different Hans is good for space, and the good Captain can also deploy to Hoth if necessary.

Starships - I orginally had 5 starships, but I took out one in favor of a Launching the Assault. Pulling the Home 1 is awesome and you also get the bonus drain when you get the pilot on it. BTW, if you have to run to Dagobah to avoid dying, you can still get pilots to H1 by deploying to the H1DB and moving.  That’s just a quick note...

Effects - Simple starting effects. Launching has already been explained.  OTE and the Grabber are self explanatory.

Interrupts - Almost everything is self explanatory. The choices were pretty  much automatic. Gift of the Mentor was a good choice because of the Saber searching and extra destinies. Fallen Portal is just brutal. Rebel Barrier is always good. Clash is unexpected but a game-breaker. 2 TT’s
and 2 Duelers are in for as much counter HD power as possible.	Don’t forget though, that Glancing reduces Vader’s power and Courage can be used to increase Luke’s or Daughter’s power. Courage can also be used to bump out Vader in a Circle. Weapon Levitation is killer against Mara and Lord Vader. Don’t forget that it’s unique though.  And then the Edges and Trackers are obvious...

And now.... the MATCHUPS

Hunt Down - Start regular, but don’t deploy too quickly. Wait until you’re ready with a duel card and sabers and such. Don’t be too afraid though, because your destinies tend to be high. Work on getting them to come to you. Cancel Visage and you’ll be set.

BHBM - Give them Luke if they deploy Vader early, but if they save him put Luke where your biggest force is.  Get out Ben + Saber for revivaling (What a word) Your retrieval and battle capability, among other things, will do them in. If you can take out the Emperor, do it. Hard game but it’ll work.

MKOS - Sit at the docking bays and let them come to you. They won’t be able to hold out forever with your retrieval since their drains are next to gone at JP. Watch out for Sandwhirls, when they come to you, Clash and Boo-ya Ax them into submission. Your game winners will be Fallen Portal, OTE, and JT1. Watch out for heavy Scum Retrieval decks.

Court - Pretty much the same as MKOS...

ISB - Hard game, cuz they’ll be hurting your drains and retrieving a good bit.  Luckily your sabers will come in handy and JT1 will work wonders. OTE will be big. Conserve your characters carefully. Hopefully your retrieval combined with OTE and drains and battling will seize the day.  If this deck is VERY popular in your area consider putting JT2 back in.

Prodigy - Uhh, yeah. They will barely drain, won’t win battles, I doubt they’ll hold out for that long. Deploy Home One to Alderaan and go to D* for the extra drain.

TIE’s - Work with the Falcon and Home One to seize the day. If it’s popular in your area, play Aim High or Grabbers. However, it isn’t popular here, so oh well.

EOps - JT1 will hurt them bad. If they’re playing no Endor sites but Landing Platform and Bunker, don’t go to them until necessary (or when you get OTE). Let your drains and retrieval do the work. Your activation should allow for a few transits from Endor DB.

Card Options - Signal could be changed. If every deck in your meta uses Blast Door Controls, the Barriers could be taken out. You might be able to use Lando in Falcon and more Clashes instead of Lando with Ax. Then you could use only EPP Han.  Other comments are welcome, as always.

Test 2 is a great deck and works like a charm against lots of decks, particularly M&T decks. If you decide to play this deck, tailor it to your own tastes and desires and try different things. I appreciate all insight and comments you have.

God bless,
~Norman Horn  '