---
author: Adam "ADrake" Drake
title: Hey Monkeyboy... Another HD deck!
side: Dark
date: 2001-01-30
description: This deck uses speedy activation to pounce on the opponent and beat him/her like a red headed stepchild! BOOYAH!! Oh yeah, it duels too.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting:
HDADTJ
Epic Duel
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Executor: Holotheatre
Visage of the Emperor
Prepared Defenses
Mob. Points
IAO
There Is No Try/Oppressive Enforcement

Locations:
Rendili
Endor: Landing Platform (DB)
Executor: DB
Death Star: DB 327

Characters:
Lord Vader x2
Darth Vader (the original) x2
Vader w/Stick
Emperor Palpatine x2
Mara Jade x2
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Adm. Ozzel
Janus Greejatus
Price Xizor
4LOM w/Gun
Dr. Evazan and Pondo Baba
Grand Adm. Thrawn
Sim Aloo

Blue Stuff:
Chimera
Boba Fett in Ship
Bossk in Ship
Zuckuss in Ship
Blizzard 2

Weapons:
Vader’s Saber x2
Mara’s Saber

Interrupts:
Focused Attack
Holonet Transmission
Imp. Barrier
Masterful Move x2
Oota Goota Solo
Twi’lek Advisor
Operational As Planned x2
Put All Sections On Alert x2
The Circle Is Now Complete x2
Vader’s Obsession x2

Effects:
No Escape
Reactor Terminal
Secret Plans
Something Special Planned For Them
There’ll Be Hell To Pay
Visage of the Emperor 

Strategy: 

UPDATE: Texan- I know that Obi is not in WYS decks, but not everyone is playing WYS. He is still the second best LS character, and most people play with some version of Kenobi. And besides, Circle is a destiny six, what is wrong with that??

What really needs to be explained?

Before you activate first turn, pull Rendili. Activate, pull a DB (DB 327 preferably). You should have at least 6 force, and a Vader of some kind in your hand. Drop to the DB. FLIP! Next turn, activate 9 (or more depending on what the LS gives you), grab another DB and proceed to layeth the smack down on Luke and all those other LS jabronis. Duel when necessary, tracking is a must!

Matchups:

WYS: Very funny. This deck eats WYS for lunch. Far to fast to allow them big power build up. This deck was designed to kill WYS.

EBO: Be smart. Space in this deck is small, but potent. USe ships judiciously and drain at the DB’s. This matchup could present a problem, and I might fing room for Imp. Decree if this deck is prevalent in your area.

TIGIH: There are so many variations of this deck... Grab Luke and beat with everything else you’ve got. Should not be a problem.

Anything else: I dunno... Play casual.

This deck is so well rounded, it really has answers to all the popular LS decks out there right now. Track your big numbers, battle when you gotta, and duel Obi and Luke. That is as simple as it gets...  