---
layout: post
author: ! Patrick "Fiftytwo" Mathieson
title: ! 'FiftyTwos Mad Destiny Hunt Down'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-02
description: ! 'Masterful Moves + Visages + Operational As Planned + Janus + Reactor Terminal = Mad destiny'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'-Starting (9)
Hunt Down
Executor Holotheater
Executor Meditation Chamber
Visage of the Emperor
Epic Duel
Prepared Defenses
IAO
Mobilization Points
TINT/OE

-Locations (5)
Rendili
Executor DB
CC East Platform (DB)
CC Downtown Plaza
CC Port Town District

-Characters (18)
DVDLOTS x3
Vader w/ Stick x2
Emperor Palpatine
Janus Greejatus x2
Mara Jade, TEH x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Dr. E & Ponda Baba
Iggy w/ Gun
Boba w/ Gun
4-LOM w/ Gun
Dengar w/ Gun
Prince Xizor
Guri

-Starships (3)
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Dengar in Punishing One
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth

-Vehicles (2)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

-Weapons (3)
Vader’s Lightsaber x2
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

-Effects (8)
Visage of the Emperor x4
Search & Destroy
There’ll Be Hell To Pay x2
Reactor Terminal

-Interrupts (12)
Masterful Move x4
Operational As Planned x3
The Circle Is Now Complete x2
Vader’s Obsession x2
You Are Beaten '

Strategy: '

As you can see the deck relies on high destiny to win duels and battles while drains and Visage damage eat them up for the entire game.

Here’s how the destiny tracking works. Use Masterful Move to pull Visage, putting a 6 on top of the used pile. Then use Operational As Planned to put that 7 on the top of the force pile and the 5 on used pile. Use some force for something, and you’ve got a 6, 7, 5 all lined up Also you can do the same thing if you don’t have Operational As Planned by doing it during your control phase with Janus, then the 6 from MM will only be 1 card apart from the 7 put on the bottom of Reserve Deck. Or use 2 or 3 Masterful Moves during your control phase to grab 2 or 3 Visages and line them all up with Reactor Terminal. The results are devastating. And with 4 extra Visages there’s enough room to replace it if spies come to the Holotheater. With the destiny in this deck you don’t even have to Epic Duel if you don’t want to, you can swing and hit anybody you want and draw great BDs.

Turn 1 Before you activate pull Rendili, activate, deploy the Executor DB, somebody there, and Rendili. Take your Visage damage like a man (or woman, if there are any around here)

Turn 2 Now you should have at least 10 force. Pull the CC DB and put Vader there, flipping the objective. Now you’re all set to deploy CC sites and drain there or beat the LS to a pulp. Your choice )

Now for the matchups...

Vs. Hidden Mains - If they do the first turn scrub to H1 DB thing, Mara there and hopefully make the swing so they lose like 5 force from hand, then transit her away to the Executor DB so she doesn’t get beaten on. If not, flip quick so Visage damage forces them to toss important interrupts (Smoke Screen, Gift of the Mentor, etc) or characters (Luke, Ben, etc) from hand.

Vs. MWYHL - Ha Easy. While they’re still testing you’ll have flipped and your drains and Visage will eat them alive.

Vs. TIGIH - Another easy one. Second turn Vader to landing platform, capture Luke, run away with him until you can get your destinies stacked, then Epic Duel him for an 18 force loss or 6 force and you get a new dark Jedi.

Vs. Profit - Put Mara and Dr. E / Ponda Baba to the AC. If you want, you can completely forget about CC and just drain on Tat, you already get T JP, and they’ll probably have others like Mos Eisley and the Cantina.


---

Thanks for reading,

Patrick "FiftyTwo" Mathieson '