---
layout: post
author: ! Olivier "Bel Iblis" De Ridder
title: ! 'Power of the Light Side'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-17
description: ! 'A great deck , tough it might be very origanal , it works . I hope it will please youRead strategy upon review :)'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(7)
Hidden Base/Systems ...
Kessel (marker)
Rendevous Point
Heading for the medical frigate
Insurrection
Staging Areas
Strike Planning

Locations(7)
Home I  War Room
Home I  Docking Bay
Hoth  Echo Docking Bay
Dagobah
Dagobah  Yoda’s hut
Endor
Endor  Landing Platform
Tatooine  Docking Bay

Characters(19)
Luke , Jedi Knight
Major Haash’n
Ben Kenobi x2
First Officer Thaneespi
Leia with Blaster Rifle x2
Harc Seff
M-HYD’Binary’Droid
Yoda
General Solo
General Crix Madine
Lando with Vibro-Ax 
Tawws khaa
Orrimaarko
Corran Horn
Chewbacca , Protector
Han with Heavy Blaster
Juke Skywalker , Rebel Scout

Starships(2)
Home I x2

Interrupts(14)
Fallen Portal x2
The Signal
The Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach
I Know
Sense x5
Out of Commesion & Transmission...
Slight waepon malfunction
Clash of Sabers
Control & Tunnel Vision

Effects (7)
What are you trying ... x2
Frozen Assets
Draw Their Fire
Trafic Control
Honor of The Jedi
A Gift

Waepons(3)
Obi-Wan’s lightsaber x2
Luke’s Lightsaber
'

Strategy: '

Not very original , i ment. sorry )
Please take your time to read the strategy

I decided to make a good deck that could win against a good variety of decks.
I took my map and start looking...

First i sought out my objective.
Hmzz... , MWYHL is good but slow , Profit has problems against Freeze decks.Then Hidden Base.
Hey Hidden Base is a very solid objective that can even go force-D.

Now that my objective was chosen , what would i pick as starting effects?
*I decided to play on activation and beatdown.
So I needed at least Stagin Areas and Inserrection and maybe even Strike Planning to get a 2-0 and no admirals.But then i dindn’t have any place to put in Squadron Assignments.

So for the space addition , i had to look for a replacement.I looked at the space section.No other card was stronger then HOME I.So I decided to play just 2 of them and add some good stuff to protect him.

What would i pick as locations?
Endor for sure , since I played strike planning ( a good 2-0). A lot of people love the responsability of Command trick.So I decided to add a Hoth echo docking Bay.The other docking bay’s i selected where  tatooine docking bay , to deploy Ben , the Endor Docking Bay , so when I deployed Home I to endor i can shuttle up and down , the Home I  docking bay ( for activation). My eye fell also on the Home I  War Room , home I -5 deploy and power +3.
Also i added dagobah system and yoda’s hut for Yoda ( attrition -2) and giving  extra activation.
That’s enough

Now to select good characters.
Ben Kenobi can’t be missed in a good Mains and Toys , so I added him twice.Luke is also a good character , but witch version should I choose.The Jedi Knight is almighty , so I added him once , but I also added Luke , Rebel Scout , to take out Vader in a BHBM.Crix and General Solo where in to (Strike planning Pulls them).But Han with Heavy Blaster is also very good , so I decided to add him too.Leia EPP is great , having ability of 4 and being able to shoot AND adding a battle desiny with Han.Lando with Vibro-Ax is also a beater , being able to exlude a character , adding a battle desteny on Tatooine and being a SPY.Chewbacca, the loyal companion of Han couldn’t be forgotten .
I chose the Proctector , because he has armor and is able to cancel game text of characters of power <4 (eg.Janus Greatus , Boelo).
Yoda is neccecary for his hut , to add 2 immunity.
Harc Seff is a great character also , Reducing your opponents drains is very nice. Corran Horn seemed one of the best Refelction 2 characters , he has ability 4 , may break immunity is SPY and is power 5 vs spies and Bounty Hunters.
For that same matter i chose Orrimaarko ( ability 4 , win battle = lose 2 force) and Thaaws Khaa ( ab.4 , retrive a force in battles and power 6 vs aliens of ab >3.)I decided to play with a gift , so the best suited droid would be the Binary Droid (Thanx CLINT ), being able to switch off canceling targettings on him (eg Sniper).
I found that would be enough.

No to look at my red cards .
I needed some Senses to cancel all those killing interrupts , so I added 5, and 2 stackers to ensure I could win the Sense alter war )
Since i played so many docking bays , i added 2 fallen portals.I needed some extra desinies to add.So i put in a I Know and Slight Waepon malfunction.Some good destinies where also needed , so a omni box / Despêrate reach , and Transmission having a good destiny of 5 and being able to use to cancel cards or givning your opponents deck a good shuffle.Clash of Sabers was a very good card to , so i definatly should put in lightsabers too.Control/Tunnel vision was an excelent addition , since you can look in your force pile and take a card out or cancel sense alter or a force drain )
I needed a signal for my effects.
I added Honor ( because people don’t think it’s neccesary to put in no Escape), A gift ( wich is very usefull vs Alien decks , Draw their fire and Frozen assets are also very good cards.(BTW , deploy the frozen assets on table vs a freeze deck , it’s great),Traffic Control is a card you need to cut our handsize and help up your differential.That will do.

I still had 3 slots left . that was needed for the waepons.I put in a luke’s saber , because so many people try to get luke only 1 and to ben’s saber.

That’s it
Pfff , this deck is officialy off and ready for beatdown.

Start with pulling Endor and Home I  DB + 2 generals.Deploy Crix to the DB.Second turn , you have 9-0
Get another DB (Hoth) and Dagobah + Yoda’s hutt.Get some reinforcements to Crix.Nex turn 14-2 + what your opponent gives you.Beat him down and if you have Falen portel , let him innitiate the battle.He will lose 1 or maybe 2 characters )Use this deck wise and you’ll probably win

Try it out , I’m sure you won’t be dissapointed.
BTW Thanx for reading it out

Olivier De Ridder ,
Tierfon
PS  forgive my spelling if you see some faults against your language.I’m not from Uk or America.

A special thanx to clint Hayes for his cool technique with the droid.
'