---
layout: post
author: ! Scot "The Ithorian" Vales
title: ! "Smashed into Who Knows What"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-29
description: ! "I always wanted to try a Spice Mines of Kessel deck but never could make it work -- until now."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Kessel
Prepared Defences
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
Oppresive Enforcement

Starships
Conquest
Devastator
Chimerea
Judicator
Accuser
Vengeance
Dengar In Punishing One (x2)
Avenger
Tyrant

Inperials
Sergeant Tarl
Corporal Dreslosyn
Admiral Piett
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Captain Lennox
Sergreant Barich
Corporal Oberk
Captain Sarkli
Admiral Chiraneau (x2)
Commander Merrejk
Warrant Officer M’Kae

Droids
U-3PO

Admiral’s Orders
We’re In Attack Position Now (x2)

Systems
Dantooine
Kuat
Kashyyyk
Endor
Corulag

Effects
Undercover
Inconsequential Losses
Spice Mines of Kessel (x3)
Something Special Planned For Them
Kuat Drive Yards

Devices
Tractor Beam (x3)
Binders (x2)

Weapons
Ion Cannon (x3)

Interrupts
I Can’t Shake Him
Evacuate?
We Have A Prisoner (x3)
Our First Catch Of The Day
In Range (x2)
They’ve Shut Down The Main Reactor (x2)
'

Strategy: '

For quite a while (years actually), I’ve wanted to build a Spice Mines of Kessel deck.  But, as you can guess, each attempt failed miserably.

When Special Edition came out, new cards enhanced capturing and I tried using a Kessel Operative deck to capture the Rebels on land and shuttle them up to the system.  Almost worked (and if you can, please tell me how).

DSII enhanced the the space enviroment.  It became possible to do this.

This deck has beaten Hidden Base, EBO, non-interactive decks, and a few others.  It’s advantage is that you never see it coming.  After all, look at the card list; if you haven’t thought about this with dismay, you’re probably lying.

Let me also say that there wasn’t two Dengars originally as one was They’re Coming In Too Fast which does the same thing as the ship (without presence) but its destiny is a 4 (instead of 1) and is used.
Another change I make is I Can’t Shake Him for Heavy Fire Zone.  They both have their advantages but one deploys during the deploy phase and the other during a battle.  I can’t make up my mind.

Also, I would like to respond to some comments already made about this deck
First, although a fast ground Light Side deck could hurt if it’s spread-and-drain style, I still drain easily 10 a turn.  Drain cancelers will affect it, but obviously out of the most common ones (Control, Rebel Fleet, and Counter Assault), only Control will be effective.  Rebel Fleet only does one a turn and if they’re playing non-uniques, I’m thrilled because, like the Borg, they will be assimilated into my fleet.
Bounty hunter ships can’t capture so I don’t add any but Dengar.  The only possible choice would be IG-88 in ship because it can use an Ion Cannon, but it won’t be immune to attrition.
Also to steal a ship, you just have to rid it of characters.  Capturing them all will work to get rid of characters


Again, this deck works on surprise.  Players see this ISD (Imperial Star Destroyer) with a pilot or two and figures, ’yeah, I can take that with anything’.  It looks easier than it is.

Let’s look at the cards

Oppresive Enforcement With these high destiny cards, I wnat them sent to the used pile instead of lost (if cancelled).  This also adds one to my capital starship destinys.

Imperial Arrest Order Over half the characters are forfiet +2.  You need your ISDs to stay on the table.

Mobilization Points Good opening bluff but also pulls out Kuat (the onlly system Merrejk can’t).

Kessel Starts because it’s the one system you must have and hurts those Kessel Runs.

Devastator, Avenger, Vengence Ability 2 pilots.

Conquest Show me your hand, Solo.

Chimerea Attrition immunity.  Compliments everything.

Judicator Ion Cannon draws are +2

Accuser For 5 Force, I surprise you with +7 power.

Dengar in PO You need them to forfeit characters to capture.  Too bad Wedge lost his immunity to attrition.

Tyrant Adds to the Tractor Beam

Biker Scouts Ahh, the beauty of the deck.  The problem with SMoK (Spice Mines of Kessel) is the deck requirements of troopers AND getting them to Kessel.  Biker scouts are troopers who add 2 ability to ISDs for a draw.  Sergeant Barich ROCKS for this deck

Capt. Lennox Whopping 7 forfeit and lets you Tractor beam at systems you can’t drain at.

Capt. Sarkli Takes care of operative decks (I haen’t seen one in months, but...) and goes to those systems used only for generation (ie Clac’dor VII and even Dagobah)  Best yet, he’s a spy for Undercover.

Admrl. Chiraneau The reason this deck works.  Park him at parsec 6 and start the drains  He allows you to win when they don’t interact and makes those ships come to you.

Commander Merrejk Gotten by Admrl. Piett.  6 forfeit.  Gets me Kashyyyk and others.

Warrent Officer M’Kae 5 forfeit and gets all my most needed cards.

U-3PO I preferred the 3 destiny over Arica’s 1.  Might still by replaced after Coruscant comes out.

Admiral’s Orders and Kuat Drive Yards Immunity to attrition <6 and reduces deploy costs for every character except U-3PO.

Systems All within Admril. C’s range and, except Kessel and Kashyyyk, are drain 1 for Light.

Inconsequential Losses Forfiet the Ion Cannon to reduce damage AND puts a 5 back in the deck

Something Special Planned For Them Solves two problems hurts retrieval and after initiating, makes them stay around for a second battle in a weakened state.  They plan a ship beatdown and then can’t move away afterwards -- it’s worse when you have stolen and/or destroyed a ship or two already.

Spice Mines of Kessel Remember captives are lost after going to Kessel leaving your trooper with the capability of taking another captive.  PS destiny 4 so Ion Cannons hit all but the best unique ships.

Tractor Beam This is key  After the shot with the Ion Cannon, the Tractor Beam is a sure hit  B-Wings are very easy  Before playing this deck, I reccomend re-reading capturing rules for starships.  I love forfeiting THEIR ships or sending out their Falcon against them.

Binders Destiny 6  Sergeant Tarl now can hold captive the entire Falcon crew

Ion Cannon Destiny 5.  It’s not tough to hit with your destinys  It takes away weapons and hyperdrive so they can’t leave; plan a beatdown for the next turn.  With some destiny tracking, even the Falcon is at your mercy

I Can’t Shake Him During your deploy phase may deploy that Tracotr Beam or Ion Cannon.  Used 5.  Sometimes subsituted for Heavy Fire Zone.

Evacuate? It happens, but I’ll use the other ISD there to capture your ship and save my pilots.

We Have A Prisoner  Captures.  Remember if they put Qui-Gon on the Independence as forfiet fodder, you capture him him lost.

Our First Catch of the Day Used 6.  The part of the text that has actually helped me the most is that it cancels Hyper Escape.  Be flexible.

In Range Shoot that Tractor Beam twice  You are sure to hit the second time (particularly after the Ion Cannon hits them when you’re now adding 5 to the destiny; sorry Artoo in Red 5).  Used 6.

They’ve Shut Down The Main Reactor They don’t go anywhere and it’s better than Zuckuss  Doesn’t matter if they have 4 ability or twenty-four ability -- ability doesn’t apply to destiny.


Other cards for consideration We’re the Bait and I Want That Ship and They’re Coming In Too Fast and Executor


Remember You can forfeit your opponent’s empty and stolen ships (even those whose only pilot is a permanent pilot; sorry Lando).  Most damage comes from drains and battles.  Forfeit wisely.  Unique cards that are captured or stolen remain unique.  Most of the game, your ISDs are immune to most attrition.  Let them initiate against you so you have two chances to steal their ships and people before backup comes.

I’m also looking constructive criticism.  If it’s a major change, D-mail me so I can consider changing the deck before you rate it.  '