---
layout: post
author: ! Jim "NewJedi00" Sells
title: ! 'ISBA'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-18
description: ! 'ISBs And Admirals = A Solid deck that hurts WYS'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective
ISB Operations/Empire’s Sinister Agents

Sites
Couruscant (ST)
ExecutorDB
EndorDB
Endor
Fondor
Sullust
Kashyyyk

Weapons
Vader’s Stick X 2

Vehicles
Tempest 1
Blizzard Walker

Ships
Avenger
Boosk In Tooth
Chimaera
Dengar in P1
Devastator
Dominator
Executor
Vengence
Zuckuss in MH

Guys
5D6-RA-7 X 2
Admiral Chiraneau
Admiral Piett
Admiral Ozzel
Arica
Captain Jonus
Chall Bekan
Commander Igar
Commander Merrejk
Corporal Oberk
General Veers
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Grand Moff Tarken X 2
Lord Vader X 3
Officer Evax
Outer Rim Scout X 5
Sergeant Tarl

Admirals Order
We’re In Attack Position Now X 2

Interrupts
Imperial Command X 5
Prepared Defenses (ST)

Effects
Mob Points (ST)
Imp Arrest Order (ST)
Lateral Damage
Imp Decree
Something Special Planned for Them
There is no try/Opp Enforcement '

Strategy: '

**Disclaimer** I built this deck for the fun that it is to play it. I never intented to take it to a tournament, but I did and it actually plays well.

Ok The start. Start Coruscant, ISB Objective (Duh), and Mob points and IAO. The 3rd Effect is usually Decree but against WYS I use Something Special. 
First Turn usually runs like this. With 5 Imp Commands in the deck, you will almost always get one first turn, use it before you activate and pull Admiral Piett, Also pull the Executor with Mob Points.
Pull Executor Docking Bay with IAO and Drop Piet for 2, Use His Game text to pull Merjk,(if your given 5 force), otherwise wait to get him in turn 2 and back up Piett with a scrub ISB. If you get the 5 Force use Merjk to pull a system, I usually go for Kashyyyk
Ok if things went well, then you are activating 7 force from your sites on turn 2, plus what your opponent gives, each subsequent turn pull a new system. This gets around the problem of not having enough force to pop down your Big Blue package. I generally try to put
the Executor down on turn two by pulling Fondor and putting Piett to the ship. Ok I go for Admirals in this order everytime using either the Imp. Commands or drawing them. Piett, Ozzel, Chiraneau, Thrawn. You want to get Ozzel and Piett together and hopefully you get your AO out.
This will give you a -1 Pilot Deploy, -2 for Admirals, and a -2 to all Capital Starships. It’s kinda nice to drop Thrawn aboard the Chimaera for 9 force. So the point of the deck it to get all your systems out with enough pilots to make them stand alone and drain like mad. You normally flip your objective turn 2 or 3 so don’t forget to get your ISB’s back.

Ok so why some of the cards, like the heavy Vader/Tarken Package. Simple, I need to control a site for Decree to work, and with Vader,Tarkin, Veers, and Igar on Walkers with any scrub ISB your hitting for a 3+ drain and enough power to smack the Rebel’s around. Why Veers then you ask, well besides the fact that he is one of my favorite imps, he can be pulled with IMP. command, and if he is in a battle at that side, you can use the second function on the imp commands.
Why 5 Imperial commands? Alot of folks would say that 5 is just to many, but I think it works well, I genarally don’t use them for the extra destiny becuase the average destiny in this deck isn’t that high, which I am sure some of you figured out. So I use the better function. To exclude your opponent from drawing more than one Destiny against you. Use this with Veers and Tarkin and all of a sudden those nasty WYS destinies are gone. In Space that Cpt. Han beatdown is limited.

WIAP is great for this deck, a minus modifier to deploy and a posible force loss for the Commanders is nice. Don’t Forget it, it can win you the game. 

Ok Against Decks.
WYS - Popular here now, it’s simple take over Tatooine and the game is over. Put 5d6 down and kill their drains, adding Arica to their Cantina. Eventually if you get your Beefy Guys park them in the cantina with an isb and Drain Drain Drain. Remember that Tarl And Oberk in the Cantina with your Beef kills Harvest per Owen/Beru’s Game Text. So don’t let them retreive. Most WYS decks have 3,4 Max ships in them, so they can’t really spread and drain on you. Hold your Zuckass and Lat. Damage in case they try. You should win almost every time if played right.

Ebo - Ouch Tough Match Up. You need to get Big Ships in Space and send enough Guys in with Walkers(No Nasty Ice Storm) to cancel the Ebo. Once this is done, then you try to pound them in space. I realize X-wings and junk are out their and it’s probably the hardest matchup, but if You play smart and give them some early damage you CAN win.

D*2 Objective I don’t remember the name lol- I beat this easy last weekend, forget about what he is doing on the ground, put 5d6 down and get your isb flipped as soon as you can, get Decree going and Luke can Sit at his site all day. Drain like a Mad Dog in space, in my game I was draining for 13 and You win, with your Big Blue Package your not going to lose to many battles.

JP Objective (usually Chadra’s) Same as above Drain in Space and get your ISB flip working, your draining a ton and they are draining for 1 or 2.

That’s all I can think of really, try this deck, it works really smooth if played right and gives you a good chance at beating everything. While most definatly not the best DS deck, it’s a little different and alot of fun to play. Thanks for reading and hopefully I will get some constructive critism instead of jerks. Oh one last thing because it’s going to be the first thing someone see wrong. The deck has no Odds Protection. Yeah, So. If your worried about it in your area, then change a card to throw it it, most people don’t play numbers around here, which is why I don’t have one in. The other last thing is, that there are alot of cards that can easily be pulled or added without changing the integrity of the deck. Feel free to change what you want to suit you, that’s what makes it fun.  '