---
layout: post
author: ! Joshua "Stormcrow" Grace
title: ! "Grace’s Big Blue SYCFA"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-12
description: ! 'Commence space domination.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
SYCFA/The Ultimate Power in the Universe
Prep Def
Moby Points
There Is No Try/Opp Enf
A Million Voices Crying Out
Alderaan
Death Star DB
Death Star

Weapon (1)
Superlaser

Admiral’s Order (1)
We’re in Attack Position

Epic Event (1)
Commence Primary Ignition

Locations (5)
Endor
Sullust
Kashyyk
Fondor
Death Star War Room

Characters (16)
Death Star Gunner x3
Adm Chiraneau
Adm Motti
Adm Ozzel
Adm Piet
Grand Adm Thrawn
Commander Merrejk
Grand Moff Tarkin
Vader w/Saber x2
Emperor Palpatine x2
Arica
U3P0

Starships (8)
Chimaera
Executor
Accuser
Thunderflare
Avenger
Devastator
Visage
Tyrant

Red(20)
Imperial Command x5
Twi’lek x2
Put All Sections on Alert x2
Come Here You Big Coward
Omni Box & It’s Worse
Something Special Planned
Lateral Damage
Masterful Move
Battle Order
First Strike
Secret Plans
You Cannot Hide Forever
Reactor Terminal
Monnok

Extra Card That Doesn’t Count Against Deck Size (1)
Hyperoute Navigation Chart '

Strategy: '

Tinkering around with decks after the Tatooine expansion, I decided that this deck would be the best combination of Strong & Fun. For everyone who ever liked the constant retrieval of Scum but wasn’t thrilled about exclusively playing aliens (like me), there’s A Million Voices Crying Out, the best thing since sliced bread.

A couple other versions of this deck have been posted by other people, but I figured mine was different enough to merit another post. Why? First of all, my destiny is higher. That helps ensure a successful disintegration of Alderaan. Second, I don’t have any bounty hunter ships. Why? We don’t need their scum. With 8 star destroyers and 5 Imperial Commands, space belongs to the Dark Side. Besides, you don’t retrieve 3 force each time you deploy a bounty hunter ship. Last, this deck can win without flipping. It’s essentially a Big Blue Chiraneau deck with a few cards added for the flip in order to utilize A Million Voices.

General Strategy.

Early game If your opponent doesn’t start Do Not Do That Again, then grab the Executor, something with Death Star in its title (the War Room or a Gunner), and Commence Primary Ignition. You may want to risk an early Command, especially if your opponent doesn’t have Wise Advice on the table. Set up activation, get your Superlaser and Gunners (to the War Room), and prepare to blast away Alderaan.

Mid game This begins once Alderaan has been blown away or you decide that it’s going to be better not to try to blow away Alderaan. Use Ultimate Power or Merrejk to get all of your systems out of your deck, and start setting up the Big Blue fleet. At your systems, you drain for 19 if you flip and have Chiraneau or a mere 11 if you only have Chiraneau’s bonus. Don’t over-deploy. You want to save extra star destroyers to retrieve force and beat down your opponent.

End game There shouldn’t be much of an end game if you set up the big drains. If you play against Jedi Testing or a very heavy light side space deck, you may need to consolidate your forces and just drain for 4 or 5 at 2 or 3 of your systems and retrieve when you can.

Answers to some questions
1. Why is there nothing to cancel Landing Claw?
Good question. But any good player who plays Landing Claw is going to have Yoxgit or some other way to get it back once it’s cancelled. Meanwhile, if they’re trying to stop your space damage with Landing Claws, they can only do that at two systems. That leaves two systems at which to drain--for about 9 a turn. No worries, mate.

2. What about Menace Fades?
Okay, I saw some people write about Menace Fades and how it would kill some of these other SYCFA decks. But, um, have you looked at what you need to do to set up Menace Fades? You have to, as the light side, control a battleground site and... system. Yessiree. Let them try to set up Menace Fades. I’ve got 8 star destroyers, 5 admirals, and 5 Imperial Commands that say my opponent can’t do it.

3. Why 2 copies of Put All Sections on Alert?
It’s a great card in this deck. Remember, that whole bit about not taking any damage at Death Star sites... That’s only on the SYCFA side. Once you flip, you can take damage at the Death Star. Put All Sections can be huge in such battles. A mains & toys deck is almost certain to come after the Emperor. Vader and Grand Moff with Put All Sections can respond in kind on your next turn. Also, it can provide a small amount of retrieval. Search for 2 gunners. Lose 2 gunners. Put All Sections for two gunners. First Strike for Put All Sections. Lather. Rinse. Repeat.

4. What about Nabrun Leids. If it’s coming back strong in your area, find a slot for IAO or a couple Tarkin’s Orders. Otherwise, you only need to keep Gunners alive for 3 or 4 turns. That’s a risk I’m willing to take.

5. Why Hyperoute Navigation Chart? "What parsec is the Death Star at?" "3." "When did you move it?" "Last turn." "I don’t remember that." "I did. I said..." "Whatever." "Whatever, yourself."

6. Why Reactor Terminal?
Oh, gosh Give me a break people. I’m a scrub. What do you expect?

Some match-ups

Vs. Anything with light side in space. Light side loses space and dies.

Vs. Jedi training. If this is a big deck in your meta, you might want to play something else. This could be a tough match-up. Don’t bother with blowing away Alderaan, at least not early. Set up in space with Admirals at each system and a Command forever in your hand. Even if Test 5 is completed, Command will add a destiny. You should be able to get around Battle Plan with the Emperor. If someone comes to challenge him, use Put All Sections to cancel an EPP’s weapon, or to prevent a destiny draw. Hold Vader to clean up the Death Star DB. If you can hold the DB, you should win with constant drains of 4 or 5 in space. Set up Secret Plans, Something Special and Come Here You Big Coward ASAP to block retrieval.

Vs. Profit. Start Arica undercover. Get U3P0 undercover ASAP. Blow away Alderaan and deploy star destroyers to retrieve 3 force each and drain for about 19. Shouldn’t be too tough.

Vs. QMC. Really, they need to go to Bespin. Blow away Alderaan and then slowly, but surely, take over Bespin. You will have 3 to 4 times their power in space.

Vs. Endor Scouts. Same. Use Battle Order fairly early to force them into space or make them pay. If they go to space, see the first match-up. If they stay on the ground and pay to drain, then you block two drains and retrieve.

Vs. Podracing. Let them win. Draw your destiny just to track them, but don’t bother stacking anything. Just plan to deploy two star destroyers and retrieve your 6 once you’ve lost it. If they’re playing an I Did It / Draw Their Fire beat-down, then lose your two force each turn to keep a couple active. When you’re draining for 19, there aren’t too many turns. Thus, you won’t lose too much by giving away 2 each turn.

Vs. There is Good in Him. If this is a common deck type, you may want to find a slot for Fanfare. But with Staging Areas in such peril, these days, I don’t expect this will be a common deck.

Vs. Random 60-card Jawa swarm. Well, you’ve probably lost, so you might as well shake your opponent’s hand and congratulate him on meta-ing against your deck so well. Man, you never expect those sloppy Jawa decks, do you?

Enjoy

Joshua "Stormcrow" Grace

P.S. Somebody at Mirkwood let me know once Justin Alfs is playing this deck with the mandatory 6 cards changed ;-P '