---
layout: post
author: ! Brad "Admiral Twk" Reinhold
title: ! "SC States Champion light 2001"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-05-28
description: ! 'a.k.a.: But I Want to go to Tosche station Deck was undefeated until States, but the record is 22-1, 10 of those tourny games.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting5
Tosche Station
HFTMF
Insurrection
Squadron Assignments
Staging Areas

Interrupts16
Fallen Portal x3
Smoke Screen x2
SATM/Blaster Proficiency x2
Clash of Sabers
Off the Edge x2
Sense x3
Move Along
Gift Of The Mentor
I Know
Life Debt

Locations3
TatooineDB
EndorDB
CCDB

Characters17
Jedi Luke x3
Ben Kenobi x2
Leia with gun x2
Han with gun x2
Chewbacca, Protector x2
Orrimaarko
Corran Horn
Wedge Antilles
Tycho Celchu
Jek Porkins
Dash Rendar

Ships6
Home One
Outrider
Green 3
Red 6
Red Sq. 1
Millenium Falcon

Weapons5
Lukes Saber
Anakin’s Saber
Obi’s Saber
X-Wing Lasers
Obi’s journal

Effects6
Traffic Control
Advantage
Goo Nee Tay
Order To Engage
Mantellian Savrip
Your Insight Serves You Well '

Strategy: '

First and foremost, I should say this This is not, card for card, what I took to states. It is very similar, with only last minute modifications the night before the tourny, which I can not recall what exactly they were. I never got my deck list copied, so now only the man behind the curtain knows what it was.

This is a power deck. By abusing tosche station, (either with Chewie[forfeit 8 due to Ins] or jedi Luke) I could activate significant sums of force with a few sites, thus increasing the overall ACTIVE destiny of the deck. By turn 3, all the zeroes are gone. Scum is usually no problem for this deck. I distinctly remember subbing in 2 weapon levitates for states, as well as a Jedi Presence, Courage of A Skywalker, and Glancing Blow. Blaster deflection also works well. Obi’s journal rocks. All these things prevent your characters from being targeted by trigger happy Dark Jedi or Bounty Hunters. Sense works well in my area against hidden weapons. Most lightside decks(and darkside, too) in my area are running the dual SAC control effects, so most everybody simply stopped playing Sense and Alter. It had gotten to the point where to some people it had become a forgone conclusion that Sense and Alter weren’t in decks. Thus, they no longer ’waste’ valuable card slots on SAC control - they assume it isn’t necessary. This is not, I should point out, true of all players around here by any means. But I have yet to see a court deck around here that has SAC protection.

Sense. One of the most powerful, most heavily regulated cards in the game. Hidden Weap-Sense. React the speeder over-Sense. Use commlink to deploy 5 million troopers as a react-Sense. Monok-Sense. You get the idea. I had at least one game vs. Court with free senses...and I regulated. This deck is designed around that point. Massive activation (17 off of 4 sites, giving up only 4) = massive deploy. In a battle, you use sense to kill thier interrupts and protect yours. A few things are immune to sense, but not as many as most people think. Use your interrupts to clear the board. 
     Heres a typical situation Mosep, Elephant Man, and Jabba are sitting behind a nice curtain of deploy modifiers and deploy cancellers. Deploy Ben+2 to audience chamber, sensing their ’bouncer’. Then Luke. As they are out of bouncers, they’ll get this weird look on their face. Add sabers. Initiate Battle. Most court decks are nice enough to run First Strike, so you will be retrieving. Clash Ephant Mon, hit and Proficiency Jabba, hit and cancel forfeit of Mosep. At this point, its Luke and Obi versus...mosep, with no forfeit. This is where I usually add Courage to add 6 and Jedi Presence to double That. So. Your total is 29 power plus a smoke screen for destiny (6), so thats 35 to 1. The opponent loses 34 force and mosep. And that is just versus Court.

Setup
basically, use Insurrection to pull DBs, and get a destiny drawer to each. Corran, Wedge and Jek, Leia w/gun (throw in a few lone warriors, if you like), Han and Chewie...use retrieval on CC, though its not important. The States version didn’t have any. The deck functions well within its own means, and retrieval, while unnecesary, increases differential. 

I won’t do a versus matchup....its basically the same as the matchup list of "Hidden Mai..What?"  
which is posted also. Its well rounded, and the interrupt section is COMPLETELY flexible, depending mostly on what you like to run. Rebel Barriers, while nice, are going out as Blast Door Controls are coming back. If Dark Surgeon is prevalent in your area, stick in a Chasm. The most important thing about it is this This deck is FUN '