---
layout: post
author: ! Chris "Artwo" Fanchi
title: ! "Colorado’s Top Dark Deck"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-02
description: ! 'This deck went 3-0 with a differential of +78 (27, 26, 25) at the Colorado State Championship, 2001. So without further ado, the Top finishing Dark Side deck at the CO championship.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Once again, no apostrophes to avoid html tags.

Starting (8)
My Kind of Scum...
Tatooine Jabbas Palace
Tatooine Desert Heart
Well Guarded
Power of the Hutt
No Bargain
Secret Plans
Prepared Defenses

Locations (4)
JP Entrance Cavern
JP Lower Passages
JP Audience Chamber
Jabbas Sail Barge Passenger Deck

Characters (25)
Myo x3 (Rep)
Gailid x2
Abyssin x10
Bib Fortuna
Ephant Mon
Chall Bekan
Mercenary Pilot
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
Boelo
Mighty Jabba
Prince Xizor
Guri
IG-88 With Riot Gun

Vehicles (1)
Jabbas Sail Barge

Starships (5)
Boba Fett in Slave I
Zuckess in Mist Hunter
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Virago
Stinger

Effects (7)
Den of Thieves
Therell Be Hell To Pay
Resistance
Hutt Influence
First Strike
Scum And Villainy x2

Interrupts (10)
Jabbas Through With You
Stunning Leader
Twilek Advisor x2
Projective Telepathy x2
Abyssin Ornament x2
None Shall Pass x2 '

Strategy: '

This deck is actually quite simple to play, and yet incredibly powerful. You wanna start as quick as possible by pulling sites and cards with Power of the Hutt and setting up to flip and lockdown. The deck uses 2 Gailids and 2 Scums so that you really don&#8217;t have to pull these if you pay attention to what is still in your deck when you search it. You probably want to pull Mighty Jabba with the Audience Chamber text so you can get the bonus from Fearless and Inventive. Try to get at least 1 ability 3 character to each JP site and be sure you can protect yourself from any beatdown attempts. Stunning Leader and None Shall Pass are excellent for this. This deck will fare well against anything the LS can throw at you, so do not be afraid if you see a certain matchup. Try to be a little subtle when you play this. Do not let on that you are playing so much space, because decks like this rarely do from my experience. You have a lot of opportunity for beatdowns, so keep that in mind when you deploy your forces.

Some of the card choices

EVERY card in here should be pretty self-explanatory. The only one that might throw you off is Stunning Leader, which has beatdown written all over it. You want to be sure that the target location if interior and that you will not be sending anyone in that would be excluded. If at all possible, try not to do it at a location that could cause you to fall victim to Fallen Portal. If you pull this off on your own turf, all the better.

Matchups
EBO - This should be a pretty easy win. Set up as quickly as possible and do not be afraid to spread a little thin on the ground. Use the Den and your Objective to the fullest and when they try to spread in space, hit them hard and cause as much damage as possible. Resistance is in there in case they are running numbers or if you cannot get your drain blockers.

Hidden Mains - GRAB ON THE EDGE I cannot stress this enough. Secret Plans is useful, but it is not enough. Be careful when you set up, and keep your eyes open for an opportunity to hit them with Stunning Leader. Do not go to space until you get Guri to prevent a Super-Falcon beating. Use None Shall Pass and Projective Telepathy to counter Order to Engage. Send Abyssins on suicide runs at their mains and, most of all, secure the Cantina at ALL COSTS.

Watch Your Step - Set up your drains quickly. They will most likely try to get Menace Fades going, so draw until you have an adequate space force then hit them hard, and do not go in until you either have Guri or you greatly overpower them. Should not be too difficult a game.

Anything else should be similar to these, with a few minor adjustments. Overall, the strategy is simple and you should be able to take on a large number of deck types without too much trouble.

That is it. '