---
layout: post
author: ! Stephen "Texan" Beckham
title: ! 'Meta Game TIES'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-10
description: ! 'This is how Combat Responce is meant to play played.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
Endor Operations/&#8230;
Endor
Endor Landing Platform
Endor Bunker
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Points
Something Special Planned for Them
Combat Responce

Effects (7)
Hell 2 Pay 
Imperial Decree
Lateral Damage
Secret Plans
Ominous Rumors
Oppressive Enforcement & There Is No Try
Sienar Fleet Systems

Interrupts (12)
2x Dark Manuevers & Tallon Roll
3x Imperial Command
Relentless Pursuit
3x Twilek Advisor
Omni Box/It&#8217;s Worse 
2x Ghhhk/Those Rebels Won&#8217;t Escape Us

Weapons (2)
SFS L-s9.3 Laser Cannons x 2

Starfighters (8)
Black 2
Black 3
Black 4
Saber 1
Onyx 1
The Emperor&#8217;s Shield
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Dengar In Punishing 1

Capital Ships (5)
Executor (original)
Chimaera
2x Dreadnaught
Bossk In Hound&#8217;s Tooth

Admiral&#8217;s Orders (1)
Battle Deployment

Systems (3)
Wakeelmui
Sullust
Kashyyyk

Characters (14)
Baron Soontir Fell
DS-61-2
DS-61-3
DS-61-4
Colonel Jendon
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Commander Merrejk
Admiral Chiraneau
Admiral Piett
Arica
Guri
EPP Vader x 2
U-3PO
'

Strategy: '

This deck is pretty simple.  I have made it to counter the three main deck types of today&#8217;s games.  These are as follows
1.	Echo Base Operation
2.	Throne Room/Hidden Base Mains
3.	Watch Your Step 

When you look closely at these decks you will see why they are all popular light side decks.  Each one has a way of retrieving mass amount of force.  EBO does it with Baragwins and All Wings Report In mostly.  Mains are always Edge tracking or OMDH.  WYS goes with either the obvious Kessel Run, Nar Shadda with RFC&#8217;s and Palace Raiders or Tatooine Celebration.  I started Something Special Planned for them because it will be the biggest hold up for early game light side.  Most of them can activate the force needed for secret plans so that will come out late game when force is slim.  Grab anything that you see might rise again and any six like Throw me another charge and Fall of the Legend.  You main objective is the get Piett and Merrijk doing their thing setting up fast drains.  Start dropping and draining and add Chiraneu asap to get even more drains out.  Why the Endor Operations platform?  Because I get four force, and I can pull Ominous Rumors out.  I rarely have any sites covered as you can tell.  I tend to drop a pilot in the Bunker and keep a Ghhk handy with Vader out on the docking bay.  This way you control your two sites for the extra drain when you are not worried about beat downs.  Your drains will be massive starting out.  When Menace Fades shows up, go and take them out in space, no biggie.  Your drains are still huge if training decks get number one done. EPP Vader is there for the good old Vader drop, slash and ghhhk combo.  Works like a charm against little guys controlling DB&#8217;s for Staging Area purposes.  Now for the biggest question you will be asking.  Why not just TIE swarms?  Well, this uses more rares so it looks cooler for one J.  Plus now you can Tallon Roll, Lateral Damage them, Relentless pursue them and get rid of all opposition.  Now you also do not have to worry about I&#8217;ll Take The Leader.  Now for the specific matchups.

VS EBO
Don&#8217;t think they have an edge.  Massive Mon Cals and X-wings can&#8217;t hold up.  Grab their All Wings Report in while they pull ships with it.  They may shoot down a couple ships but don&#8217;t worry, your big bad boys will do the job and Battle Deployment makes them all &#8211;2 power if they don&#8217;t get any of the opposite out.  You can use your little amount of retrieval to pull the pilots back in and the ships can go to your used pile.  Hit them faster than they can get to you.  Dengar with the extra destinies will smack x-wing swarms.  Tallon roll will rid you of many of them too.

VS Mains
This is going to be funny.  SSPFT and Secret Plans kill them.  Grab their sixes.  I skip the Edges and go straight for their Throw me another charge or Fall of a Legend.  That kills their tracking for retrieval and battle destiny.  Plus their interrupts are out of play anyways.  IF they go OMDH, just wait for Jeroen Webb or some scrub to run it, drop Vader and beat the snot out of him.  Funny stuff.  The one thing these decks can&#8217;t do is drain.  They normally go twixes and let the opposing guys come to them and let Fallen Portal handle it from there.  Once the sixes are gone, they are gone.

VS WYS
We all have heard your SSPFT and Plans hurt them but that is not all.  They are going to have crap for characters.  Who cares if Outrider hurts your power, if you play this deck right, you will have tons more to make up for it and extra destinies to boot.  If they see your starting obj and don&#8217;t look worried &#8220;their overconfidence in their cards are their weakness&#8221;.  Hehehe.  Drains wont be too huge either and you can out drain them.  Take over Tatooine as soon as possible to keep Tatooine Celebration from retrieving nickel and dime back.
'