---
layout: post
author: ! Josh "Sachmo" Rohrig
title: ! 'Shhhh!  I am Mining Here'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-06-28
description: ! 'QMC deck using the new effect.  I always liked the deck, so I thought I would give it a shot.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'QMC

Bespin (s)
Guest Quarters  (s)
Carbo Chamber
CC DB

Qui-Gonn x2
EPP Obi x2
EPP Luke x2
EPP Leia x2
Tawss Khaa
Cpt Han x2
ECC Lando
Ackbar
Thanespi
Hassh’n
Pucumir Thryss x2

Home One
Independence
Spiral

Qui-Gonn’s Saber

Losing Track x2
Jedi’s Resilience x3
Jedi’s Conentration x3
Path of Least Resistance x2
Narrow Escape x2
OOC x2
The Signal
Changing the Odds x2
Fallen Portal x2
SATM
Surprise Assault
HFTMF
Courage of a Skywalker

KTEOF
CC Celebration
Menace Fades
HotJ
Don’t Do that Again
DtF
Bacta Tank
WYTTPOU?
What Was It?
DODN/WA

Anakin’s Podracer '

Strategy: '

The new effect makes this take just amazing.  It had potetnial before, but there wasnt enough room in a deck to put it all- now with the built in TV there is.  Sites are basic- limit opponents force drain while maximizing yours.  The  DB is great for fallen portal of course.  The characters are basic- EPPs to make use of the great new interrupt.  I have all the Mon Calamari guys to hold the system, because combined they are great.

My area usually has lots of dueling Hunt Down, and will proably see more with the addition of Maul, so there is lots of protection from that.  DDTA is good because you can pul either of the immediate effects, and it cancels Mob Points.

The interrupts are mainly defensesive, allowing you to pick and chose what battles you want to happen on CC.  Decent retrieval from Celebration can help.  I don’t want to dedicate half my deck to podracing, but one card isnt’t bad.  Maybe sometimes I will get lucky and actualy win.  Changing the Odds is good, because it can hurt those decks that search every turn to help them track- because a lot of the high destinies DS has are interrupts, this simply gets rid of them.  

There isn’t much  of a strategy because there isn’t much for this type of deck.  This is basically mains and toys based off of Cloud City.  ANy questions or suggestions- let me know.  Thanks

Josh '