---
author: John "Scythe" Mullarkey
title: Hunt Down and Scythe the Jedi
side: Dark
date: 2001-02-14
description: This is your stereotypical HD deck with my own little twists and quirks.  Takes some of the better ideas and adds mine up into a nice 60 card slice of hell.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective(1):
Hunt Down and Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe

Locations(8):
Cloud City: East Platform (Docking Bay)
Death Star II: Docking Bay
Endor: Landing Platform
-Executor: Holotheatre
-Executor: Meditation Chamber
Rendili
Spaceport Docking Bay
Tatooine: Docking Bay

Characters(19):
Admiral Motti
Admiral Ozzel
Commander Igar
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x2
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba
Emperor Palpatine x2
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Grand Moff Tarkin
Janus Greejatus
Kir Kanos
Lord Vader x3
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Prince Xizor
Sim Aloo
Snoova

Starships(6):
Boba Fett In Slave I
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
Chimaera
Dengar In Punishing One
Tyrant
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter

Vehicles(2):
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Interrupts(13):
Focused Attack
Force Lightning x2
I Have You Now
Masterful Move
Ommni Box & It’s Worse x2
-Prepared Defenses
The Circle Is Now Complete x2
Unexpected Interruption
Vader’s Obsession x2

Effects(6):
-Imperial Arrest Order
Lateral Damage
-Mobilization Points
-Secret Plans
Visage Of The Emperor

Weapons(4):
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
Vader’s Lightsaber x2
Vibro-Ax

Epic Events(1):
Epic Duel 

Strategy: 

UPDATE: OK, so I’m a bloomin idiot and didn’t realize S&D wasn’t rare(THAT’S why I couldn’t find it!)  Drop Tyrant, add S&D

Well, start the obvious, search for Rendili, yadda yadda.  The dashes indicate the starting stuff.  I was toying with putting in another Vader, but 5 is usually enough to pull one first turn and get him out there.  Run around, activate like mad, control your opponents sites.  

I’m thinking of throwing in another system with a high parsec in case of MWYHL, but it’s taken on a couple MWYHL decks and dismantled them, so it’s not a big concern.  Otherwise, drain at opponents sites, or your DBs if he’s squirreled away somewhere.  

Use the Ommni boxes before you duel, I’ve had opponents card count for my own duels before, so it’s well worth it to keep that 5 in your hand a bit longer.  Otherwise, use the normal Tarkin trick, pull a Focused Attack out, with a saber, you’re almost guaranteed a victory even against Jedi Luke.  I’m thinkin about some SAC, since Fallen Portal always gets Tarkin, but it’s your call.  Hope ya win with it!  