---
layout: post
author: ! James "Capt Pellean" Sowden
title: ! "Is WYS Really The Best??"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-27
description: ! 'This deck is truly the best lightside deck. You can shut down anything your oppent does and win big'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (3)

Dejarik Hologameboard 
The Signal
Projection of A Skywalker

Characters (11)

Obi-Wan Kenobi x2
Luke With Lightsaber x2
TK-422
Boushh
Artoo
Bothan Spy x2
ASP-707 x2

Starships (2)

Red Leader In Red 1
Gold Leader In Gold 1

Holograms (5)

Projection of A Skywalker
Critical Error Revealed 
Help Me Obi-Wan Kenobi
Grimtaash
Houjix

Effects (14)

Obi-Wan’s Cape x2
Lightsaber Proficiency x2
Uncontrollable Fury
Hiding In The Garbage
Anger, Fear, Aggression x3
Undercover x3
A Gift
Traffic Control

Interrupt (20)

Gift of The Mentor x2
The Force Is Strong With This One
Smoke Screen
On The Edge x2
Control & Tunnel Vision x3
Control
Sense x4
Alter x3
Out of Commission & Transmission Terminated 
Houjix & Out of Nowhere
Clash of Sabers

Weapons & Devices (5)

Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber
Landing Claw x2
Portable Scanner x2
'

Strategy: '

This deck is taken from one of my friends I just improved it and made it 100 times better and basically this deck is to shut down anything your opponent tries to do and it works. I start out with the hologramboard and try to get a hologram down there as fast as possible so you can start force draining for 2 every turn. I try to get at least 1 or 2 spies into my hand and start canceling my opponent’s force drains and playing anger, fear, aggressions as much as I can and they can’t initiate any battles against you. The only place they can is at the holoboard but that is dumb cause most people don’t have any real good holograms to put down to beat you and they are more likely to lose more force in the battle then from the anger, fear, aggressions. If you have your TK-422 or Boushh down deploy ASP-707 to that same site and deploy the Portable Scanner on that character. The on your next control phase get the other Portable Scanner out and deploy it on the same character. On your next control phase put one of the Portable Scanner’s on top of your reserve deck and play On The Edge and say 5 and since you draw greater than a five you retrieve five force. Then if you have another On The Edge in your hand play it and you retrieve another 5 force and you retrieve your other on the edge. So you have the potential of retrieving 15 force. While this is all going you are saving up your force and your opponent’s thinks you are gonna hide the whole game but boy is he wrong you come down with your Luke with saber Obi-Wan (put his saber on him) deploy obi’s cape on Luke with, initiate a battle. Play Gift of The Mentor, Smoke Screen and if possible play The Force Is Strong With This One. So you can draw a max of 5 destiny and one of them is automatically a six. Your opponent will lose real bad. If you are playing BHBM deploy Luke right have to Vader’s site so you don’t have to lose any force from Your Destiny and your opponent has to lose one force a turn because Luke is a captive, Or my friend (same friend that gave me some of these ideas) plays a manipulative BHMB and gives himself all the force and almost none to you and force drains you for a lot and hides on the death star II so I deploy one spy to DSII and deploy Luke With Saber for 3 to a site that he has one character and open up a big can and keep on playing suicidal Luke’s as necessary. This deck is very good I have never lost a game with this in a tournament. The most I have ever won by with this deck was 40, but on average it wins by 30-35.  '