---
author: Tim "Timharold" Harold
title: Xizors Gambling on the Pods
side: Dark
date: 2001-09-20
description: xizors racing team
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Starting: (9) 
Agents of Black Sun/Vengeance of the Dark Prince 
Coruscant 
Coruscant: Imperial City 
Prince Xizor 
Start Your Engines 
Boonta Eve Podrace
Wattos Box 
Tatooine: Podrace Arena 
Sebulbas Podracer 

Location: (3) 
Gall 
Death Star Docking Bay 
Coruscant Docking Bay 

Characters:(19) 
Emperor Palpatine x 6 
Guri x 2 
4-Lom with Concussion Rifle x 2 
Vigo x 2 
Price Xizor 
Aurra Sing 
Djas Puhr 
IG-88 With Gun 
Jodo Kast 
Dengar with Blaster Carbine 
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle 

Starships: (4) 

Bossk in Hounds Tooth 
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter x 2 
Boba Fett in Slave 1 

Weapons: (1) 
Stun Blaster (SO GOOD WITH JODO!) 

Interrupts: (15) 

Twilek Advisor x 4
Force Lightning x 2 
Evader and Monnok x 2 
Sniper and Dark Strike 
Control and Set for Stun 
Podracer Collision x 4
Pit Crews 

Effects (9) 
Presence of the Force x 2 
No Escape 
Mobilization Points 
Secret Plans 
Battle Order 
First Strike 
Crush the Rebellion 
Imperial Arrest Order 


Strategy: 

The Deck list is quite similar to many of the current AOBS out there but you have to realize that there are only a certain of number of cards that can be played and i have chosen some cards for my local area which you need to do if a certain deck type is in you area. 

Some Cards to Remember 
No Escape: Epic Events are immune to Honor of the Jedi! 

Jodo Kast with Stun Gun: Destiny + 3 to return back to hand! 

Crush the Rebellion: Cancels Clash of Sabers 

Heres How We Start: 
First Turn We Deploy starting effect, sites and characters. Hopefully you can get a twilek and in the first turn to get out IAO or any other useful effect. Dont Forget To Draw Destiny for the Podrace. In one game i have draw 2 Twileks, and the Emperor and finished the race in 3 turns!!!! 
The Destinies are extremely high and winning races arent not to hard. Having the twileks should help you get out the Presence of the Force not only to increase your force drains but also your force genreation. With the ability to see your destinies and force pile getting out cards you need and damaging another players pod racer with pit crews is easy. Using podracer collision if the race is very close can also cause much stress for your opponent. Usually you have finished the race by the 4th turn, have effects out, have the emperor and xizor at battlegrounds draining and causing the objective to do its damage. With the Evader Monnoks you should be able to stop annoying doubles your opponent has. 

