---
layout: post
author: Nico "Tusken84" Kreidl
title: 'There Is The Best In Ewoks'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-11-24
description: 'Even without Ewok Celebration this deck has beaten Hunt Down, Endor Decks, Beatdowns...'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting: (11)
There Is Good In Him
Chiéf’s Hut
Endor: DB
I Feel The Conflict
Jedi Luke
AAAoF (Starting Effect)
HFTMF (Starting Interrupt)
Ewok Celebration
Strike Planning
Mob. Points (D*:2)

Total:11

Charackters (33)
[Ewoks]
Ewok Sentry 10x
Chief Chirpa
Wuta
Romba
Wicket
Teebo
Logray
Graak 2x
Kazak 2x
Lumat

General Solo
Daughter Of Skywalker
Chewie Of Kasshyyk
Major Panno
Tawas Khaa
EPP Obi 2x
Firin
Itorian 3x
General Crix

Total:44

Locations (3)
Landing Site
Back Door
Hidden Forest Trail

Total:47

Interrupts (8)
Nar Shadda...(Combo?) 2x
The Signal 3x
Hojix
A Jedi Ressilience 2x

Total: 55

Effects (5)
Bargain Table
Yarna
Bacta Tank
Reflection
Mant. Sarvip

Total: 60

Defensiv Shields:
Ultimatum
Aim High
Insert Protection
...
whatever you want to add


Strategy: 

-------UPDATE for CARDS-------
DON*T USE MOB. POINTS!
USE INSTEAD Staging Areas
That*s it (new updates in V2.0 coming soon)
-----END UPDATE CARDS-----

First: Don’t review it bad, because you don’t like Ewoks and review it not until you
read the whole stretagy. Thxs

---RESPONESE TO REVIEWS---
First of all, I will make a new There Is The Best In Ewoks.
But here are the responses I am going to answer, because I don*t think that they are right. If you think not the same just d-mail me.

Wickey wrote:
okay, this deck is good, but add in some high destinys. you will get slaughtered to a deck that has sixes tracked, drop most of the unique ewoks for destinys. 

Tusken84:
I*m sorry but you need at least 10 unique Ewoks because
the senrtys react only to unique ewoks + that*s the real use of ”Ewok Celebration” + The Ewoks don*t have a bad Destiny for charackters.

Wickey also wrote:
if you are worried about retrieval go to the deck, rst. blow the bunker and retreive 8, that is not that bad.you might want to add some space to hold a sight so that you don’t get hurt by battle order. though if there are alot of big blue just play what you said, the she’ll be alright. you do need higher destinys but other than that it looks really good.

Tusken84:
NO, There Is Good In Him is a better platform to play because you need your Hut [security for walkers, spy (WUTA!)]. + You have better activation [objective, panno, staging areas] so Battle Plan isn*t that problem. OKay, staging areas can be suspended.
Okay, the big blue problem. I played twice against a big blue deck. If you don*t make a mistake you will win the drain race (they loose from top of reserve deck!).
There isn*t enough slots for space, believe me. I tried (before Coruscant). I am thinking about to add some space, but I will let you know in the new strategy section.


Duke Devil wrote:
probably the best ewok deck out there, but the problem is that ewoks don’t beat a whole lotta things, even if u do beat the occasional hunt down. 

Tusken84:
they have beaten: Hunt Down decks, BHBM decks, Big Blue Decks, Dark Deal decks, TIES...what else can DS play? I looking foward to add someting against Watto. But I didn*t play against it. The direct Damage ain early game is hard...
check out V2.0 coming soon.

Officer Evax wrote something I am thinking about...

--- END of RESPONSES ---

Okay, everyones knows: Strike Planning pulls Solo
and Crix Madine! Madine pulls your scout (first
turn Chewie, who puts Wuta who puts your 3 sites!)
Madine pulls also your Sentrys which you can use 
to chancel drains (Bargain Table).

--- UPDATE for PLAYING ---
A Guy I know was playing a similar deck (based by this deck)and I saw the game. He always forgot to stack cards on ”I Feel The Conflict”. I realized that I sometimes forget that too. But that*s one of the most powerful cards what opponent doesn*t expect. NEVER forget to stack!!
Once I won the game by crossing Vader.
--- END UPDATE PLAYING ---

here are some Cards:
Ewok Sentries:
YEAH, deploy 1  and : May deploy as a react or may move as a react (for FREE) to a battle with a unique Ewok!!...
I think that*s the second suprise for the DS (FIRST is that you ARE playing Ewoks)... I like the spearmen too, but I think that*s the better way of playing it.

Kazak : Adds 1 to force drains whereever you have an ewok!

Graak: LS mosep

Loogray: Adds One to battle dest. where you have an ewok

Teebo: Adds one to forfeit (2 if with Logray) to forfeit of each Ewok.

Wicket: Track and Execlude

Romba + Major Panno: Adds Force Generation

Wuta: Puts the Sites

Okay, that means you have tons of activation!!
Your Ewok Sentry (forfeit 1) can get up to forfeit
6!!!

This Deck is one of the best Ewoks deck out there.
I don’t use Spearman because I think to react is one of the best you can do with Ewoks.

NEVER LEAVE ENDOR (execpt with EPP Obi for a single beatdown ( TRACK and be sure opponent doesn*t play Barrier! )

The basic of SW;CCG is the activation...
You activate ( if oppenent doesn*t get a Imperial )7 Force 
(if opponent doesn*t give you 1 force!) If he gives you one force you can get Crix, chewie, Wuta on table!, so your sites can be pulled. If not, move Luke to the DB and activate next turn 9 force ( 7 if he plays anti Mob.Points stuff, but then he has to play one of three Defensiv Shields, and thats a good aim, so ”Either Way, you win.
You get activation of 10 if oppenets catch Luke, and DOESN*t give you any Force!! that’s enough for you cheap Ewoks!

Retrivial is bad, so use Firin, Reaflection...
Reflection allows you to retrieve one force for paying 3.
Doesn*t sound much.
But 3 turn=3 force
10 turns=10 force!!

Ultimatum is the best Defensiv shield you have!! Don*t forget!!

Every game is the same: Drain until your opponent decides to
come to Endor... and at that point he has lost the game...


Here are some Matchups:

Hunt Down
Hard matchup, but not impossible.
Be carefull and stay in the Hut until you can beatdown him once our twice. Stack Cards on I Feel The Conflict and get Luke to Vader.

Against Space Drains Decks:
Drain for 3 at Back Door
Drain for 2 from Landing Site and Forest Trail
There*s at least one Itorian out, so you drain for
8 from reserve deck! If you suspect a lot of Big Blue Decks
you can add I hope she is alright (for Mob. Points OR for A Jedi Resilience)

Against Endor decks:
LoL, you will beat him because nobody supects Ewok (so WHO uses Imperial Tyranny??) Even if he suspects, you can use the Trail Forest Game Text, you can React, use bacta tank...

Senate:
hardest matchup, but the same as Hunt Down

Thanx
Nico Kreidl
