---
layout: post
author: Kyle "Psyokid" Ishimaru
title: 'TIGIH scouts, speed, and power'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-02
description: ! 'This is a scout deck i have put together to beat space and everything else.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(10)
There is Good in Him
Chirpas Hut
Endor Dbay
Luke Rebel Scout
Lukes Saber
I feel the conflict
Heading
Staging
Strike Planning
Insurresction

Sites(4)
H1 Dbay
Hoth Dbay
Back Door
Endor Dense Forest(good)

Characters(24)
Jedi Luke
Obi with saber x3
Leia with blaster x2
Ithorian x2
Wuta
Lando with Vibrator
Corp. Kensaric
Corran
Gen. Solo
Sgt. Brooks Carlson
Crix
Wedge Red Leader
Big Omar(Orrimaarko)
Midge
Corp. Devlar
Chewie of Kash
Corp. Crack
Lt. Blount
Lt. Page
R-3PO(old version good)

Effects(3)
I hope shes all right
Ounee Ta
Frozen Assets

Interrupts(19)
Insertion Planning x3
Signal x2
Commision/TT x2
Fallen Portal x3
On The edge x2
Dash x2(tech)
Courage
Nar shadda/Outa somewhere
Double Agent
Its a trap
The Bith Shuffle/desperate '

Strategy: '

Well heres my scout deck i have rescently put together... FIRST I got this idea when i saw ALFRED playing it at rescent tournaments and CLAYTON playing his version and im just playing a differnt type. 

This deck is all about speed draining and crossing Vader if you can.  This deck has very high destiny and power so you can get many cards stacked on I feel conflict.  

It is fast enough and big enough to outdrain ties and MKOS if you play it right.  Plus with all the Fallen Portals you can go to thier JP without any worry.  Also going to the Desert heart is nothing with brooks carlson there with his buddies.

Card Explanations

R-3PO  Great droid for those stupid Tie decks with thier undercover spies like Arica and U-3PO.  Its great because they use up a character to take 3 damage if mara and 4 if U-3PO almost as good as the drain.

Dash  Great card for scouts since they move for free with this card.. The main reason for this card is because of Brooks Carlson.  He gets to move him and like all the other scouts to the next site with him because when he moves other scouts can move also.  

Dense Forest  I like this card way better than the Endor landing site.  Mostly because you have page in here to give you the -1 deploy if you need it PLUS those stupid AT-AT and their tramples cant go to this site.. At-Sts can but i dont know many people playing those.

everything else to me looks preety standard so onto the deck matchups.

Vs.

TIES  Try to get your activation and drains going as fast as you can..  Since this deck has so many different characters different things can happen during your first turn so try to get the drains as fast as you can..  Then set up on your sites with hope shes alright going so you can get at least a drain of 10 + the hope shes all right.

Hunt Down  Play very conservative.  Get the drains going.  Cancel Visage with one of your spies and a backup guy.  Try not to put Luke with some 2 2 scout set up the drains and battle away..  This is where you cross VADER.

BHBM  You should go for the cross... If they duel you they will lose 50% of the time try to get at least 2 cards stacted before they get luke.  if you do this you will almost have an auto turn..  Drain while they are off doing there thing and try to keep them off their other sites.

MKOS  Play likes ties.  Set up your drains fast as you can.  Send Obi and a Scout to JP to drain and have that fallen portal working to kill off his guys.  You can raid tatooine wiht Brooks and company to get drain for 4 at those 2 sites..  Dont spread out as much as you could.. keep luke with guys to stop the alien beatdown. 

I personally cant think of anything else in the Meta around the world at the moment but against any other decks try to get your drains going.. maybe and Edge here and there but hurt them in the early and try to get cards stacked.

Well thanks for checking this out if you have any questions you can d-mail me thanks for looking. '