---
layout: post
author: ! Darth Vader "The Dark" Lord of The Sith
title: ! "Big Blue DONE RIGHT - Youre A Slave?"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-28
description: ! 'Usually A First Turn Flip, Big Blue Deck Enchanced By Quite Possibly A Broken Objective, Which Could Possibly Counter WYS.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7)
No Money, No Parts, No Deal / You?re a Slave?
Tatooine Watto?s Junkyard
Tatooine Mos Espa
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order & Secert Plans
Do They Have A Code Clearance

Characters (20)
Watto x4
Darth Maul
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Gragra
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Emporer Palpatine
PS-59
PS-60
Mara Jade, The Emporer’s Hand
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Admiral Piett
Admiral Ozzel
Captain Pelleaon
Commander Merrejek x2

Effect (2)
Kuat Drive Yards
Vader?s Cape

Admiral?s Orders (2)
We?re in Attack Positon
Fighters Coming In

Locations (10)
Kessel
Coruscant
Coruscant Docking Bay
Tatooine
Tatooine Mos Espa Docking Bay
Hoth
Hoth Docking Bay
Bespin
Sullust
Kuat

Starships (15)
Executor
Vengance
Avenger
Chimaraea
Devasator
Dominator
Judicator
Thunderflare
Tyrant
Visage
Conquest
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Bossk in Hound?s Tooth
IG-88 in IG-2000


Interrupts (3)
Vader?s Eye
Empire?s Back
Vader?s Obsession '

Strategy: '

RESPONSE TO REVIEWS I don’t really use Chinerau, Hoth Docking Bay Force Choke. I’ll throw out Sullust though for Endor, I didn’t consider it before. Yes I know I should use Chinerau. Vader?s Cape is for Watto to be a little defended, but instead, I?ll throw in Mandalorian Armor for it. Fine, I know you Chrinerau freaks are still thinking about him, so I?ll make you happy and throw out Bespin for the Admiral. There Happy? Are you satisfied? Jk.

OK, some of my reviews said that the ground was weak, so I threw out the Lightsabers and the Force Lightnings for some more stronger characters like Iggy with Riot Gun to capture some annoying character, Boba Fett with Blaster for shooting down some character, and Gragra as the None Shall Pass for Mos Espa. As stated in my other decks, pull Executor (Mob. Points), Watto to His Junkyard (Junkyard Text). Then deploy a * character down to Espa and flip, pull down some cards and make him lose some Force, then, at some point, put down the free Executor and bluff it so its some ground character and if he pays 2, then you?ll pull out a free Executor Yipee 

	When He?s getting tough if the air, pul down cards to deploy in space, if he refuses, maike him lose 2, then pull down more, he?ll soon let you deploy. Yes, some people don?t like this objective or they don?t like the way I use it, but if used right, You?re A Slave is definately broken. This is one way I think it works and I will play this until I find a weakness, which likely there is none. I think, since alot of people are playing WYS, which is a space/land deck, this deck could be considered somewhat a Dark Side WYS.

	Except there?s no limit to what you can deploy. This deck will counter WYS I believe, and maybe even defeat it. Try it out, I know it works really against any deck, except maybe X-Wing Swarm, which I hate so much, cause They could swarm my deck. Thank you for your reading, as new expansions come out, the more this deck could become more powerful, or maybe even weaker. Thank You for your reviews, I appreicate them. Enjoy and Keep Improving... Decktech.    '