---
layout: post
author: ! David "DavCJ" Jones
title: ! "Huntdown My Way(this is the real one)"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-11-27
description: ! "My deck that has done definently well."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective 
Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi/Their Fire has gone out of the Universe 

Epic Events (3) 
Deep Hatred 
Epic Duel 
Boonta Eve Podrace 

Effects (10) 
Fear Is my Ally 
Visage Of the Emperor(3) 
No Escape 
Battle Order & First strike 
The Phantom Menace(2) 
Watto’s Box 
Security Precautions 

Weapons(3) 
Mara jade’s Lightsaber 
Vader’s Lightsaber 
Maul’s Double Bladed Lightsaber 

Sites(5) 
Imperial Holotable 
Tatooine Marketplace 
Tatooine Podrace Arena 
Executor Meditation Chamber 
Executor Holotheatre 

Ships(2) 
Maul’s Sith Infiltrator(2) 

Podracers 
Sebulba’s Podracer 

Characters(9) 
P-59 
P-60 
Janus Greejatus 
Sim Aloo 
Mara Jade The Emperor’s Hand 
Darth Maul 
Darth Vader With Lightsaber 
Darth Vader Dark Lord of the Sith 
Lord Vader 

Interrupts(26) 
Start Your Engines 
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down 
Hit Racer 
Vader’s Eye 
Nevar Yalnal 
This Is Some Rescue 
Focused Attack 
Imperial Barrier 
Podracer Collision 
Vader’s Obsession(2) 
I Have You Now(2) 
The Circle Is now Complete(2) 
It’s Worse(2) 
Dark Rage(2) 
Masterful Move(3) 
Operational As Planned(4)  
'

Strategy: '

Beginning Of the Game 
You start HDADTJ and all the cards it allows you, then you start podracing and normally Watto’s Box. First couple of turns involves Drawing for cards and podracing. The deck can win the podrace easily in 3 turns, hopefully before your opponent gets a Step backwords in hand. Lose to Visage all game and enforce it. 

Mid-Game 
After the Podrace you should have your objective flipped or Vader on table at least. If Vader is at an Exterior site cautiously Force drain. You don’t want to be hit by lost in the wilderness. Get Maul with his lightsaber or on his ship to stop your opponent. Mara is used to Nevar Yalnal Undercover spies and Kill off key characters where only a spy can go. 

Late Game 
Continue the Force loss. Keep your EPP Vader till the end with a Circle and Vaders Obsession in case your other vaders are killed off and they drop a Luke or Obi-Wan. Otherwise Lategame consists of killing anything that hits table and making the opponent lose to Visage. 

Deck Matchups 
Hidden Base- This match up is suppossed to be deadly for Hunt Down. But if you win the podrace early and setup security precautions you could easily have a 20 card direct damage on them by turn 6. I’ve done it, its not too hard with maul’s ship. 

WYS- This is a bad matchup Hunt Down is wrecked by WYS unless they are a very bad player. But you wanna try and use maul to get rid of their space and celebration. Choke Vader is a nice tool here. 

Lightsaber Combat- This is a good game. Potentially either player can win. But with masterful moves Dark Rage deep hatred and the destiny 7 holograms stacking two seven’s and winning combats isn’t hard. And don’t be afraid to duel Obi Wan but stack and do some big tracking if you wanna duel luke, this is where you wanna use focussed attack. 

Profit- This is almost auto-win but if you get too @#$%y you will lose. Duel Luke and Obi Early and take out people with Choke vader and his stick. Keep han off the table by hitting him with one of your weapons whenever he hits the table. 

This Deck is fun to play and with all the high destinies tracking is not needed so you don’t havta stray from your stratedgy focusing on tracking. 

David Jones 
'