---
layout: post
author: Sam "AgentSD" Diamond
title: 'How I Learned To Stop Worrying and Love The Bomb'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-05-06
description: ! 'A fun TIE Bomber deck.  Meant to be a FUN deck.  The title comes from a Stanley Kubrick film.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
Set Your Course For Alderaan/Balls
Death Star
Death Star Docking Bay
Alderaan
Prepared Defenses
Planetary Subjugation
Mob. Points
Combat Response

Locations (6)
Death Star War Room
Tatooine
Endor
Hoth
Wakeelmui
Kashyyyk

Characters (9)
Admiral Piett
Arica
Captain Jonus
Commander Merrejk
EPP Vader x2
Major Rhymer
U-3PO
Grand Moff Tarkin

Starships (16)
TIE Bomber x6
Schimtar Squadron TIE x3
Schimtar 1
Schimtar 2
Dreadnaught Class Heavy Cruiser x3
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Fett in Slave 1

Interrupts (11)
Twi’lek Advisor x2
Short-Range Fighters x2
TIE Sentry Ships x2
Imperial Command x2
All Power to Weapons x3

Effects (4)
Bombing Run x3
Sienar Fleet Systems 

Admiral’s Orders (2)
Fighter Cover x2

Weapons (4)
Proton Bombs x4 '

Strategy: '

PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE REVIEWING

First off, let me once again say, this is a fun deck.  It might win some games but it’s mainly being posted just because it’s cool and funny and you’ll have a good time with it.  

Anyway, you start the game by pulling Wakeelmi if its not in your starting hand.  Your starting hand should usually have either piett, merrejk, or one of the two imp. commands.  If it doesn’t then you will almost definitely draw one.  You know the drill, imp. command to get piett, piett to get merrejk.  First turn, you pull the death star war room for some more activation.  Merrejk gets your systems for draining, activation, and best of all bombing, but I’ll get to that later. 

Ok, so what you wanna do is set up sienar fleet systems for your retrieval, arica and u3p0 to block drains, use short range fighters and maybe all power to weapons to grab bombers but watch out for grabbers.  Use the Dreadnaughts to power up your bombers while at the systems and to move around the bombers.  Set up most of your bombers at the system related to wherever they are playing.  This is where the fun comes in.  You hook up some of your bombers with proton bombs.  Ok, if they are at interior sites, BOOM, during a force drain, you target the site, draw destiny, if its >4, then the @#$% is blown straight to hell.  With Planetary subjugation you can add up to 5 to every tie bombers destiny so if you draw any of them you blow it up.  Plus there are plenty of other high destinys, you have a good chance of blowing up the site even without tracking.  Ok, what if they are at an exterior site.  Then you play your bombing run.  You go bust them up on the ground.  Fire a proton bomb in one of these battles and any card with the same destiny number that you drew is lost.  So lets say you draw a TIE bomber, you can add UP to 5 so you can add 1, to make the destiny a 1 and nuke all of their mains.  This is cool, but it’s not even essential to killing them on the ground.  The main way to bust them up is with battle damage.  Simply overpower them.  OK each regular TIE bomber is power 3 in a bombing run.  The other bombers are all power 4.  So, you make a run, then you play all power to weapons, making all the ties power +2 and immune to all attrition.  Then, if you have Fighter Cover out, each of your ships that fires a weapon (the proton bomb) in battle is power +3.  So you are looking at some crazy stuff here, especially if you hit with a proton bomb and leave only a few characters left to be killed.  So thats pretty much all that needs to be explained there.  Here is some additional cool tech and card explanations

TIE Sentry Ships Play this when they battle you at a system and deploy TIE bombers from your hand as a react, this can be very cool.  You lay down like one dreadnaught at a system and sit there.  Then they come to kill it and you hit them with this @#$% and they die.  Plus, it’s a destiny 5, used interrupt.

Schimtar 1 I forgot to mention when you successfully collapse a site with this badass your opponent loses one force for each character killed when it happened.  

Fett and Zuckuss  I figured I could use some additional space rather than just TIE bombers and Dreadnaughts.  With these 2 i’ve got enough to take on pretty much anything in space.

No SAC Protection Here on the east side, we don’t worry about SAC.  If you live somewhere where it’s popular just substitute it in for some crap.  

Major Rhymer Prevents opponent’s characters from using landspeed when he is in a bombing run, so they have to fight and die.

Captain Jonus When forfeited about your bomber, covers all remaining attrition and bd.  This is in case they pull some crazy @#$%.

If you still don’t understand some card, d-mail me or check decipher.com.  Here are some strategies against a few decks.

WYS  I hate this objective.  It is blatantly homosexual.  Here’s how you kill it.  They’re sitting around with their gay little palace raiders and all of a sudden the palace raiders look up and they scream "HOLY $HIT, IT’S A F*CKING TIE BOMBER," and then they are blown to $hit.  If they sit in the cantina with luke giving handjobs then you bomb the hell out of the cantina and collapse the ceiling on luke and all his butt buddies.  They sit at kessel draining, you come move in, imp command, zuck in f*ck, and tie’s with dreadnaughts teach him the meaning of pain. 

EBO I’m not sure if you can bomb the interior sites protected by the shield, but I doubt you can, so if you can’t you just set up some bombing runs at the few exterior sites and you fight him in space, most likely hurting him.  

TIGIH So luke is sitting around with a bunch of scouts or ewoks or whatever and they’re all having a good time sitting by the campire in the woods somewhere when all of a sudden "BAAAAAAAH" the s#it hits the fan as a bunch of angry tie bombers come running through and mess them up.  If he stays at the docking bay, then you collapse that $hit.

Anything else Basic strategy, go to related system, collapse interiors, run through exteriors, causing chaos and despair wherever you may roam.  FTW  

So, that’s the deck.  It’s really fun.  You blow stuff up.  Rate it accordingly. '