---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "MadSkills84" Pistone
title: ! "Madskills’ QMC"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-06-29
description: ! 'Ok well looking at most other QMC decks out there, I realized they got burned bad by heavy SAC decks.  So I thought, why not fight fire with fire.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting 7
Quiet Mining Colony
Bespin
Cloud City Guest Quarters
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Squadron Assignments
Keeping The Empire Out Forever
Your Insight Serves You Well

Locations 4
Cloud City North Corridor
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City West Gallery
Bespin Cloud City

Characters 18
2x Luke Skywalker Jedi Knight
2x Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Captain Han Solo
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
2x Leia With Blaster Rifle
2x Lando With Blaster Pistol
Dash Rendar
Bren Quersey
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Elyhek Rue
Tawss Khaa
Melas
Pucimyr Thryss
Harc Seff

Starships 5
Millennium Falcon
Outrider
Red Squadron 1
Red 7
Red 8

Weapons 2
Anakin’s Lightsaber
X-Wing Laser Cannon

Admirals Orders 1
I’ll Take The Leader

Interrupts 19
4x Sense
2x Alter
2x It’s A Trap
2x Rebel Barrier
2x Path Of Least Resistance
Off The Edge
Shocking Information & Grimtaash
Sorry About The Mess
Weapon Levitation
2x Nabrun Leids
Smoke Screen

Effects 4
Aim high
Cloud City Celebration
Battle Plan
Menace Fades
'

Strategy: '

In Response to Reviews

SithRage  Again you miss the point and didn’t think before your review.  If you thought QMC sucked so much why were you playing it?  Eleyek Rue and Bren Quersey are better because they add destinies to power and the xwing cannon deploys cheaper.  Alos eleyek’s ship has higher destiny. That’s great that you would use 1 qui-gon, i’m not because he sucks balls for this deck cuz he deploys for 8, that’s why i use jedi luke who although deploying for the same is better with a destiny 6.  Tell me, what are all these decks that run IAO, Nabrun was working fine for me at my last tournament, which oh yeah you didn’t go to so what do you know.  A Jedi’s Resilience is an alright choice I guess, I just couldn’t figure out what to change for it.

Steebo  Maybe you could tell me why it sucks, instead of just saying it does.

Vador An explanation in the review might be nice.


Alright so this is my take on the QMC deck.  The abitlity to do tunnel visions every turn is totally nasty and makes for some really huge turns.  Combined with Sense/Alter, you always have one or both when you need them.  Although I’m packing less Senses and Alters than most the ability to take them out of the force pile so I have them for use makes up for it.  Always do the same start because it is the best.  I’ll go into explanations of cards.

Cloud City West Gallery  At a quick glance you may debate over playing this card, because if you can control it, you can cancel one of their drains at a related site, but if they control it they can cancel one of yours.  But when you read your objective and remember they can’t modify or cancel your drains then you go......ok well this site is a keeper.

Jedi Luke He’s destiny 6, I know some perfer the EPP Version for this deck, but I still like the strength and versatility of this character.

2x Lando w/ gun Adding destinies is great.

Wedge and his pals Allows use of xwing cannon, goes well with squadron assignments, i’ll take the leader, add destinies to power, cancel a destiny of theirs if wedge in the battle, just good stuff.

Pucimyr Thryss Good to beef up those meager cloud city drains.

Hard Seff = GOD

Xwing Cannon So needed for control of the system.

Senses and Alters Just so good.

It’s a Trap Cancels sniper and also saves your @#$% early.

Barrier Allows for beatdowns.

Path Run away or add to beatdowns.

Shocking/Grimtaash People like to draw lots of cards, make them pay for it.

Sorry About The Mess I play this over combo because I like the destiny.

Nabrun Leids SO HUGE.  IAO is played by few and far between, and you can pull nabrun’s out of your force pile and just beat the hell out of stuff.  It’s good.

Smoke Screen I just like this card a lot, if your destinies are bad you can use this, you can pull this for something else though easy.

Aim High Just a good card.

Cloud City Celebration Well I play Bespin, Cloud City Sites, Starships, and I stay on Cloud City. HMM I wonder why I play this card........





'