---
layout: post
author: ! Robert "Sparky" Parker
title: ! "It’s your deck  Profit from it"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-15
description: ! "This deck starts fasts, deals out damage, and has never lost a podrace.  Did I mention that it is an activation engine as well?"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting 9
YCEPBT/OBD
Jabba’s Palace
Audience Chamber
Han Solo
PP
Podrace Arena
Ani’s Racer
Boonta Eve Podrace
Strike Planning

Locations 4
T Mos Espa
T Cantina
T City Outskirts
T Mos Eisely

Characters 21
Qui-Gon Jinn x3
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x2
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
General Solo
Leia With Blaster Rifle x2
Lando With Ax
Obi-Wan Kenobi, Padawan Learner
General Madine
Corran Horn
Tawss Khaa
Jar Jar
Artoo
Padme Naberrie
Geezum
Caldera Righim
Harc Seff

Effects 7
A Gift
Goo Nee Tay
POAS
Mantellian Savrip
What Was It?
The Camp
Uncontrollable Fury

Interrupts 16
A Step Backward x4
Rebel Barrier x2
Nabrun Leids x2
Control/Tunnel Vision x2
Jedi Levitation
Noble Sacrifice
It Could Be Worse
OOC/TT
Somersault
Weapon Levitation

Weapons 2
Anakin’s Saber
Qui-Gon’s Saber

Epic Events 1
I Did It '

Strategy: '

***Sorry, take out POAS for HOTJedi***

I have been searching for a way to get around the problem of low activation in a profit deck for a while now, and thanks partly to the great idea of Peter "Jeeps" Jacobson, a TD in my home state of MN, I’ve found it.  This deck gets set up fast from increased force, is able to deal damage, and retrieve well.  

As I said in my description, I’ve never lost a podrace with this deck.  It has 21 destinys of 4 or higher, more than 40% of my deck after my starting stuff is taken out.  The four A Step Backwards only help matters.  I included I Did It because it was an extra four force back and the manipulation of the opponent’s force saving capibilities was helpful even though I didn’t have the steady 1 force a turn retrieval.  

The first thing you do is start the podrace during your opponent’s first turn.  In some cases it actually helps to have them start Sebulba’s pod since you will be drawing 3 destinys (being able to choose 2) almost the whole way.  Actually, the "Very" first thing you do, after thinking about it, is pull Crix before you activate.  Most of the time you will hold him and maybe draw one or two on your first turn.  Second turn, deploy Crix, take Geezum or Chewie (Chewie is choice 1) and deploy either of them to Crix’s site.  Also, deploy what characters you have to your sites.  If they started two aliens, wait for a sizable force and move over to the AC, or just Naburn and kick the snot out of them.  You don’t want to wait until they’re totally set up before you flip, because that might be too late.  If you can’t retrieve all ten, your other retrieval will still work and you will get an earlier start on Direct Damage and draining.

The three *cards are really tech that I can’t believe people don’t use as often.  The Crix/Geezum strategy really boosts activation, Caldera is a total pain in the A$$ except with Darth Maul, and really helps against big drain decks.  Finally, Harc Seff is a a pain in the A$$ times 2.  I’ve canceled as much as a total force drain of 7 with this guy, three and four at the two different sites.  He is really an equalizer.  The Artoo/A Gift combo is helpful but not crucial. 

This deck is solid and works very well, try it and see

Questions and advice is very welcome  '