---
layout: post
author: ! Jeremy "JerUNH" Oakes
title: ! "RTP - Wurkt Fer Mi"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-02
description: ! 'A Playable Version of Rescue The Princess'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Rescue The Princess/Sometimes I Amaze Even Myself

Locations (4)
Death Star Detention Block Corridor
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Yavin 4 Docking Bay
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room

Characters (20)
8D8  x4
BoShek
Corran Horn  x2
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout
Luke With Lightsaber  x2
Melas
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x3
Orrimaarko
Prisoner 2187  x2
WED-9-M1 ’Bantha’ Droid

Vehicles (4)
Lift Tube  x2
Ronto  x2

Starships (2)
Lando In Millennium Falcon  x2

Interrupts (20)
Fallen Portal  x3
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Lift Tube Escape  x2
Lost In The Wilderness
Narrow Escape  x3
Out Of Commission & Transmission Terminated  x3
Punch It  x2
Strangle
The Signal  x2
Warrior’s Courage  x2

Effects (9)
Bacta Tank
Battle Plan
Death Star Plans  x3
Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice
Echo Base Garrison
Staging Areas
Traffic Control
'

Strategy: '

 
Strategy
  This deck is a version of RTP that originated from a version of Dalantyr’s RTP. I’ve added a few KEY cards.


  First Things First. Starting Effects --
     I always start with DODN/WA and Staging Areas. Against Certain Deck You may Want to start Battle PLan but I found that you may not want to start it in most games cause it hurts more than it helps sometimes. So Be careful


  Next, Basic Startegy --
     If you can get all th cards on the table it is possible to do a 1 turn rescue from the Death Star all the way over top the Yavin IV War Rooom. You start Make sure you do all your docking bay transport on Rontos and then move on the death star with Lift tubes and then use regular movement to walk over to the War Room. Once You’ve Flipped you may want to walk over to the Docking bay for Added Drain potential and for Battling Fun. With Your high Detsiny avg in this deck you should have NO problem releasing Leia on your first try with 8D8 (He is your ONLY method of releasing Her).


  Next, Card Combos --
     When Battling try to perform this only as Hit and Run tactics or as Protect the Docking Bay Tactics. For example you can use Obi w/Saber anywhere for a quick beatdown. Slice&Dice and then give them High Battle Destiny where they MUST lose their cards cause they are no longer immune to attrition. YeHA Or you can sit at docking bays with Leia/Han/Luke/Obi and wait for the oppoennet to come and get you. You have PLENTY of cards that will help you out here. First we have Fallen Portal - Us ethis to get rid of any pesky characters there. I usually try to get rid of Guri or IG-88 w/ Blaster ASAP so they don’t capture me or limit my destiny draws.hey do come down with Iggy and you have a narrow escape in hand this may be a very useful card to run away (just make sure you always save force) Another favorite COmbo of mine is to Use Fallen Portal and then use Narrow Escape to run away.

     Another combo is to use Lando in Falcon in Space with Punch it. But what makes this combo better is when you put one of yorupilots on board for an extra added ability so you can draw 3 Destiny. Here you have to be careful of Lateral Damage. If somebody gets this off against you it will probably be game. So be prepared. DON’T Go into space until you get your bantha droid out at one of your docking bays He is pullable with Echo base Garrison too. Dont’t forget about Imperial COmmand too. That can be a drag.

     Another COmbo is to use Lift Tube escape on the Death Star. I will usually sit here and play if my oppponent has Blast The Door COntrols out Cause that Canncels Narrow Escape and I may not be ready for battles. (Always be Prepared)

     My favorite COmbo is to Leave Leia w/Gun Alone at a dockingbay and Use Fallen Portal & then use Warriors Courage for 3 Destiny and several OOP Characters If they Kill Leia.. Oh Well.. You got 2 more that you can plop down next turn and flip again

     Then there are the basics - Such as Bacta tank for saving your Boys And Death STar Plans fo Retrieving Once 8D8 is outan dyou have all yoru LiftTubes/Rontos set up ayou canalso do a 1 Turn Death Star Plans. Jsut be sure youhave enogh Froce Saved if your opponent is playing Secret Plans. It can get VERY expensive

     Lost In The Wilderness is Another GREAT card for this deck cause teh Destiny Avg is SO High Against a Huntdown Deck taht Sits and Waits for you... See ya later Vader



  Finally, the Matchups --
    This deck is basically all around suited almost all types of decks Its beaten BHBM, Huntdown, Rumors, and even MKOS(Non-Swarm)

    Its basically the same against Every Deck, You want to Flip ASAP and start to Interact with your opponent so you can make as many of his cards OOP as possible. That is the Key to the whole deck. THen use You characters to drain at the best sites possible. Dont be afraid to leave your characters alone at a site...

'