---
layout: post
author: ! Bryan "Da_StRiKe" West
title: ! 'Revenge of the 24 Nerds NO R3'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-10-21
description: ! 'I thought it would be nice to tweak a deck that would still stand a chance for the Reflections III war, without packing Reflection III itself.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
My Kind of Scum / Fearless and Inventive

Location (5)
Tatooine Desert Landing Site
Tatooine Desert Heart (starting)
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace (starting)
Jabba’s Palace Lower Passages
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber

Character (24)
Lord Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith
Darth Maul x2
Darth Maul, Young Apprentice
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Jabba
Jabba The Hutt
Bib Fortuna
Boelo
Prince Xizor
P-59
P-60
Chall Bekan
Gailid
Pote Snitkin x3
Skrilling x6

Weapon (4)
Vader’s Lightsaber
Maul’s Lightsiber x2
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

Starship (1)
Maul’s Sith Infiltrator

Interrupt (13)
Hutt Smooch
Ghhhk & Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us
Sniper & Dark Strike
You Are Beaten
Prepared Defense (starting)
Twi’lek Advisor x2
Abyssin Ornament x2
Maul Strikes x2
Masterful Move
Jabba’s Twerps

Effect (11)
There Is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement (starting)
Reactor Terminal
No Bargin (starting)
Power Of The Hutt (starting)
Secret Plans
His Name Is Anakin
Imperial Arrest Order
Something Special Planned For Them
Disarmed
The Phantom Menace x2

Podracer (1)
Sebulba’s Podracer '

Strategy: '

 SCUM AND VILlANY WAS SCRAPPED TO KEEP STRONGER CHARACTERS 

 DECK EDIT 

Jabba The Hutt for Mighty Jabba - Harder to kill and adds another destiny.

Imperial Arrest Order and Secret Plans for IAO/SP combo. Takes down one card. Add in Zuckuss in Mist Hunter (more space SWEET)

Hutt Smooch for Hutt Smooch / Defensive Fire Combo. Defensive fire can be used if not playin spies.

 End Deck Edit 

61st Card - Security Precautions (for the popular regions with HB in it.)

Basic Strategy -After making a couple alterations to this deck, this deck is just so freaking pro. (at least its been winning for me.) 
I’ve played many people with this deck and it has yet to lose. It is kept simple, and not to card heavy, so anyone can play it. As you 
can see the Rep is Pote Snitkin. The reason of him being my alien Rep was because he had a good destiny and the non-unique skrillings 
are also high on the destiny charts. The main start most of the time is Desert Heart and Jabba’s Palace. I like to use Jabba’s Palaces 
game text to pull out those two extra zeros out of me deck, and leave 1, but if I could pull that one I would. The ones in the deck are 
kept under 15, (minus the ones you can pull.) just for the fact you wont draw to many of them. I didn’t want to lose power by playing Scum 
and Villainy, since that rips out Vader and Maul mainly, and they are a couple of good power houses to have around in bad situations. But 
mainly with this you flip and raid your opponent.

Dis vs Dat (local decks only)

Reflections III - (We’ll Handle This / Duel of the Fates) This one of the reasons why I like to pack so many Dark Jedi in this deck. More then likely while you are at the interior site with one of there Jedi, they will iniate a duel against you, fun fun. More then likely they’ll be playing the card were you can stack cards under them. This maybe thrown into there favor, since you wont be using it. But never fear This deck has a good amount of high destiny were can stand a chance, there are the 2 7’s, 3 6’2, and a load of 5’s. Or another way of solving this problem is to just run at them during your turn, iniate the battle, and try to take down as many of them as possible. 
(That is all on that for right now. More will come up when I think of inventive way to keep the new R3 decks in check.)

Hidden Base - Dead No one plays it anymore (at least in my area.) I have maid recent changes so this deck can actually mess with the opponenet in space. If its a flip then of course hunt out there hidden base. Most HB decks only play 5-6 planets, so with in a couple of turns you should be able to sniff it out, and take it down. Re-group Bossk and Zuckuss, if you like you can also with maul, but he can handle himself pritty well. Other then that, I would avoid battles at all cost. Also if your region is popular with HB then use Security Precautions. Keeps you alive that much longer.

Profit - Switch up the start from Tatooine Jabba’s Palace to Jabba’s Palace Lower Passage, just for the sake of not losing any
starting force for you. Your two starting aliens should be Xizor and Mara Jade. This is a good combo, since you can get Mara’s
Saber and the need 6 or more to draw destiny at the site. Try to hold the site for as long as possible, using the big guns.
One of two things will happen during the game A) they give up (not to likely) or B) the keep bringing it. Don’t convert the
Chamber, so you can use the game text to keep your leaders alive and well. This will be a close match.

Blow Up The Bunker - Swarm the bunker and hold it, this will be a fat battling going on, but since you have so many more 
characters then them, it wont be bad, since they’ll be more likely to lose theirs first. And remember to keep retreaving 
those Skrillings, so they can keep coming back for more. Also you can use Maul’s stuff to duel out there Jedi, to leave there
weaker more cheesier characters around.

There really isn’t to many different styles of decks in my area at this point. So when they come up with new ones, I’ll bring
up the strategies for those as well.

Also can I get the names of other counters against LS. I want to have this deck work against as many decks as possible. Thanks

~I’ll take Famous Titties for $800 That is ”Famous Titles” DAMN~ SNL  

`What sound does a dog make? Sean Connery ”MOO” No that is in correct, we would have excepted either bark or rough. ”Yeah that is the way your mother likes it.” That is uncalled for~ SNL featuring Sean Connery (The Day is Mine)      '