---
layout: post
author: ! Geoff "Loaf" Gallo-Cornell
title: ! "Gay A$$ Jank"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-04
description: ! "Contrary to popular belief, building the DSII does NOT suck. Well, not as much as you might believe anyway."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting5
Endor
Operational As Planned for
DSII
Jerjerrod
Desperate Counter


Locations10
All Three DSII Sectors
DSII Dbay
Wakeelmui
Tatooine x2
Lars Farm
Tat Dbay
Mos Epsa

Characters12
Maul x2
Merc Pilot x2
dvdlots x3

Ships10
scythe squad tie x2
dread x2
empys shield x2
empys sword x2
racing skiff x2

Weapons3
Mauls Saber
Vaders Saber
Cheapo TIE Guns 

Epic Events1
That Things Operational

Interrupts11
Evader/Monnok
Twilek x2
All Power To Weapons x2
Roll/Dark Manuevers x3
Force Field (tech)
I Have You Now (tech)
Force Lightning
Racer Collision

Effects7
IAO
No Escape
Crush 
We Shall Double Our Efforts
Sienar Fleet Systems
His Name Is Anakin
Sebulba’s Racer







'

Strategy: '

response to reviews
strike planning isnt that bad. on no, one more turn to set up, boo hoo. this deck is already faster than alot of the LS decks out there, minus maybe wys, but how many wys’ play strike planning. there was no need to give the deck 2 stars because of that, there are much worse decks on decktech, and you just cant know the power of this unless you play against it (when its in the hands of a competant player). And the space isnt there to hold a system, you damn sht for brains, its to keep them from blowing up the death star, and it does a damn good job. dont forget that you add a battle destiny at DSII and tatooine when you orbit it. did i ever say i was trying to use it to hold down space? no. tatooine is only in here so i can orbit it and cause mad damage. maybe you guys should take half a second to think before reviewing a deck. 2 less force doesnt hurt this beast at all. against decks like RST and WYS you are getting lots of force from turn 1-2, so just deal with it.
--end review response--

update crap, i forget palpy x2, tarkin, xizor, 4lom. sorry, i forgot to put them in, but there is room. count, i have 12 characters numbered but didnt put in all 12 in the list. also, there are 12 interrupts, not 11, that makes 60. theremy bad.
sorry
end update

Ok, first, dont just dismiss this deck because it looks like a pile, and is the DSII deck. We all previously dismisse AOBS because it was jank, and Pat’s deck looks like a pile, but its a winner. 

Ok, now how do you play this POS?

Well, it gets mad early activation. First turn drop DSII (in hand from interrupt) and desperate counter. grab IAO with desperate counter, get the DSII dbay (or tat if dsii is activated by some wierd chance) with IAO and drop Jerjerrod to DSII (but not tat unless you like losing the game) dbay and grab a sector. you probably already have one in your hand, sometimes you get two and have a first turn DSII, but usually its 2-3 turns to set up. If they are playing space, dont drop TTO until you have a tie w/gun or double efforts in hand. If they arent playing heavy space, drop TTO as soon as possible, and move over to tat, or if that isnt out yet, their system and just make them lose 3 a turn until you get out tat and a site or 2, and drain there and make them lose mad direct damage. Keep a dark jedi (maul, vader, palpy, obviously) at each tat site, that leave you open to play i have you now, which is easily retrieved with no escape or a tie, and is easily grabbed with crush, which is easily grabbed with twilek, which there are two of. see the chain? maul is espcially tech, as he can get 2-3 destinys in each battle. they have to have ability 4 to battle, and its likely to be orrimaarko, leia + han, luke, obi, etc, and that is just prime bait for i have you now. with the tat sites all out, TTO in effect and sabers and all, you can have a total of 12 in drains and damage. pretty good, eh? granted that doesnt happen every game, you still get a good portion of that into effect, even if it is late game.

Card Choices
tat sites-  drain -1 at espa for them, +1 for me at farm, and dbay is pullable.

DSII in general- early activation, good direct damage, decent drain potential.

I have you now/force field- 3 good, flexible targets, and very useful cards in general

Rolls and APTW- ties are good retrieval, and the rolls are deadly.. yes i know you cant roll at the DSII, im not an idiot

bulbas racer- it is possible to win with him, hes that damn good

his name is anakin- deploy +2 for his unique aliens +4 for nonuniques.. take that palace raiders

ties- good retrieval and protect the DSII well

racing skiff and merc pilots- extra destinys are always good

TIE guns- make it impossible to blow that thing up.

4lom- kills jedi dead. no more immunity for you qui gon

Maul- if you need to know this please dont review this. buy a tack hammer. beat yourself with it.

dvdlots- kick ass.. when end of a reign doesnt suck

xizor- stops cheese with those guys sitting for ”lone XXXXX” cards.. ha. and hes just that good


Matchups
Profit- tough, since they are on tatooine. dont start anyone, cause xizor will just get beatdown on. if they are racing, sebulba should be good, but dont rely on him just get TTO in effect, and try to stop his drains. luke is dead against maul, so are qui gon and ben.

RST- get set up ASAP. you probably wont get 2 force for endor since they will probably start the general cards, so deal with it. wont hurt you that bad. this is a tough matchup, and i never played it so i cant really tell ya. play by ear.


Other stuff- play by ear. its all good, so just make em lose to TTO fast and early.

gotta run, avs game is coming on. GO AVS

--Geoff ”Loaf” Gallo-Cornell
'