---
author: John "dashrendar" Hawkins
title: 'Yuck!  Wookie breath...  AKA speed deal.'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-24
description: 'This is the speed deal deck that I made even before Tatoine came out.  We Oregon players showed it to some of our Washington buddies and at the DPC we wrecked people with it.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Here is the deck I have been getting many requests to see.  This is the exact way it was built at the DPC but I had three disturbance in the force and now I took one out to put in another tactical support.  

Starting Stuff (7) (always the same against any deck)

This deal is getting worse all the time.

Cloud City: Casino

Prepared Defenses

Secret Plans
I’m Sorry
Imperial Arrest Order
You Cannot Hide Forever

Other locations (5) (all can be searched for)

Cloud City: Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City: Chasm Walkway
Cloud City: East Platform (docking bay)
Bespin:  Cloud City
Bespin

Effects (8) (not much defence here since the deck wins in like five turns)

Dark Deal x3 (I like to get it in play first turn if possible)
Cloud City Occupation (this is huge)
No Escape (No one should ever play without it!)
Search and Destroy (I put this in play first turn!)
A disturbance in the force x2 (the card they had to errata because of this deck!)

Interupts (22)

Tactical Support x4
Trooper Assault x2
Imperial Supply x4
Control / Set for Stun x2
Shocking Revolution (the best card in the deck!!!)
I’d just as soon kiss a wookie x4
Sence / Uncertain is the future x3
Projective Telepathy x2

Characters (12)

Darth Vader with Lightsaber x2
Prince Xizor
Sergeant Irol
Corporal Drelosyn
Sergeant Barich
Trooper Jerrol Blendon
Trooper Davin Felth
Navy Trooper Fenson
Sergeant Elsek
Corporal Avarik
Tempest Scout 6 (not a character but huge in a deck where they have to battle you or loose)

Starships (6)

Obsidian 7 x2
Obsidian 8 x2
Vader’s Personal Shuttle
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter



Strategy: 

--------Just wanted to say thank you to all of you who have left nice reviews and comments about this deck.  It is looking like with few changes this will still be a major deck type to watch out for even after Coruscant!  You can keep your self up on the game better than ever before by loging on to ccgHookup.com the most reliable source of star wars singles on the net.  In fact this deck will soon be available for purchase (fully constructed, with deck protectors, and the objective card signed by the designer) at ccgHookup.com!  There you will find some of the lowest prices anywhere on boxes, sets and singles.  Preorder Coruscant before supplies run out!---------------


...Some people have mentioned that the deck would loose to SAC or to menace fades.  It doesn’t.  And I wait to deploy the sector ’till I have the ship to go with it and can put out the dark deal.  So that means that first turn My opponent will have to take hold of two of my ground sites if they don’t want me to get the deal going.  And that is not possible unless they do it with little guys and I’ll kill them with a trooper beatdown of like 25 power!  And some have wondered why I still have the disturbance card listed here.  Well it only has to come up once to be a game winning card.  The errata did nothing to hurt the card.  It just makes it so you can’t lock your opponent down all game with the lightside version of the deck...


So the strategy should be simple.  Just put out stuff fast and play the wookie kisser to slow down your opponent.  Put the disturbance into their deck and pop it with an uncertain is the future.  The best card as I mentioned is the shocking since you can use it to slow down a mess deck and to track for a third turn set for stun or big battle.  Since there is plenty of activation and the fast deployment and card searching thin the deck out quickly you can often track the shocking by your second turn and that will let you stun a character they deployed their first turn.  But not an ability 5 or higher that’s fine since the wookie kissers should take care of that.  This deck could be built for like $20 and could be played by any little kid.  Who says you have to have all the expensive stuff to play the game.  This deck should be an auto win against ebo, mwyhl, an average speed hidden base, the sorry about the mess deck or any other twix site deck that doesn’t go first and is trying to ’set things up’!  The whole point of a deck like this is that since you get in play fast you don’t have to worry about who or what you are playing against since they will spend all their energy reacting to you.  Keep in mind that the card that kissed the wookie will usualy get shuffled back into the deck with the uncertain future.  I built the deck to make a point that I’m sorry should have also excluded the wookie kisser and I hope I have convinced the playtesters that they made a mistake with I’m sorry.

If you have any questions about the deck just let me know with a quick email.  Trust me it looks like a pile of nothing but wins in like ten minutes or less...

John    