---
layout: post
author: ! Jason "Qui" Keen
title: ! "Prince Xizor’s Docking Bay Transitfest"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-21
description: ! "This is a deck that was mention on one of Brian Hunters last Tourny Report.  I have been playing it a bit and although it hasn’t been undefeated it has proven itself a good deck to me . . . so this is my revised version of Agents of Black Sun."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Purple Card
Agents of Black Sun

Locations
Coruscant
Coruscant Imperial City
Coruscant DB
Rendili
DSI DB
Endor DB

Peeps
Prince Xizor x2
Emperor Palpatine x2
Boba Fett w/ @#$% Slap x2
Jodo Kast x2
4Lom w/ Big Shtick x2
Guri x2
Vigo x2
Iggy w/ @#$% Slap 
Bane Malar
Dengar w/ Multi Slap
Snoova
Labria

Interrupt
Imperial Barrier x2
Hidden @#$% Slap x2
Control Combo x3
Evader Monnok
Ghhk Combo
Prepared Defenses
Oota Goota Solo
Twi-lek Advisor
Shut Him Up OR Shut him down
Young Fool
Main Course
Masterful Move
Sense Combo
Force Lightning
Put All sections on Alert
Limited Resources
Defensive Fire Combo

Effects
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
You Cannot Hide Forever
No Escape
Battle Order
Secret Plans
Search and Destroy
There’ll Be Hell To Pay

Ships
Dengar In 
Bossk In
Zuckass In
Stinger

Weapon
Vibro Ax '

Strategy: '

Editorial
I have put in Point Man, this is the deck that I made recently and played it, of course I have made changes since but I havn’t marked that.  One thing I’m really trying to find if there is a way to actually do something about retreival, other that Secret Plans, which really dosn’t bother Hidden Mains in Late Game Anyways.  This Deck tends to go up against Hidden Mains, seeing that Brian, Van and other Tatooine crew also play that engine . . . Including my self.  The LS retrieval is the one thing that this deck hates, and can’t deal with (

Enough for now
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

This is the second time I have posted this deck, this is pretty much in response to Brian’s Hilarious Tourny Report, you should check it out.  anyways I have had this deck for a few weeks and I have determined it is kinda good, despite what critics of Agents of Black Sun may say.  

The Start
Agents
Coruscant 
Imperial City
Xizor
Prepared D
Mob Points
IAO
Effect Whatever

Ok the nice part about this deck is that it starts With good force on the second turn like BHBM.  First turn grab Coruscant DB and Rendili, move Xizor over draw up.  Second turn I should have 9 force activated, and usually 11 cause they are playing Hidden mains P  Anyways with that 11 force and the 11 cards i have had to draw from there should be some good support characters for Xizor so on second turn get out a Battle Ground DB and Play a mandelorian or Guri and Set up Shop at a DB, Flip to 7 side.

Once this side is up, you can begin to control your destiny, including cards you draw, with this you can look for Palpy and set up at another DB with the Other Madelorian, this of course is key.  Basically you will have 2 Beat Crews at each DB with a guy that can Hidden Weapons Luke when he pops his Ugly Mug up on the Board.  The is to either have Luke in your Possesion or not even in the equation a la Young Fool.  If you can keep your DBs clean of the Son of Skywalker and your objective flipped, your opponent will not like, between the ideal drain of 4 and the Vengeance loss of 2 your opponent will be in a world of pain, and if you did a really good job, deploy Search and Destroy and make em lose more.

Why I chose some cards
Control Set For Stun, I love this card, set for stun makes my Space Strong, in a weak @#$% space deck, if you have been tracking well with you Objective Set For Stun will Ruin the Super Falcons Day.

Oota Goota Kessel run Tech, not really necessary but

Shut Him Up John Arent Tech, tm.

Young Fool Ah yes as the card states, if Luke comes After Palpy they are a Fool, this will usually mean game if Luke is not in the Equation.

Main Course Again Falcon and John Arent Tech tm

A sense Stops the occasional Fallen Portal and On the Edge P

Labria one of the 2 Black Sun spies

Well thats pretty much the deck, D Mail with questions, thanks for the look over.

'