---
layout: post
author: ! William "FredDurst100" Diniega
title: ! "WYS Racing aka The Hostess’ Cup Cake"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-10-13
description: ! 'A WYS racing deck that uses I Did It to it’s full advantage.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Watch Your Step/Dont step on the cupcake

Locations (6)
Tatooine (premiere)
TatooineCantina
TatooineDocking Bay 94
TatooinePodrace Arena
Home OneDocking Bay
Kessel

Wierd Sht
Boonta Eve Podrace
I Did It
Anakin’s Pod
I’ll Take The Leader

Effects (6)
Insurrection/Aim High
Goo Nee Tay
Your insight serves well/staging areas
battle plan/draw their fire
squadron assignments
menace fades

Characters (14)
Luke, Jedi Knight x3
Han with heavy blaster x3
Melas x2
Dash rendar
wedge antilles
chewie, protector
lando with gun
theron nett
phylo gandish

Starships (4)
outrider
millenium falcon
red squadron 1
red 10

Weapons (2)
luke’s lightsaber
x wing laser cannon

Interrupts (23)
Podrace prep
control/tunnel vision
out of commision/transmission terminated
on the edge x2
run luke run x2
dont get @#$%y x2
ive got a bad feeling about this x2
all wings report in/darklighter spin x2
bith shuffle/desperate reach x2
we wish to board at once x3
a step backward x3
too close for comfort x2
'

Strategy: '

Well, the basic thing the deck does is....win the race, get i did it out, and attempt to hit them with the luke han beatdown whent hey dont save force because of i did it. You have draw thier fire out so they cant ghhhk it. Thats what it is supposed to do. In space you want to keep the ships together, probably around kessel for the big drain, get the admirals order out, then u will never lose them, usually. There are 26 5s or 6s in the deck, so the destiny is very good. The biggest problem is tatooine maul, the only ability 4 or greater characters are luke, melas, and phylo, hence the 3 lukes, 2 melas, and the phylo. if u dont get them out, maul will basically keep u unflipped.other wise, just keep beating down with 2 smugglers while you are flipped, it always works. with the destiny in here, u usually kill 2 of their characters per battle. Its a very basic deck, win the race, then control the rest of the game. Now, i guess some match ups.


vs. Hunt Down 
If it’s racing, u will always win the race, you can pull all ur racing interrupts with we wish to board at once, and play them out of your lost puile when u flip. If they start the box, they are usually killing themselves, adn there are run luke runs to cancel dueling, but if ur confident you can win with the high destinies, go for it.

vs. watto
i havent played against a watto deck, but basically win the race, then beatdown someone with han and luke using ive got a bad feeling about this. I think that is how u should win it. try and hold the tatooine system so they dont get occupation out, that with the watto damage...SUCKS. thats how i would play against it.

vs. senate
this could be hard, the edcel bar cene guy keeps you from drawing more than one battle destinies at sites. my strategy would be too hold kessel and the cantina. and just drain them at those for like 5, 6 if u get lukes stick out. the xwing cannon takes care of zuckuss, ur immunity is good, and then dash in outrider to subtract if they get something big out.

vs. scum
i havent seen one of these in awhile, but i would win the race, then go beat them down with luke and han, that’s what i would do.

vs. bring him before me
this could be tough, but win the race, and hope u can beat someone down with han and luke without vader grabbing him. or send the smugglers after vader if he grabs him, and kill him with attrition because of the 2 destinies u get. then get luke back and go back to draining, then repeat if it happens again. i think it should work.


well, thats all that i see nowadays, so i hope that it is enough strat to explain how to work the deck. have fun.


William Diniega '