---
author: Haakon ".prototype." Geburtstag
title: 'Turbo Flagship BHBM'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-11-19
description: 'using accelerate to setup at loco speed, this deck establishes home ground advantage.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

start:8
BHBM
your daddy
insignificant rebellion
colo clawfish
crush
you cant hide forever
ds2:throneroom
prep def

locations:3
holotable
blockade bridge
blockade hallway (emblazon this site upon the table in letters of fire)

characters:18
expensive palpatine x3
EPP maul x3
EPP vader x2
janus x3 (musthave)
iggy with gun
marajade x2
sim shady
dannik y2j
upkeep boba
4lom

effects:9
visage of the emperor x2
phantom menace x3
s&m
no escape (from s&m)
blast door control
disarmed

weapons:1
mara stick

interrupts:19
masterful move x2
combo move
holonet trans x2
blowjob parried
you are beaten down x2
we must accelerate our flagship x4
maul strikes x2
i have you now x2
foil force lightning x3
combo evader



Strategy: 

um...okay. some of you are thinking ’WTF?!?!’
lets have a look at that site:

LIGHT (1): your jedi are deploy +2 here.

okay. with this in mind, you wont expect a cheap beatdown happening here. if it does, you have i have you now and sim shady to stack a card on insignificant rebellion.

DARK (1): if you occupy, forcegen +1 here and opponents characters may not move from here.

how good is that, not only are buff characters deploy +2, but they cant run away to the blockade bridge. the generation doesnt hurt either, since its gen 3 with the emperor parked there. it is a very safe haven, and if they DO come after you (which they should, cause they’re too dumb to appreciate how good turbo flagship is), you will win and stack cards galore cause of IHUN, Crush and the 7 you stacked on Clawfish (you DID stack a 7 right?) . herein lies the strength of turbo flagship. quick generation, instant battleground with immunity from projection, homeground advantages. hope you appreciate the site now.

start:
1> get an accelerate as quick as possible. 4 should be enough to pull one in the opening hand.
2> play accelerate for the blockade hallway, deploy emperor from reserve there, add janus and stir slowly.
3> use subsequent accel and masterfuls to fish blockade bridge and holotable, establishing your solid generation platform.

from here on in, its however you wanna play. standard BHBM beatdown. a bg with drain 2 is yours, you have the force to attack with suicidal assaults, use You Are Beaten (With A Big Stick) to remove choice morsels, and use Y2J to permanently deal with whoever’s left over. i dunno. just drain, and for gods sake let them make the first move. 

matchups: 
duel of the fates: okay. you cant drain at the hallway. big whoop. you can still duel away and dannik OOP jedi. use clawfish to stack a 7, if they leave a lone jedi or something, play iggy and capture him. mwhahahahahahahahaha! phantom menace should see play here, as it makes EPP maul immune. come to think of it, this deck is specifically meta-ed against duel of the fates.

hidden mains: let them make the first move...and then you will have revenge..oh yes! 

hidden space: crap. this time, you make the first move. do as much as you can before you die. errk.

im not sure bout the rest.

issues i’d like addressed:
1> conduct your search + endor backdoor. worth it for another battleground? im afraid of lost in the wilderness...
2> bounty hunter ships? im concerned about space, but i figure its better to concentrate on my own game plan than hamper the opponent.
3> 3 foil force lightning isnt worth it. its just my signature, along with 3x janus. there are cards which should go in. recommendations plz.
4> 1x elis helrot...its just the fear in me talking though.

any other issues, dmail me and we can talk bout it over a nice cup of tea.

cheers.
giles 