---
author: Brad "Admiral Twk" Reinhold
title: The Dark Path to Ultimate Power
side: Dark
date: 2001-08-02
description: My final attempt at a SYC Flip. went 2-2 at the Atlanta DPC, 27-4 overall record. Avg. win: 26-35.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

starting:6 [8 with other two effects]
SYC
Death Star
Death Star DB
Alderaan
Prepped defenses
A Million Voices
[effect varies]
[effect varies]

Characters:12
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith
Vader with Saber
Emperor Palpatine x2
death star gunner x3
admiral chiraneau
Darth Maul
Captain Godherdt (may be replaced by   
                  ghhhk/TRWEU)
grand admiral thrawn
U-3PO

locations:5
hoth
endor
tatooine
death star: conference room
kuat

Ships:11
devastator
executor
avenger
zuckuss in boat
vengeance
chimaera
tyrant
conquest
TIE Interceptors x2

Effects:12
hell to pay
mob points
kuat drive yards
come here you big coward
something special planned for them
secret plans
there is no try/oppressive enforcement
crush the rebellion
lateral damage
bright center to the universe
broken concentration
dark path

epic events:1
commence primary ignition

weapons:3
superlaser
SFS 9.3 LS Cannons x2

interrupts:10
force lightning
imperial command x2
twilek adviser x2
put all sections on alert x2
evader/monok
Tarkins Orders x2 

Strategy: 

Update: For those of you who thought the deck can’t play in tournys...you’re wrong. Its record of 27-4 is IN tournaments. If I added all the other games it won...
ALSO, a few cards need to make their way into the deck...take out broken concentration, add resistence or bespin. The card was supposed to help against MWYHL, but only slow the fip, and not enough to make a difference. Resistence will help all around, and bespin will give you another drain location besides teh other 3. The deck DOES work...try it out, and you will see! 


This is definately not the best deck out there, but I honestly believe it is the best SYC flip out there. IF you play it smart, you should win most of your games. The key is not to hurry yourself. Both of the games I lost, I hurried too much, and it probably cost me the game.

starting: against decks where you think they will need all their starting effects, and if you are feeling brave, start mob points. This pulls kuat, which allows for quick setup of the retireval loop. deploy emperor or gunner to DB to increase activation. Once you have the superlaser (usually turn 2) you need to concentrate on 2 things: protecting your gunners and getting dark path into play. Dark path, a seldom used card, lets you look at the top 3 destinies of your deck, and place any 2 in your lost pile. Sound bad? it is. Usually. With htis deck, however, once you flip, you retieve phenomenal amounts of force, so a pidly 2 to guarantee a flip when you need it is well worth it.

midgame: after blowing away alderaan, concentrate on the opponents game. If they are playing EBO or MBO blow them away asap. If EBO, don’t blow alderaan til the return trip. your immunity to battle damage is key. send your gunners to the used pile if there is nothing else you want to blow up, and get emperor + another DJedi to the DB, to satisfy Battle Plan. Also use your characters to disrupt the opponents ground, then retieve them with a SD. deploy systems from reserve deck, drain away.

lategame: retrieve and drain, cancel drains. If they kill your ships, you retrieve them by deploying another, ten deploy the retrieved ships using KDY.

I won’t go into matchups, but you are advantaged vs. WYS. The laser cannons + ties hurt them very badly, so save them for surprise beatdown. The objective protects you from ground beats early. Maul and guri own palace raiders. The deck has beaten every single WYS it has played. QMC goes the same way, and endor ops should be ok. the massive retrieval helps in most situations, but flipping wont win you the game. The deck is kinda easy to play at first, but in order to play it at a tourny where you expect stiff competition requires mental effort. Its fun to play, and the levels of thought involved and skill put into playing make it suited for almost any player. 

If you have a suggestion or comment, or even a question (sorry I didn’t go into too much detail...its 3:40 am and I’m a bit tired...just look at the other SYC flips on my page. Everything that applies there applies here, but more so) don’t hesitate to ask. I appreciate any and every review, and thank you again for taking the time to read this.

Brad Reinhold  