---
layout: post
author: ! Ryan "Shadow 13" French
title: ! "Echo Mains v 2 0"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-11-19
description: ! "The Ultimate EBO Fake out deck that puts together the Ultimate Beatdown Force. Try it, you’ll like it."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(5)
An Unusual Amount Of Fear
1st Marker
4th Marker
The Signal
A New Secret Base

Defensive Shields should include
Don’t Do That Again
Aim High
Do Or Do Not
Ounee Ta
Wise Advice
Your Insight Serves You Well

Locations(7)
Echo Command Center War Room
Echo DB
Cloud City Incinerator
Hoth
Bespin
Dagobah
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut

Characters(21)
EPP Luke x2
EPP Han x2
EPP Leia x2
Chewbacca, Protector x2
Jar Jar Binks
General Calrissian
Nien Nunb
Admiral Ackbar
Wedge Antilles, RSL
Threepio WHPS
8D8 x2
LE-BO2D9 (Leebo) x2
WED-9-M1 ’Bantha’ Droid x2
Qui-Gon Jinn, Jedi Master

Starships(4)
Gold Squadron 1
Home One
Artoo Detoo in Red 5
Red Squadron 1

Interrupts(14)
Effective Repairs x2
The Signal x2
Nabrun Leids x2
End Of A Reign
Mindful Of The Future
Yoda Stew x3
Put That Down
Life Debt
I Know

Effects(8)
Echo Base Garrison
Faithful Service
I Wonder Who They Found
That’s One
Count Me In
I’m With You Too
Squadron Assignments
Descent Into The Dark

Others(1)
Combined Fleet Action
'

Strategy: '

This is not an EBO deck  This is Echo Mains, the EBO fake-out on a grand scale using a (possibly) broken engine first discovered by PCGSAlucard.  This deck uses a conventional EBO setup, but the most important card in the early game is Echo Base Garrison.  with Echo Base Garrison you pull a maintenance droid, with Faithful Service you lose it instead of 3-4 Force, with the Incinerator you retrieve it, with EBG you pull it, rinse and repeat....you get the idea.  Every droid is worth life Force up to its forfeit value, and they’re retrievable with the Incinerator (if you occupy), and you can keep pulling the Maintenance droids with EBG.  Then with I Wonder Who... on the impregnable Echo War Room, you get the EPP Main beatdown going and really kick some Dark Side butt.  So with the Fearsome Foursome and their Tag Team Effects you hold the Faithful Service site, and with Qui-Gon and others you hold the Incinerator.

Effective Repairs In case Faithful Service dies or you manage to lose a Main with a helper effect on him/her/it.

Descent Into The Dark Pull with your DShield DDTA, it causes instant recirculation, ensuring that no matter how late in the game you get your mains beatdown going, you will always have enough destiny draws.  Also screws DS weapon levitation and other Used Pile mechanics...

NO EBO???  i don’t use any of the characters pulled by EBG for deck space reasons, so there’s little chance of deploying EBO early, and there’s no point in putting anyone else on Hoth unless they’re playing Walkers.

  Points of Contention 
I know the systems are a little risky with only 4 starships, but a system beatdown is just as bad as a ground beatdown...if a little harder to pull off.  Make sure you’ve saved some force for it.  And using one system is better than using 2 Echo sites for activation alone.

I don’t use How Did We Get Into This Mess, even though EBG provides the perfect setup for it.  the reason is that i could never get all the right stuff in my hand at the right time, so i decided to go with the old standby of Yoda Stew, and Naked Threepio.

Jar Jar is in mostly for canceling Visage since he’s unaffected by Ephant Mon. He can also get your Tag Team into any other blank site.  BMM isn’t in here because, frankly, i like to see JarJar die.

Red 5 and Gold Squad 1 are in just in case you need the Tag Team at a system, although Gen Lando and Nunb can generally sit at one of your systems with Combined Fleet Action limiting bd’s for the opponent since you get 2 bd’s and are immune to Talon Roll.  And Wedge doesn’t hurt in space...

End Of A Reign is for Darth Vader Lord Of The Choke....nothing worse than dropping a Tag Team member during a battle....and Put That Down is for facing Dr. E or a capture-weapon bounty hunter, although Chewie Protector can cancel Dr. E’s game text most often.  The only defense for Force Lightning is not to battle the Emperor...

61st card another Faithful Service, or Inconsequential Barriers, but nobody playes barriers around here.
Well thanks for looking, be constructive with your reviews, and don’t underestimate the power of surprise '