---
layout: post
author: Chris "Christo" Cicconi
title: 'Dark Deal a la Christo'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-30
description: 'Dark Deal my way,the way that makes them lose 20 force a turn.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Starting(7):
Deal is Getting Worse/Alter it Further
Preped D
Mob Points
Secret Plans
Imperial Arrest Order
I’m Sorry
CC:Downtown Plaza

Locations(6):
Bespin
Bespin:CC
Rendili
CC:Carbonite Chamber
CC:West Gallery
CC:East Platform

Characters(15):
Mara Jade, Emperor’s Hand
Fett w/Blaster
Prince Xizor
Darth Maul
Aurra Sing
Mighty Jabba
Dr. Evazen & Ponda Baba
Dengar w/Blaster Carbine
Darth Vader DLOTS
IG-88 w/Gun
4-LOM w/Rifle
Jodo Kast
Lord Vader
GA Thrawn
Snoova

Starships/Vehicles(7):
Fett in Slave 1
Obsidian 7
OS-72-1 in Ob1
Chimera
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Tempest 1

Interrupts(12):
Force Field
Imperial Barrier x2
Endor Occupation
Tw’lek Advisor
Ghhhk & Rebels won’t escape us
Dark Maneuvers
Moment of Triumph
Hidden Weapons
Weapon Levitation
Jabba’s Through with You
Podracer Collision

Effects(8):
Cloud City Occupation
Dark Deal x2
Search and Destroy
Battle Order
Lateral Damage
You Cannot Hide Forever
Blast Door Controls

Weapons(4):
Vibro-Ax
Vader’s Lightsaber
Maul’s Saber
Mara’s Saber

Podracer(1):
Teemto’s Racer





Strategy: 

I’d just like to mention that I CAN use the Imp Barrier, once I flip the objective!!! People PAY attention!!! Well the wording on the card sucks, so I’m not sure, but I found better stuff to put in instead...ouuuuuuu Alter :) 
I’d like to put in another Choke Vader instead of a LV.
Teemto’s in there just in case, and he’s a destiny 5, if you don’t need it for the racing it’s always nice to have around. Also the destinies are one of the troubles in this deck, it’s hard to keep them up high, but now with the new effect you can pull the zero’s.
Why IAO? Because I can pull the DB, for some early generation with Mob Points, plus it gives me an extra site to drain at.

So first turn before you activate pull Rendili, and the 2 int sites, you can get 12-15 force the 2nd turn, but you’re giving the light side A LOT for their turn too.

Some Matchups I’ve played:
vs. EBO, set up FAST, EBO sets up fast, you have to set up faster, if you can set up first you can win, if not after getting DD and occupation, try to slow down their draining with some BH ships, most EBO decks are ment to run, so try to make them do it.

vs. MBO, yeah whatever if you see it drain early, and chances are he’ll lose a critical card to his strategy, trech, torps, AR. Should be EASY!!!

vs. Testing (or anything with Menace Fades), ok you’ll have a HARD time hear, get DD, for the power, and get Occupation too, with that you should be making the opponent lose 6-10 force a turn, try to cut down their retrieval with Secret Plans, if they come to you, chances are you can take them out with power houses, like Vader, Mara, and Maul.

vs. Profit, DRAIN DRAIN DRAIN!!! You should be able to beat their retrieval, just forget about them

vs. QMC, don’t let them get Bespin and you should be alright, if you’re doing things right you should always be on CC, so they’ll never flip their Objective.

