---
layout: post
author: ! Dunya "Hardpack" Ertan
title: ! 'Last of the great tie decks'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-12-11
description: ! 'drain and a beatdown'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'starting 
my lord, is that legal 
senate 
corusant senate 
prepared defensives 
imperial decree 
mob points 
starting effects 10

characters 
yeb yeb adem x3
orn free x2 
arica 
echel bar 
tikkles x2 
toonbuck 
passel 
baskul
u-3cpo 

location 
sullust 
wakelmui 
kiffex 
naboo 

interupts 
squabbling delegates 
short range fighters 
ghkk combo 
twilek advisor 
neinodian adviser x2
all power to weapons x2 

effects 
trafic
presence of the force x2
lateral damage x2
sinear fleet 
motion support 
this is outrageous 

ships 
ig88 in ship 
zuckuss in ship 
dreadnaught class crusier 
emperors sword 
emperors shield 
tie interceptor x 15
'

Strategy: '

This is the most powerful deck that served me well. The addition of the 10 defensive shield cards made dark side ties extremely powerful. Beggar and frozen assets have been eliminated kills all hope of a beat down by the light side space. No matter what kind of hand u draw its will be useful. Let me go through card choices. 

yep yep this guy is a monster. His game text of make one card lost is like visage. This works great with this deck. Use him, abuse him and take him out

baskol great for lose of one at naboo system. 

passel argenta let see that cheap x-wings beat down. Wow 

toonbuck its good for attrition value. Probably u can sub for maul if needs it to be. In some places i take him out for ability ability or numbers. 

Tikkes great for activation and honor of the Jedi and taking force pile into hand. 

Orn free taking up space but I needed more senators and deploy of 1 nothing wrong 

Two spies great for canceling a force drain. I like to move them to cause a headache.

Motion supported great for adding 2 to a drain in a system. Also great for using a card from a hand for more battle damage. 

Imperial decree Greatest card in the game I think. One location and 2 systems thats all need it. Control senate and 2 systems and their force drain bonuses are canceled. (Not there force drains) 

Bounty ships Adds battle destines some varieties of the combos. 

First couple of turns 

Grab waa., and activate. Drop a senator or few ties in the first turn to system. If any system on hand drop it. 

Second turn activate drain and deploy and look for sinear fleet and systems. Use senators to the full potential. 

This is a real simple deck to play and win. Just deploy retrieval and use the senators. 

Against decks 

Wys This is an easy objective to beat. No more beggar and first strike (I forgot the light side version). Control corusant, tat, and senate at all times. Use defensive shields as offensive cards. Let them come to u. let them have cantina and drop a spy. Senate will take them out. Their game text is huge. 

Dueling deck This is the hardest one so far. Not because it is a great deck but its activation is great and force drains can get massive. But u will out drain them and retrieval them. Imperial decree is your friend. Do not deploy sps to generator or the next site. It will be lost during control phase. Least u will win by is 8 and most will be 19. Never lost to duel deck yet against once.  

There is good in him Set up imperial decree and come here u big coward. Its over. Lateral damage out rider or home and beat down time. 

Hidden base Set ur self up in the senate and u yep yep in till they think they are safe. Use secret plans to damage their retrieval. Do not deploy waulkein in till late game to retrieve with shield and sword. 

Profit This is hard match up. U have to set up fast. Use the yep yep again and destroy there life force. Use arica and u3cpo. Use ozzel with ghkk to stop force drains. There force lose is not going to be that much. Average wins 10-22 
Never lost to profit with this deck. Start with Arica in the room. This will make them think twice about rescue. 

Hoth use yep yep and other senators for there advantage. Its going to be a short or a long game. Depends on there lost of sites. 

Light side senate This takes some skill. Power up at the corusant system. Drop shield and sword and few ties and u got power of 8 at the senate. Each ship adds 1 to corusant sites for power. Use Arica for forfeit. 

Generator is gone do not know. Never seen it in action. 

This is a finest tie deck I made besides my Endor ops and first version. It never lost yet in a tournament. It destroys decks and meta. Drain of 6 a turn and lost of 2 a turn kills them. Retrieval is huge and useful. 

Some cards might hurt here some knowledge 

Battle plan It will hurt them more at the end. Imperial decree is a card. They will be drained faster and quicker. Make them use it. You can u the senator for a lost a Naboo and yep yep. 

grimtash It might get u it might not. U will never have more than 3 non-uniques in hand. Sword, shield and death squadron is great. Retrieval them just lost. Grab them if u see a lot of them. 

Aim high Its a pain in the a s s but it will barley hurt u. It does damage at the end for short range fighters. 

Grabbers Nothing to grab accepts advisors so dont worry. Just let them have it. 



Everyone has their opinion but this is a great deck with defensive shields. It will hamper opponents offensive cards. Be smart and try to damage them much as possible. Space is yours as long as u do not make a mistakes like the built in super falcon. 

One card i would love to put is ability ability. This is a great card for this deck. Can not find a place for it


'