---
author: Cortney "dope5tar" Haggerty
title: 'Endor Shenanigans'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-27
description: 'mad drains on endor'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting Stuff.
Endor ops
Endor
Bunker
Landing Platform
Prep Def
TINT/OE
Mob Points
YCHF

Locations.
Ewok Village
Dark Forest
Forest Clearing

Characters.
Palpatine x2
Mara x2
Janus
Sim-salabimbambazaladoozaladim
Lord Vader x3
Grand Moff
Djas Puhr
Dr. E and Ponda Boobies

Ships.
Boba
Zuckuss
Bossk
Dengar

Interrupts.
Operational as Planned x3
Twilek x3
Force Lightning x2
You are Beaten x2
Sniper/Dark Strike x2
Young Fool 
Weapon Levitation
Masterful Move
Point Man
Circle

Effects.
S&D
Overseeing it Personally
Lateral Damage
Resistance
Expand the Empire
Secret Plans
Perimeter Patrol
Bad Feeling Have i
Blast Door Controls
First Strike
PotF x2

Weapons.
Mara’s Vibe
Vader’s Club


Strategy: 

Ok, the main idea here is to get mad drains on Endor while ignoring your opponent.  With the starting locations, you get at least 5 force,plus what they give you.  that is usually enough to deploy a character to the platform for mad activation on turn two.  Everyone in the deck except for Tarkin draws destiny by themselves, and everyone but Tarkin and Dr.E are immune to a some attrition.  

The starting effects are pretty straightforward, you can use YCHF to grab PP/OSIP/S&D if theyre not playing #’s and you havent drawn them already.  PP is not totally neccesary, especially in today’s world of hordes of alien smugglers.  Mostly i use it w/OSIP and Mara- put her in the bunker and w/saber drain for 2.

The deck takes a couple of turns to get cookin, but once it does it drains faster than a sink full of dran-o.  All three of the sites are drain +1, and with Expand the Empire on the middle one, the bonuses will stack.  With the two lightsabers, drain bonuses, PotF’s and OSIP/Janus, the drains go thru the ceiling.  

The destiny in the deck is pretty good, Operational as Planned is awesome.  If they do come to Endor to rumble, Sniper/Force Lightning/You are Beaten/PP will get them off again. Vader’s Obsession is pretty cool here, noone expects it.

Space is pretty weak, i couldnt really find room for IG88.  Most of the time i just hold my ships back till the other guy thinks im not playing any space then drop the BH ships on him w/a lateral damage- splat.  They’re also helpful against Menace Fades, when they’re just controlling one system.

OK then, matchups.

HB: If theyre flipping, this is a real pain.  Use your pitiful little band of ships to mob together to probe, all the while draining away on Endor.
EBO: Resistance will be a huge hook up here, just try to outdrain them.
TIGIH: Go get Luke, then zap him and Young Fool his @#$% right on out. Game over.
WYS: Drain drain drain! Plead the "I don’t have a fleet" trick, then thump his spread out ships.  If they’re playin skiffs/patrol craft, Expand the Empire on the village, no vehicles for them (or you, but who cares).
MWYHL: Have one of your ships pick up a beats crew and go @#$%slap Leia on Dagobah.
Profit: yeah, right.
AITC: Sneak someone into the Audience Chamber then sniper tessek/their rep. Drain race again.

Well, that’s bout all i can think of for now. I wanted to make room for that AO that adds to immunity, but i forgot it at home (i’m at work now). It would also be handy against I’ll take the Leader hoo-hah.  Anyhow, enjoy the drainfest!

Hag 