---
author: Ben "big chief 4" Villy
title: 'Red Squadron the X-wing all purpose deck'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-10-24
description: 'An aging deck based on Beating opponent in air and stopping them on the ground from draining- well balanced.'
rating: 1.5
---
Cards: 

Locations(10)

Hoth: Echo Docking Bay
Hoth (starting)
Hoth: Echo Command Center(War Room)(Starting)
Hoth: Snow Trench
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94
Yavin 4: Docking Bay
Forest
Rendezvous Point
Yavin 4
Mon Calamari

Starships(8)

Red 7
Red 8
Red 9
Red 10
Blue Squadron 5
Outrider
Red Squadron 4
Red Squadron 1

Admiral Orders (2)

III take the Leader
Concentrate All Fire

Interrupts (9)
A Few Maneuvers
Luke’s Back
Han’s Back
Weapon Levitation
Heading for the...(Starting)
Careful Planning(Starting)

Control and tunnel vision
Power Pivot x2
Steady Aim

Effects(4)

Insurrection(Starting)
Strike Planning(Starting)
Squadron Assignments(Starting)
Traffic Control

Characters(19)

Coroporal Marmor
Ten Numb
Theron Nett
Dash Rendar
Lieutenant Naytaan
Elyhek Rue
Coroporal Midge
Bren Quersy
Derek Hobbie Klivian
Daughter of Skywalker
Owen and Beru Lars
Chewbacca Protector x2
Luke Skywalker Jedi Knight
Colonel Craken
Lieutenant Too Vees
General Solo
Sergeant Junkin
Captain Yutani
Wedge Antilles Red Squadron Leader

Weapons and Devices (8)

Luke’s Blaster
X-Wing Laser Cannon x3
Enhanced Torpedoes x2
Intruder Missile
Rebel Flight Suit




Strategy: 

I have never lost a local match with this deck, it is very strong in the air, and almost an even match on ground. It is about the equivalent of a dark side big blue deck, only using starfighters instead of cruisers.

Reasons for cards:
Luke and Blaster when against anyone with a high defense value, why the need to track destinies, just take away their immunity to attrion and make them forfeit them instead.

Insurrection lets me get my DB’s out and therefore I am activating 10 force by my third turn or so.

Careful Planning lets me start with 2 locations that give me 2 icons each at the beginning, and this combined with Insurrection, leads to a quick start.

My Starships are all pretty strong, and immune to attrion, which gets even better when i get My admiral Orders out.  CAF gives me a nice power bonus since i use a lot of weapons, and it also gives me 2 chances at hitting things once per turn.

Ten Numb in Blue Squad. 5 fires torpedoes at a +5 destiny against capitals and a +3 against starfighters.  Combine this with Steady Aim, and you have a +9 or +7 destiny draw.  My 3 X-Wing Cannons also have bonuses when fired by Red 8,Red 9, or Red Squadron 4.  With +4 destiny draws that make starfighters lost, this deck can easily take on most TIE decks.

This deck may not be strong against specialized decks, but adding a few cards can block against decks like Podracing etc.
This concludes my deck, I hope u give it a score based on its well-roundedness and reliability.

