---
layout: post
author: ! Phillip "Karrdeshark" Aasen
title: ! "Post Tatooine; Part 1  A K A  Deadbolt Dueling"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-30
description: ! "The first in a series of four lightside decks I will be posting that use new cards and strategies from the newest set, Tatooine.  I don’t have the new cards so don’t ask about tournament stuff.   This deck is a common Deadbolt with a deadly pa"
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting6
H 1st Marker
H 4th Marker
HFTMF
DODN/WA
Strike Planning
Squadron Assignments

Locations7
Hoth
Endor
H EDB x3
H E Corridor
H E Command Center

Characters19
Gui-Gon Jinn x2
EPP Luke x2
LS, JK
EPP Obi x2
EPP Leia x2
EPP Han x2
Gen. Crix
Gen. Calrissian
WARSL
Tycho
Blount
O&B Lars x2
Ketwol

Starships4
G.S. 1
G.S. 3
R.S. 1
Tala 2

Weapons2
Qui-Gon’s Lightsaber  (conjecture that there will be a Qui-Gon’s Stick)
Luke’s Lightsaber 

Effects6
ANSB
DTF
Frozen Assets
Lightsaber Proficiency
Disarmed
EBO

Interrupts15
OOC/TT x2
You Find I’m Full Of Surprises x2
(check out this card on Decipher)
Under Attack x3
Punch It
The Signal x4
On The Edge x3

Admiral’s Order’s1
ITTL
'

Strategy: '

I am writing a four part series of decks that use the new cards/strategies from Tatooine.  This is the first installment.

If you don’t know how to play Deadbolt, check out the deck by that name. (I think it’s by Clint Hayes)

This deck is a basic Deadbolt only I liked that new dueling card so I figured out how to make it so you don’t lose duels.  Here’s how the EPP Luke Beatdown works During your opponent’s turn, use ’Edge’ with Owen&Beru and choose 6.  You fail and they are lost.  Luke is now Power+6 until the end of your next turn.  Now, you deploy an EPP Luke against Vader (except BHBM).  You duel and you will have 13(+6 from the Lars,+2 from the stick) Power and 5 ability.  Even the best vader with a lightsaber is 9 power, 6 ability.  If you use Lightsaber Proficiency in the equation, and you have tracked a 6, then the opponent must draw a blind destiny of 13 total to tie you.  Pretty cool huh ;)
You play like a basic Deadbolt other than that.  Some people say, "What about Scum?" Well the Mega-Luke still works so go against them with your (I’ve done this before) Qui-Gon w/stick, Obi w/stick, and LS, JK w/stick.  Lose O&B during their turn and put the Proficiency on Obi and guess what You have the ability to hit 3 people, and you have 26 POWER  Ask the opponent if their little Mara is having fun yet ;)
Here are the card reasons

DODN/WA SAC protection

Strike Planning Pulls my generals and drops the Endor activation for them.

Squadron AssignmentsPulls matchin Ships.

Qui-Gon,Luke,Obi,Leia,Han Duh

Crix pulls Ketwol and Blount

Ketwol trades for DBs that you have gotten with ANSB

O&B Lars Kill ’em and Make Luke Power+6.  Also can be targeted by a blind On The Edge late game.  Forfiet Fodder.

Why Blount instead of Cracken Pull and cancel the Visage.  Cancels ISB decks.

Why the two lightsabers good for draining and dueling.

ANSB pulls your Echo sites, your systems, and makes Ketwol easy.

Lightsaber Proficiency Makes one of three dudes power+3.  Great protection for Obi against a HuntDown deck. (he will have ten power in a duel so they won’t duel him 95% of the time) 

Disarmed a flipped HD disarmed Vader won’t win a duel.

Frozen Assets look at Deadbolt

EBODuh

Draw Their Fire retrievel.  Deadly when combined with Frozen Assets. (they can’t play Imp. Commands, Tramples, Senses, etc.)

OOC/TT I hate the Visage.  Handy for placing something out of play. (I once placed Palpatine out of play in a BHBM deck ;)

YFIFOS Finally I can duel Vader.

Under Attack Stuffs Walker decks in their tracks.

The Signal x4 need my ANSB, DTF, Frozen, Proficiency, Disarmed

On The Edge plenty of retrievel in this deck.

Punch It resuses your lonely Falcon from a beatdown.

ITTL anti-TIEs, I can drain under the shield.


Cards I want to fit in Battle Plan, Menace Fades, and Out Of Nowhere.


Matchups

ROPS Go after Vader.  Luke will wreck the heck out of them.  Under Attack those Walkers.

Any kind of Scum (MKOS, CCT, COTVG) Wreck them with Big beats.  Move in.  (don’t deploy for fear of None Shall Pass) Drain the heck out of them in space.

BHBM use Luke for suicide runs until you need to give him to Vader.  Then win all the Duels and battles and they won’t be able to turn him.

TDIGWATT Go to cloud City with the Big Beats.  Kill ’em in space and drain them to death in space while fighting on the ground and the rest will fall.

HuntDown this deck was built specifically to combat Huntdown.  Use the Mega-Luke and place Vader out of play.  Then kill what remains.

Endor OPS Go to Endor with the Big Beats.  Kill Them in Space and have fun.

TIES ITTL+Frozen Assets+DTF wrecks them.  Slaughter what ground they have.

Hoth Walker decks Under Attack  Slaughter everything else and drain them at their own ground locations.

This deck will keep you in the game as long as you remember to use Ketwol to the fullest.  Thanks for reading and Enjoy


'