---
layout: post
author: Jason "Mr. Kast" Darkis
title: 'Rops Bikers V2.0'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-30
description: 'Version 2 Of My Raltiir Bikers.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

1 Forest  
1 Jungle  
1 Raithal  
1 Ralltiir  
1 Rendili  
1 Spaceport City  
1 Spaceport Docking Bay  
1 Spaceport Prefect’s Office  
5 Biker Scout Trooper 
1 Corporal Avarik  
1 Corporal Drelosyn  
1 Corporal Misik  
1 Corporal Oberk  
2 Emperor Palpatine  
1 Sergeant Barich  
1 Sergeant Elsek  
1 Sergeant Irol  
10 Speeder Bike 
1 Boba Fett In Slave I  
1 Devastator  
1 Zuckuss In Mist Hunter  
2 Defensive Fire & Hutt Smooch  
2 High-speed Tactics  
2 Imperial Barrier 
1 Prepared Defenses  
2 Projective Telepathy  
2 Scanning Crew 
2 Sneak Attack  
2 3,720 To 1  
1 First Strike  
1 Imperial Arrest Order  
1 Mobilization Points  
2 Overseeing It Personally  
1 Reactor Terminal 
1 Royal Escort  
1 Something Special Planned For Them  
1 There’ll Be Hell To Pay    
1 Ralltiir Operations/In The Hands Of The Empire


Strategy: 

Update #1-Forgot to post startings! Here they are!
Ralltiir Ops
Ralltiir
Prepared Defenses
IAO
Mob. Points
Something Special

Update #2-The old Strategy!
Here it is, plz disregard the stuff that doesn’t apply like the 3 elites I removed and such. Also the devastator landing stuff(i was real dumb to think that =), replace it with a fighter (boba in ship, zuckuss in ship etc.)

Update #3-Crap Review
Here it is....ounee ta is somewhat a threat but big whoop de doo eh? Rebels deploy only -1 to ralltiir sites. Aliens, heck anything, is gonna get blown to pieces if they come to Ralltiir anyway(all speeders react to battle nearby). There are TWO overseeing it personally in this deck contrary to the none that this guy said. Set for stun? That’s why I have hutt smooch. Set for stun sends the character right back to their hand (pretty sure) and even when you pair it with a scanning crew the spies will show up later. It’s also a lost interrupt (smooch is too but overall much more useful). As for activation there is lots and the guys deploy cheap. You could add more sites but why would you need to? You don’t. Also adding more sites just adds more 0 destinies to the deck. The average destiny is 3 or 4 and I like it that way. Sorry for the flaming but that is just outrageous and I hope I’ve cleared some things up. I realize it may be because I didn’t write a proper strategy but it is much the same as the old one. It is still outrageous. Feel free to (and PLEASE) dmail me before posting a review like that. I can clear up any questions you may have so that it can be reviewed fairly.

VERSION 1 STRATEGY
”Hey guys, I recently used Raltiir in a tourney you would think that I would be smacked down but actually, I wasn’t. I never saw one anti-raltiir card all day. I came out 4th and was very happy as it was only my 2nd juniors tourney. The key to this deck is that it sets up real fast. You start Prepared Defenses, IAO, Mob. Points, and something special. First turn you’ll pull(and deploy) rendili with mob. points, a dbay w/IAO, and a site with the objective. Next turn you have lots of force to work with and probably a few guys in hand. Drop another site with the objective and deploy a guy to each site. If it doesn’t work out that way you can search for the biker scouts with the objective (1 a turn) on the first side. Flip. Keep pulling sites until all 5 are out. Pull bikes for the biker scouts and sit one of each of them on a bike per site. The idea is that if/when your opponent comes to you you’ll react to wherever they decide to try an cause trouble. You can drain for 5 or 6 a turn and then the fun begins. First strike will allow you to retrieve a force when you battle them (hold them off with barrier so you can initiate). There are tons of interrupts to help you in battle. Not to mention the funnest part of all 3,720 to 1. ALL the characters in this deck are destiny 3. That means when it comes up you have a total of 12. Watch them cry as they lose 8 force because of their destiny 1 mains :o). This deck is still untested as I have a limited amount of cards to work with but I think this is what I’ll play. I was given the suggestion to dump my elites but one of them and a cadet will hold a site VERY well. Draw a 3 for destiny add 5 is 8 add their power of 2 for a total of 10 and the opponent has 8 attrition. You lose cadet for all the attrition from opponent. That’s why I’d like to keep them. BTW the Devastator is for when the opponent gets to raltiir before you flip. Stick it there when you control 3 raltiir sites but the opponent is on raltiir. The objective flips and you can land the devastator @ the dbay. Good, constructive reviews are greatly appreciated and RALTIIR IS NOT DEAD!!!! :o) 
Jason ”Mr. Kast” Darkis ” 

I know I should put in a strategy but you can read the rather lengthy one from version one. Same thing only you need to set up OIP fast and start draining. Also Raithal adds to the destiny of bikers giving you monster totals with inserts. Sorry for the inconvience. Please give constructive reviews! Thanks
Jason     