---
layout: post
author: ! Eric "YOYOY" Bailey
title: ! "My Kind Of Machine v  4 0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-14
description: ! 'Extremely fun to play, and it wins. Just awesome.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
My Kind Of Scum/Fearless And Inventive
Tatooine Desert Heart
Tatooine Jabba&#8217;s Palace
Myo (Rep)
Prepared Defenses
Power Of The Hutt
Secret Plans
First Strike

Locations (4)
Tatooine 
Jabba&#8217;s Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba’s Palace Lower Passages
Jabba&#8217;s Sail Barge Passenger Deck

Characters (20)
Abyssin x3
Gailid
Prince Xizor
Guri
Snoova
Mighty Jabba
Chall Bekan
Mercenary Pilot
Boelo
Ephant Mon 
Bib Fortuna  
J&#8217;Quille
Jodo Kast
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba 
IG-88 With Riot Gun
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
U-3PO

Weapons (2)
Vibro-Ax
Dr. Evazan’s Sawed-Off Blaster 

Starships (5)

Dengar In Punishing One
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Bossk In Hound&#8217;s Tooth
Stinger
Virago

Vehicles (1)
Jabba&#8217;s Sail Barge

Effects (8)
Scum And Villainy
Tatooine Occupation
Hutt Influence
Reactor Terminal
No Escape
Ability, Ability, Ability
Search And Destroy
Resistance

Interrupts (12)
Twi’lek Advisor x3
Ghhhk
Ghhhk & Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us 
Projective Telepathy 
Jabba&#8217;s Through With You
Jabba&#8217;s Twerps
Main Course
Imbalance
Look Sir, Droids
Hidden Weapons '

Strategy: '

Strategy

This is my good old reliable DS deck. To date it&#8217;s beaten Deadbolt EBO, Hidden Base (X-Wing swarm and matching pilot versions), WYS (a few times, different versions), RST, AITC, MWYHL, Ops, Profit, and other decks.

v. 4.0 Added lots of awesome stuff, like Gailid, U-3PO, Virago, Xizor, Guri, better site package, and other great stuff. The deck is a lot different now, but a lot better. Changed the strategy a lot too, with more detailed matchup info and other stuff.

This deck starts you off with at least 5 Force. Let&#8217;s say the opponent gives you 0 Force. On your first turn activate 5, deploy Audience Chamber from Reserve, deploy Jabba&#8217;s Sail Barge to Jabba&#8217;s Palace from Reserve, deploy Passenger Deck from Reserve, end your turn. Second turn, activate 9 (this is if your opponent still giving you 0 Force). During your deploy phase, first deploy Lower Passages from Reserve Deck. Then search your Reserve for Ephant Mon with Power Of The Hutt. Make sure him, Chall Bekan, and Mercenary Pilot are in there (Reserve Deck) or in your hand. Then, deploy Ephant to the Passenger Deck for 3 (Barge text), then deploy Chall to Chamber for 4, search deck for Mercenary Pilot with his text, deploy the Mercenary Pilot onto the Sail Barge for free (-1 for Barge, -1 for Chall). Then, during your move phase, move Chall onto the Barge, with Merc Pilot driving. Draw the one card left. If the opponent gives you any more Force, you can do more stuff like deploying other aliens to the Barge. So this deck has a very nice start, even if the opponent doesn&#8217;t give you any Force

The deck has drain defense (Resistance, U-3PO, Objective), lots of retrieval (First Strike, Scum And Villainy, Jabba’s Twerps, Objective), lots of direct damage (Tatooine Occupation, Ability Ability Ability, Search And Destroy), and it’s great at beatdowns, with countless cards that are awesome in battles. Some things to remember Hidden Weapons can be used with Boba or Jodo, Hutt Influence rocks, get Gailid out quick, Guri and Boelo are unstoppable together (opponent only draws one destiny, then you can cancel it) with an alien leader, Xizor and Guri are also good in space, 4-LOM adds a battle destiny on ZiMH, and you can use Power Of The Hutt to look through your Reserve just to check destinies and see what’s in your Force pile.

Card choices

Abyssins
They&#8217;re mainly just used to flip the Objective. Their regeneration ability rocks, you can really abuse it. Deploy a single Abyssin against any LS characters. With Scum And Villainy and First Strike out, battle. Opponent loses a Force, your retrieve 3 Force. A 4 Force swing, nice. Then you can either use Projective Telepathy to cancel the battle and move away, or you can use 2 Force to forfeit him to Used Pile and use Ghhhk. The Abyssins can also be retrieved with the Objective, once every turn.

Jabba’s Twerps
Destiny 6 Interrupt. With all your alien leaders out, this card lets you retrieve 6 Force. In the endgame, this card is a gamebreaker. Just when your opponent thinks he has the advantage, use this, retrieve, watch opponent cry. Not to be underestimated.

Look Sir, Droids
A Gift? What Gift? This baby kills A Gift instantly and with no remorse. It can also kill any other droids... any. Leebo, Artoo, Threepio, 8D8, ASP-707, pesky mining droids (trust me), or any other droids. If you know the opponent plays with a lot of droids, use the first function to kill the droids in their Used Pile.
Even if the opponent doesn’t play with any droids, you can still use this to look through their Used Pile.

Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba
Insane. Either they’re a low deploy power 6 character that can draw battle destiny alone, or they’re the ultimate exterminators. Put Dr. Evazan’s Sawed-Off Blaster of them for free, and every character you hit with it will be immediately lost. They’re also a decent pilot for ZiMH, and smugglers, so Snoova deploys for even less at their site. Also good with Vibro-Ax when Snoova isn’t around.

J&#8217;Quille
This guy is so underrated. Power 4 spy that can exclude characters. Even though he&#8217;s deploy 5 forfeit 3, his deploy is lowered easily with this deck, and his forfeit can become 5 if you flip and no non-Tatooine locations are on table. But excluding characters is definitely where he shines... whether it’s excluding a Palace Raider, any Chewie, a Chadra-Fan, an Ewok, a scrub, a droid, or any other character of ability <3.

Ability x3
Direct damage. A loss of 2 Force a turn for the opponent is a big advantage. And even if they deploy a character, that’s still making them basically lose a card from their hand. Ability x3 also has the added benefit of forcing your opponent to deploy a character, so you can then commence with a beatdown. It&#8217;s really nice in the endgame, a good way to help finish off the opponent. This and Search And Destroy can be your key to victory against a space deck.

Main Course
Cancel Frozen Assets or subtract from opponent&#8217;s attrition and power, destiny 5, good card. If opponent has Han and an alien, then subtract 2 destiny from attrition and power. With the high destinies in this deck, this card can make a big difference.

Projective Telepathy
You can sometimes get lucky and cancel a battle the opponent initiated, if they have 0 or 1 Force left. But the best trick is to initiate a battle with Scum and First Strike out, you retrieve 3, they lose 1, then play this on yourself, cancel the battle, move away. An easy 4 Force swing that can really annoy the opponent, especially if you do it multiple times per game.

Matchups

Agents In The Court
If they start Jabba’s Palace, it messes up your start a little. But don’t worry, you should win this game. If they deploy on the ground, kill them. If they deploy in space, kill them. It’s easy, trust me. Abuse all your cool characters and battle interrupts. Use U-3PO to stop any big drains. You shouldn’t lose to any Tatooine-based deck, except maybe a good WYS.

Profit
They start Jabba’s Palace, but don’t panic. Start with Ephant Mon and Mighty Jabba at the Audience Chamber. 2 battle destinies, but more important, a built-in Ghhhk and their spies, smugglers, thieves, and gamblers can’t deploy to same site. If they go for quick-flip, slaughter them after they flip. Master Luke, Ben, and Lando w/Ax will be problems, but don’t worry, you have just as many tricks up your sleeve as they do, and more. Keep battling. If they go for a late flip, have an Imbalance in hand, that plus Secret Plans screw their retrieval.

Watch Your Step
The one Tatooine-based deck that can be a problem. I’ve won against several WYS decks with this deck, actually, now that I think about it, I haven’t lost to one yet... but it is a tougher game than Profit or AITC. Battle a lot. The opponent may think those smugglers are safe with their multiple battle destinies. Prove him wrong. It’s so fun just to kill those stupid little smugglers. You have so many battle tricks, it’s easy. Kill them in space too, while you’re at it. A strong space version of WYS will pose a challenge, mainly because their ships can go toe-to-toe with yours. But a ground-based WYS is a lot easier.

Mains
Whether it&#8217;s HB fakeout, MWYHL, Throne Room, or whatever. You don&#8217;t need much Force from them, considering what you can deploy from Reserve Deck and the cards that make your characters deploy less. Beatdown whenever possible. Feel free to screw them over with Ghhhks and Projective Telepathy. Go off Tatooine only to beatdown or to block their drain, never try to start a drain off of Tatooine. Can be a tough matchup against a skilled opponent, but you can definitely win this one. Show them the raw power of the Dark Side. Don’t forget Guri and Boelo, they’ll quickly become your best friends, and so will Snoova, Hidden Weapons, Main Course, and all the other cards to kick their butt in battles.

EBO
Start Resistance instead of First Strike. Your ships are good, especially if you use Guri and Xizor in space instead of on the ground. Battle them in space, and drain on Tatooine for as much as you can, with Gailid out ASAP. Also get the direct damage going, especially Search And Destroy. If they play Hyper Escapes, don’t worry. With Scum and First Strike out, every battle is a 4 Force swing even if they use Hyper Escape, or Houjix for that matter. Plus, there’s Ghhhk & Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us, which can cancel Hyper Escape, which can be devastating for your opponent. Play fearless, spread thin, keep a Ghhhk in hand, and battle all you can, abusing Projective Telepathy. EBO is probably this deck’s toughest matchup.

Hidden Base
No problem. With all the cards they have to deploy, by midgame you’ll have the advantage already. Hutt Influence and Gailid let your drains do their thing. Drain on Tatooine, with Occupation and you other direct damage going. Battle whenever you can, abuse Projective Telepathy. If you want to probe, go ahead, but I never bother to. If they play the mains version, refer to mains matchup strategy. An X-Wing swarm is annoying, but there’s plenty of ways to deal with it.

Ops
Against any kind of Ops, start No Escape instead of something. Once opponent picks their jaw up off the floor, invade their planet. Just keep battling them on their home turf, don’t let them gain any foothold whatsoever. A fun game, just for the abuse you can give them... an easy game.

In general, beat down whenever possible, and get the drains and direct damage going. Feel free to abuse Projective Telepathy and Ghhhk. Any help or comments are welcome, I&#8217;m still working on this deck. Any questions, D-Mail me immediately. Thanks,

Eric '