---
layout: post
author: ! Jacob "Boda-Baas" Mayer
title: ! "Hungy, Hungy Mains"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-29
description: ! 'I bought this in a surplus sale from the navy.  It will flash fry a buffalo in under 12 seconds.  For those of you who want it now, too bad.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (4)

Tatooine Mauls Landing Site
Tatooine Jabbas Palace
Jabbas Palace Audience Chamber
Jabbas Palce Lower Passages

Characters (18)

Darth Maul x3
Darth Vader x2
Darth Vader With Lightsaber x2
Mara Jade, The Emperors Hand x2
Arica
Prince Xizor
Guri
Grand Moff Tarkin
Emperor Palpatine x2
Janus Greejatus
P-59
Gailid

Weapons (4)

Mara Jades Lightsaber x2
Mauls Light Saber x2

Starships (2)

Mauls Sith Infiltator
Executor

Interrupts (26)

Elis Helrot x2
You Are Beaten x2
Sniper/Dark Strike x2
Weapon Levitation x2
Monnok/Evader
I Have You Now x3
Operational As Planned
Force Lightning
The Circle Is Now Complete x2
We Must Accelerate Our Plans x2
Combat Readiness
Sense/Uncertain Is The Future x5
Alter x2

Effects (6)

Search And Destroy
Crush The Rebellion
Imperial Decree
Do The Have A Code Clearance
You Cannot Hide For Ever/Mobilization Points
Enter The Bureaucrat

'

Strategy: '

Nothing too revolutionary but it is solid, well-balanced deck. It is the classic Landing Site/Jabbas Palace start with strong ground-pound interrupt support.  This type of decks greatest strength is the speed in which it sets itself up.  Of course your gameplan will vary depending on your opponents strategy, but in most cases the first turn goes as follows

1. Pull the Audience Chamber with Jabbas Palace
2. Pull Mara Jade, TEH with the Audience Chamber
3. Pull Mara Jades Lightsaber with Mara Jades gametext
4. If you are fortunate enough to draw Maul and your opponent gives you enough force to move him, drop Maul at the Landing Site and move him over to Jabbas Palace. (Don’t drop Maul if you dont have the force to move him.

After the first turn, everything goes to hell in a handbasket.  My advise is just go with it.

Cards and why I like em 

Sense and Alter- You may have noticed I have a large SAC. Thanks for noticing.  I also like to play 5 senses and 2 alters. (The old ones in case you are wondering)  If your opponent is not playing any SAC protection, this gives you a huge advantage.  If they are playing protection, you can still sense vital interrupts, it will just cost you. (I think its worth sensing that Power Pivot or Nabrum Leids even if it will cost you a couple force.  If your opponent is also playing SAC, a 5/2 package will usually give you the edge in any SAC wars.  (Its usually a good tactic to let them sense your first interrupt so you will have a card advantage later in the game)

Characters - My character package is really pretty standard.  Some of you may scoff at my EPP Vaders. Vader isn’t the key main in this deck, I like having him on reserve as a suicide main.  Why Darth Vaders instead of the lords? The destiny bonus coupled with the I Have You Nows is nice.  Lord Vader is a tank and just isnt right for my hit and run tactics. DVDLOTS has a spiffy ability but my plan is to exclude the big characters and beat on the small ones, and DLOTS works vice-versa. My Maul selction may also seem a little iffy.  I prefer the old Maul to the new Maul, if you dont like that, then switch them out.  I only play with 3 because has always been enough when coupled with my anti-saber tech. 3 Maras....Mara Jades and Bothans are alike in the fact that they tend to die in large numbers.  This way, when one dies, I always seem to have another. Why no Thrawn? Because I am a lover not a fighter. The rest is pretty standard.

Sabers - No Vader’s saber.........shrug

Ships - Mauls ship is the greatest thing since Juri Juice. HB no longer scares me as much.  Why do I have the Exector on there?  For old times sake.

Interrupts - My interrupts are designed to hit them were they are weak for over flow damage.  You Are Beaten and Sniper/Dark Strike allow you to single out small characters for a beating.  Elis Helrot..yeah you know. The Circle Is Now Complete and Force Lightning are more limited but still help you weed out weak characters. Weapon Leavitaion and the excluding cards take care of your opponents saber weilding cards.  I Have You Nows provide you with the attrition to take down large groups of Mains.  Why 3 I Have You Nows and no Mauls Strikes? I Have You Now works with all three of your dark Jedi and are able to target a wider range of character.  Monnok/Evader - protection against revolution (even though half your sites are immune to revo) and with Crush it is immune to sense and you can pull it every turn.  The rest is even more obvious.

Effects - My effects are my counters to different deck types. The Decree helps with EBO. Search And Destroy aids against training and space decks and even works against mains when you are really cooking. Do You Have A Code CLearance is my sole retrevial protection (If you dont count my SAC) Enter The Bureaucrat is anti WYS Kessel drains.  YCHF/MP is extra activation against DB WYS and numbers protection.  It also allows you to pull the Executor and Search And Destroy.  Crush The Rebellion is my personal favorite. It cancels Clash Of Sabers and mutliple CC destiny but most importantly it allows you to pull Monnok and I Have You Now.  That is just spiffy.

Match-ups

Straight LS Mains - DS mains is stronger these days. Its sad but true

Profit - Never had much trouble beating off profit mains.  It really helps when you convert all of their sites on your first turn.

HB - Probe and be happy.  Mauls ship rocks. It has good hyperspeed to reach all of their planets and is invincible (Though it will cost you some force) Search And Destroy coupled with lightning drains with pull you through.  You also have 3 spy killing cards.

WYS - You should be able to handle them on the ground by singling out smugglers and reducing their uberforfiet with your sabers.  Space is more tricky.  Play Enter The Bureaucrat on Kessel and harass them with your meager ships.  With the Kessel drain reduced and their retreivel curbed with Do They Have A Code Clearance? you should be able to out last them. Toughest matchup though.

RST - Don’t let them blow up the bunker. Single out their tiny scouts and apply whooping

Quiet Mining - Go to them. Dont let them flip uncontested. Try to occupy all of their sites on CC. If They dont flip on the first five turns, you have it in the bag.

Training - Yuck, Search and Destroy and mini drains.  It is important that you begin tracking for sense and alter immediately

RTP - Delay her release as long as possible. Kill her once to prevent Death Star plans and try to single 2187 out for a beatdwon.

Any Deck With Podracing - I have lost 42 consectutive podraces and I have only lost 1 of those games.  I just accept losing it as a fact of life.  If you don’t like losing podraces, then I suppose you could ditch some SAC for Pod Racing protection just remeber, Sebulbas podracer alone isnt going to cut it

Asteroids - (I actually played one last week) Your big destiny will make short work of his fighters and Uncertain Is The Future will screw with his tracking.  The Executor is a hoss but Maul wont last long.

Coruscant stuff - I don’t know, just adapt

Thats all that I can think of and I cant think of no mores.  D-mail is you have and questions or suggestions.  Thanks

Jacob "Boda-Baas" Mayer


'