---
layout: post
author: David_F "SabacOwnsJ00" airbanks
title: 'Agents of Phil, Post Coruscant'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-28
description: ! 'umm, title says it all'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'starting(7)
Agents of the Black Sun
Coruscant
Imperial City
Xizor
prepared defenses
mo. points
IAO

locations(4)
 docking bay
endor landing platform
docking bay 94
death star docking bay

Characters(29)
U3PO
The Emperor
Emperor Palpatine
Bane Malar
Dengar w/gun
Snoova
Djas Puhr
Zuckuss
Aurra Sing
Guri x2
Xizor x2
iggy w/gun x2
4lom w/gun x2
fett w/gun x2
jodo kast x2
Makurth x4
Vigo x4

Interrupts(11)
Dioxis
Masterful move/endor occupation
always thinking with your stomach x2
Abyssin Ornament x2
TwiLek x2
Imp. Barrier x3

Effects(8)
Bad Feeling have I
Secret Plans
Allegations of Corruption
Presence of the force x2
Den of theives
reactor terminal
search and destroy

Creatures(1)
Bubo '

Strategy: '

to begin with, for those of you who’ve seen my other black sun deck, the strat article will be similar.  that said, 
Starting  pretty self explanitory, donb’t do that again owns you, but like one person here runs it.  for the third effect, use secret plans if they’re retrieving(obviousely), and allegations for anything else

Locations I want to add another docking bay, but with qmc becoming a little more popular, I don’t know where I’d go.  get the <> docking bay for a first turn flip

characters I use one of each emperor because I only have one of the good one available, and I don’t want too many of the bad one ), as he has an ok ability, but deployment restrictions suck.  everyone’s a black sun agent, cept u3po, and he’s there to f.uck with their drains.  jodo kast and guri exist for xizor protection, jodo kast cancelling destinies, and guri not allowing them at all(well, after one).  the xizor’s are there for when he dies, because more often than not, he will die.  hunters with guns are nice.

interrupts dioxis is there to cancel luke’s immunity to attrition(as many are using R2 luke, or D*2 luke, this comes in mighty handy), or to eliminate immunity on f.ucks like quigon.  twileks get your good effects, the barriers protect xizor(cut down to 3 from the 5 I had before, thanks, it’s helped people), the ornaments get the vigos/makurths, and are recycling 5’s.  they can also retrieve up to 4 force, if tracked right.  always thinking with your stomach hits all lukes but the R2 one, so use it wisely.  also, with the watto’s junkyard objective for LS, qui gon can get lost in the junkyard.

effects  the presences are used to boost drains and to make the imperial city a battleground if the <> docking bay is in your force pile.  allegations of corruption snags annoying interrupts, bad feeling hurts mains, I’d hope everything else would be self explanitory.  the reactor terminal is to make up for hefty early card drawing.

bubo is good

as for why I don’t run ships.  if I only ran a few, a dedicated space would crush me.  if I ran a lot, I couldn’t hold the ground well, and if they weren’t dedicated space, my ships would be taking up more spots in my deck.  plus, one person here plays hidden base, so m’eh  '