---
layout: post
author: Matt "Mateo" McGann
title: '2 - HDS'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-05
description: ! 'This is my darkside deck i made after seeing Eric Hunters Pretzel Money. 2 - HDS stands for "2 Hot Dogs Please Sir" ~ My friend at Papa Ginos :-)'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting Cards(7)
TDIGWATT
CC Upper Walkway
Secret Plans
Prepared Defences
There is no try & Oppresive enforcement
Crush the Rebelion
Imperial Arrest Order

Locations(6)
Bespin System
Bespin Cloud City
Couresant Docking Bay
DeathStar II Docking Bay
Executer Docking Bay
Cloud City East Platform ( Docking Bay)

Characters(16)
EPP Vader x2
Palpy x2
Janus x2
Brangus Glee
Navy Trooper Fenson
Mara Jade, TEH
Prince Xizor
Captain Bewil (yes, he does stop path)
4-LOM w/ gun
Darth Maul
Guri
IG-88 w/ riot gun
Dr E. and Ponda B.

Interupts(15)
I Have You Now x2
Ghhk & TRWEU x2
Imperial Barrier x2
Twi’lek Advisor 
Operational as planned
Omni Box & It’s Worse
Masterful Move
Force Lightening
Shocking Revalation
Sniper & Darkstrike
Evader & Monnok

Ships(6)
Stinger
Virago
Zuckuus in MH
Bossk in Bus
Dengar in P1
Fett in S1

Effects(8)
Lateral Damage
Blast Door Controls
First Strike
Security Precautions
No Escape
You Cannot Hide Forever
Grabber
Cloud City Occ

Green(3)
Restraining bolt ( yes restraining bolt)
Mara’s Stick
Maul’s Stick '

Strategy: '

*Update, i don’t play search and destroy because the destiny provides no bennefit and 95% of the decks i will play in tournys can get around it. And i do believe 6 ships + lat dmg + a track can provide a sufficiant hold on a system... a successful probe, or maybe a battle with lots of over flow. 6 ships is good enough in my opinion. Esp vs pile and RST. QMC i don’t need space rlly... but i could try and well against HB flip sec prec, probe bespin u own the system therefor CC OCC will do dmg. Not many people play that anyway*

*Cradossk - keeping them epire out for ever is a light side card, therefor not crucial to my deck. ”I’m sorry” is the dark CC helper, but even still i can get up to 13 a turn on my own, darkdeal w/ I’m sorry only gets that much as well and i can play barrier + i don’t rely on drains which every one on the planet will get around.*

*Mains with sense alter ehh ? thats why i start the anti-sac card and i also play mains. I hurt their threepio... so they will have mad 0’s floating around. So they lose 3 force to send somthing to my used pile ? ( the s/a card + 2 force ) it’s usualy never a good trade off.*

Well the platform, Brangus, Ghhk combo are all Eric Hunters idea.( sweet stuff ).
This is played just like a darkside mains deck... because thats what it is. Basicaly you pull your 0/1 docking bays, bespin, and bespin CC. Get down Sec Prec, for more activation and if needed get the CC DB... but i try to use that in congunction w/ brangus, ounee ta , and janus tracking. 
There are some interesting card choices in this deck some of it is preferance... some of it is just good.

Restraining Bolt - 
Threepio does not win games, but he does make your opponent almost monnok proof. He tracks for them, artoo & threepio’s text being canceled can win YOU a battle that u needed. It’s Destiny 6. Track it around w/ janus. Just fun tech. 
~ Preferance

Ghhk & Those rebels won’t escape us - 
Cancels reacts like DODGE, and it also cancels hyper escape. < how damn good is that. + you have the Ghhk feature combined with operation as planned can save your @#$% vs beggar ( in some situations ) and also VS frozen assets. 
~ Needed against WYS and the occasional space deck.

Shocking Revalation - 
You can pull it with Secret Plans. It can hurt HDWGITM, destiny 5 used. Cycles on it’s own. hurts those ever popular Oola Decks ( lmao ). Just fun to play and track. The destiny is always nice.

Masterful move - 
Well you can’t pull anything with it, but you can do the janus combo track. It Cancels Savrip, destiny 6. What more do you want.

Brangus - 
Destiny 3 ability 4 char. Power + 2 in the cantina. i play 4 db’s. He is just TECH-o-rific. Can move to and from the home one docking bay because free is not modifiable unless they control it u can’t move there.

Security Precautions - 
Destiny 5, hurts HB flipper in 2 ways. And lets u activate more. When you probe bespin u take no battle dmg there. So you can now hold a system for occupation... and HB flip will not be able to over run your ground. So you get OCC going for a bit... they will prolly cancel your drains until u can place the obj out of play. and make em lose force. One card helps the deck out a ton vs a deck type that is very viable.

Virago - 
Deploy 3, forfiet 5. Adds destiny with xizor has imminuty. Mauever 5, power 4, hyper speed 4. destiny 2.Xizor deploys for like 1 on it. All around good ship i believe. Can help you out in a jam.

Bewil - 
Relocation is movement. Bewil cancels movement from his site on CC. Therefor u can beat down one lil scrub in a QMC deck for like 30 0ver flow and win the game. Destiny 3, works with iao. Enough said there

Navy Trooper Fenson -
This guy kills the on the edge/harvest decks. He is a trooper on tatooine, works with iao. Hurts on/off the edge. Stops Harvest when on tatooine. Destiny 3 as well. Just a tech character
 ~ preferance

Matchup’s
 VS WYS
This is what i was prepairing for all week. You CAN take the cantina, you CAN beat them in space once or twice. I would get down janus... and try to get all activation out except CC DB. Start Tracking, get palpy, janus, maul and brangus into the cantina with force lightening and an i have you now. That should hold it unless they are brazen and go all out on your chars u will just forfiet for like 50. Maul is 8 and palpy is 9. + you have 2 ghhk’s, force lightening, darkstrike, i have you now. It’s all good. Hold the cantina. They can only drain for one on all other sites on the table cept kessel. If they spread EPP vader and Dr E. combo will clear a site for you IG-88 owns two lone smugs. Now for space... You want to get as many destiny’s as possible and get guri on the stinger ( yet another destiny ). Lat dmg... make it one big swoop, don’t try to build a force in space cuz they will just take it down every turn. Lat dmg dash.. and track your 5’s and 6’s make them forfiet enough space will either be null or yours. If they win one or two battles in space i would back off and they usualy play battle plan... just own them on the ground get your drains up. Drain on the ground and pay.. fades won’t be working so u should be able to out drain them at two sites. Keep at it... u can win this matchup with less effort than i just described.

Vs. RST -
Sorry this matchup is just too easy. Lose 6 to the podrace and own the bunker all game. And try to take out crix early. Sniper the talz rep... you are home free. It IS that easy... you only lose one from their drains... and u can beat them in battles and space. Not much else to say... keep on the look out for jedi luke, quigon and epp obi.

Vs. Pile/Mains - 
This is the hardest matchup. You have 2 battle grounds and can cancel revo... take out their threepio. This whole game will revole around battling on those two sites. Get up in space drain for 2 there... try to get occ going and do your best to hold the 2 CC sites. it will be tough. The space drains and the dmg they lose from battles and maybe some with occ should be enough to edge a win... but like i said... this is you hardest matchup.

Now, the most contraversial of them all.
Vs. QMC - 
QMC is alays apealing but the benefits just AREN’T that good. Bewil stops the whole path thing at the site he is at... and i am positive QMC can just be out activated and battled. along with out drained. Space is stechy but holding 3 sites vs QMC isn’t that tough.

And the name of this is dedicated to my friend rich for ordering two hot dogs in papa gino’s. Just playin rich no need to get bent out of shape. 

I think i have covered the common match up’s you’ll see. I will update this maybe for couresant but o well. If i missed something d-mail me.

And to post a retraction in my ”bouncy Balls TR”... i beat mike schiemer by 9 not mike gemme, i beat gemme by 2. Sorry Gemme your a cool dude

-Matt McGann    '