---
layout: post
author: garrett "deadbody" larson
title: 'TIGIHis deadbody'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-30
description: 'the pile meets Grace style TIGIH.  AKA Schoolgirl TIGIH'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objectives:1
TIGIH

Locations:8
Endor DB 
Chirpas Hut 
Backdoor
Shmi’s Hut
CC Downtown Plaza
Home 1 Warroom
Echo Warroom
Yodas Hut

Podracers:1
Anakins shaggin wagon

characters: 18
Qui-Gon x2
EPP Obi x2
Naked 3PO x2
EPP Leia x2
EPP Han x 2
Corran Horn
Tycho Celchu
Mirax
Padme
Luke JK
Luke Rebel scout (start)
Massa Wedge (RSL)
Chewie Protector

Green: 3
Lukes Saber
Qui-Gons Saber
Caller (will be yanked was there to combat anyone bolting 3PO, but doesn’t work since you can’t steal your own cards:(

Blue:3
Tantive 4 (for those hard to reach areas)
Red 6
Falcoln

Effects: 5
I feel the conflict (start)
Aim High (start)
Insight (start)
Honor
Staging Areas (start)

Interuppts: 21
sense x3
combo sense x2
A jedis resilence x2
Weapon Lev x2
on the edge x2
OOC/TT x2
Were you looking for me x2
Nabrun Leids
The signal
HFTMF (start)
Changing the odds
Losing track
SATM/BP


Strategy: 

Okay the basic strategy is to give luke to an imperial (ideally not Vader to cause some force loss) then drop a beat squad on the guys use your battle interuppts to cause massive overflow or jump them 3 times and then track a 6 to turn vader.

This deck is 5-1 in sanctioned play with the only loss coming to an agents are landing deck, and I changed 2 twix sites for the 2/2 to get better drains to combat that.  There are a good deal of recycling high destinys and 3PO to get the stuff out quick, but now on to the match-ups.

BHBM move Vader to the Throne room if they duel great you should win then they will stop after they have stacked a few, give them a beating for the rest of the cards you need to stack, or just kill them with overflow

MKOS if they play without IAO they are dead, if they use it, you need to drop squads and sense their NSP’s and Imperial barrier, Honor keeps it so you only lose the sense.

Racist Huntdown htis was built to combat that.  Insight stops the odds, Luke can’t be dueled, You have 2 obis and 2 jedis reslience don’t deploy him without it.  Then try to win the duel (possible with the destiny) if you lose no biggie, outdrain and damage them.

Space probably the hardest matchup, kill whoever picks up luke, and try to hold a system, Wedge and Han Leia on falcoln, plus someone on Red 6 can keeep you in it.  the toughest matchup.

Okay this deck is pretty well balanced and can handle most anything that gets thrown at it.  THe 61st card is draw their fire, since so few people (around here at least) play with Ghhk it is not vital.  Any other specific questions D-mail me and I’ll answer them.  Otherwise have fun, and happy beatings. 