---
layout: post
author: ! drew "drew man1" scott
title: ! 'Drews pattented Profit'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-10-01
description: ! 'whats to say, profit with absolutely no weaknesses. Definitly gonna go 4-0 at worlds.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'STARTING JANK
Profit
Gen. Solo
Audiance Chamber
Jabbas palace
HFTMF
wise advice(may vary)
Innsurrection/Aim high
your insight serves you well/Staging areas

CHARACTERS
EPP leia X2
EPP luke X3
EPP obi X2
ECC chewie X2
lando w/ ax X2
EPP han X2

EFFECTS
a vergeance in the force X2
beggar
battle plan
first strike
i hope shes alright
the camp
what are you tryin to push on us
honor of the jedi

INTERRUPTS
sense
sense/recoile in fearX3
alter X2
lost in the wilderness
fallen portal
weapon lev
sorry about the mess/blaster prof. X2
life debt
don’t get @#$%y
skywalkers
gift of the mentor
protector
rebel barrier
it could be worse X2
someone who loves you
run luke run
jedi resiliance X2
free ride/endor occupation
ooc/tt
smokescreen

LOCATIONS
jedi councel center
Tattooine DB
mon espa DB
cantina '

Strategy: '

Start off by either puttin luke down at the audiance chamber or draw up and get a hand you can work with, also pull the DBs. And always keep in mind to almost never draw over 12 cards for fear of monnok, most of the advanced players already know this. The one thing you have to no about this deck is that every card has a use, don;t ever look over certain things, like OOC/TT, can cancel The phantom menace, and that Skywalkers can cancel Barrier(trust me i had to do that once and it saved me the game). This deck has a counter for every thing, against podrace it has it could be worse, by the time the race is over you should have one, plus a couple of senses just in case. Weapon lev- cancel you are beaten(a devastating card)and steal a lightsabre if need be. Fallen portal good at most of the sites, mainly to take care of the three Biotches,Mara,4-lom,and janus. I mean really dont they pis* you off, esspecially when they come down 2nd- 3rd turn. Jedis resiliance- one of the best cards in the game hands down. keep your suicide mains goin with this card, also stop annoying dualling. Lost in the widerness, and a vergeance of the force. last set i got really mad when emperor and janus would come down first turn at the palace draining for 3-4, so either take out the emperor with lost in the wilderness or reduce the drain by alot possibly winning you the game in the end. seeing as i haven’t seen control in about a year i would say its safe to play with.
basicallyy kill them with direct damage and force drains/battles. the only deck that will beat this is a deck built to beat this and this alone. i’m thinking of adding disarm for the weapon lev, because weapon lev cant take care of mauls sabre, what do you think? '