---
author: Jason " X" Comstock
title: '@#$% Happens, Sorry About Ya'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-09
description: 'This is my first attempt at DS Podracing.  I took it to a tournement this weekend and its 3-0 status helped me to WIN my first tournement. It won by totals of 26, 23 and 15 (coulda easily been 20-some).'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

         6 Attack Run 

Epic Events and Objecitve
         1 Boonta Eve Podrace
         1 Epic Duel
         1 Hunt Down OBJ
Characters 
         1 Dengar With Blaster Carbine  
         1 Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba  
         2 Mara Jade, The Emperor’s 
         1 4-LOM With Concussion Rifle  
         1 U-3PO (Yoo-Threepio)  
         1 Darth Vader With Lightsaber  
         1 Darth Vader  
         3 Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith   
         2 Grand Moff Tarkin  

Weapons/Devices and Podracers
         1 Mara Jade’s Lightsaber  
         2 Vader’s Lightsaber  
         1 Sebulba’s Podracer

Effects
         1 Battle Order  
         1 Crush The Rebellion  
         1 First Strike  
         1 Reactor Terminal 
         1 Secret Plans  
         7 Visage Of The Emperor (OBJ) 
         1 Watto’s Box (SE) 
         1 There’ll Be Hell To Pay    

Interrupts
         1 Alter & Collateral Damage 
         1 Evader & Monnok 
         1 Omni Box & It’s Worse 
         1 Sense & Uncertain Is The Future 
         2 Weapon Levitation  
         1 Weapon Of An Ungrateful Son  
         2 Focused Attack  
         2 I Have You Now 
         2 Podracer Collision
         1 Pit Crews
         1 Start Your Engines (SI)
         2 The Circle Is Now Complete 
         2 Vader’s Obsession  
         1 You Are Beaten  
         2 Twi’lek Advisor  

Locations    
          1 Executor: Holotheatre (SL)  
   1 Executor: Meditation Chamber (SL)  
         1 Tatooine: Cantina  
        1 Tat: Podrace Arena (SL) 

Strategy: 

Like I said this deck went 3-0 at my tourney today, which basically won me my First Tournement.
The 15 win, which coulve been 20-some as it turned out was the game in which I neglected to count how much I won by and proceded to pack up my stuff. (YES, I know I was stupid, first time and the last time ...@#$% happens.) I estimated that 15 was fair since I did forget, and Jeremiah H. was nice enough to agree.  

Now on to the strategy: Deploy Starting Stuff.
Start the podrace imediatley and use 2 force to make Anakin (or Generic) not draw destiny for the first turn.. this lets you start off on what could be a huge leap, with the destiny this deck has available.  Now Deploying Vader on turn 2 is a normal occurance, but not without back-up if your playing QMC or RST (My Opinion) but of course this way leads to the LS being able to react to that by deploying his Luke elsewhere.
So at the very latest you should have Vader out by turn 3. 

Droping him to the Podrace Arena isnt your worst choice either, as he the podrace should be very quick anyway.  And You can easily move over to the Cantina as soon as you get it.  Beware of People that play Honor and Jedi Test 1 though (WHo plays Jedi Testing anyway??!? (Me perhaps, went 2-1 at the same tourney, review it on my deckpage if you wish).

The ONLY LS Dueling card that I seen played today was A Jedi’s Resilience and in my games today It only helped them to 2 more force loss because You can do it again Immediately and can now use your Focused Attack if necessary.  In my game against Jeremiah I effectively dueled both Obi-Wan and then Luke in this way. 

Some Cards I might change:  I might take Aurra Sing out because the only character I seen with Lightsabers were EPP’s, save for a lone LS, JK.
The only other Card I might change would be Crush as If not started It loses it effectivness, but is still good against QMC. Visage Of The Emperor, no, denied.  Quanity will not be reduced.  The Multiple 7’s are way to valuable for me to take out.  MAYBE for another 7 destiny, but I really cant think of any good ones.


Deck Types (Vs.)
Instead of boring you with what you already know, I will tell you what this deck has faced today.

Against QMC

This happened twice today, Once with Arcona’s, both times with Path Of Least Resistance.  In one game I just grabbed the Path (they can be retreived easily with CC Celebration) 

Against RST 

This one never got past him deploying LS, JK on the Back Door and he initiated 2 battles at the Bunker (LS draws 2 with that) with Corran Horn against Mara with Saber and again with someone I dont remember.  As he pulled but never deployed Madine or General Solo (could be wrong on the general though) But could be a tough matchup depending on the deck and player.


Well thats about it, I am taking it to another Tourney this next weekend to prove its mettle so only time will tell. CONSTRUCTIVE REVIEWS mean more to me than a decktech rating.  

Thanks for your time.

