---
layout: post
author: Alexandre "Lord Kenobi" Dufresne
title: 'The Generators Gone'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-09-17
description: ! 'This is a EP1 Tournament deck, so please consider that when reviewing this deck.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (9) 

We Just Lost The Hyperdrive Generator/ We Will Need A New One 
Tatooine Wattos Junkyard 
Tatooine City Outskirts 
Credits will Do Fine 
Podrace Prep 
Tatooine Podrace Arena 
Boonta Eve Podrace 
Anakins Podracer 
Brisky Morning Munchin 

Locations (9)

Coruscant 
Tatooine 
Tatooine Wattos Junkyard 
Tatooine City Outskirts 
Tatooine Slave Quarters 
Tatooine Mos Espa 
Tatooine Market Place 
Tatooine Podrace Arena 
Tatooine Mos Espa 

Characters (19)

Captain Panaka x2
Padame x2 
Qui- Gon x3 
Obi- Wan Kenobi, Pdawan Learner x2 
Shmi Skywalker 
Threepio with His Parts Showing 
Ric Olie 
Captain Madakor 
Lieutenant Williams 
Mas Ammedda 
Liana Merin
Horox Ryyder 
Seia Taria 
Tenadu Bendon 

Starships (2)

Radiant VII 
Queens Royal Starship 

Weapons (3)

Qui- Gons Lightsaber x2 
Panakas Blaster 

Effects (4) 

Security Control 
Brisky Morning Munchin 
Thrown Back 
Credits will Do Fine 

Interrupts (18)

Podrace Prep 
Control x3 
Alter x3 
Sense x3 
Mindful of the Future x2 
To Close for Comfort x3 
A Step Backwards x3

Epic Events (2)

Boonta Eve Podrace 
I Did It 

Podracers (1)

Anakins Podrace 

Objectives (1)

We Just Lost The Hyperdrive Generator/ We Will Need a New One 
'

Strategy: '

 
Update 


Take out Sai Taria 

Add in Senator Plapetine

I also noticed the deck list had only 59 cards, when I checked it over, the missing card is Jar Jar Binks.


End of update 

As I most people know how to use the objective, I see no need to explai nwhat it does. You start the usual stuff and podrace. You deploy your characters to Tatooine with 1 senator at each site, but deploy the senators aftre you flip. You then simply win the race, retrirve lots make your opponent loose 5 a turn from having the senators on Tatooine, and when he deploys to your sites, beat him up. You have all the extra copies of the mains in here in case some die. 

Here are some of the many ways to retrieve force. 

1. You win the race and retrieve 6

2. Use I Did It to retrieve 4

3. use Tatooine Market Place to retrieve 1 a turn

4. Use your objective to retrieve 1 force when you draw destiny. 

And here are some questions people may ask.

What if my opponent plays Destroyer Droids and Mauls? 

no problem, with all your characters in this deck, you should have no problem getting another one out should someone like Qui- Gon die. With your destinies, he will have to loose some of those destroyer droids to satisfy attrition.  

What about DS senators/ Naboo based decks? 

again no problem, as he can’t deploy to 2 planets and still be able to have a decent chance or keeping control of eith planet. If he deploys to his sites and just stays there, then deploy like mad to your sites and drain him like crazy, that will force him to come to your sites to stop the drains or else he will loose. As for his drains, you will have some retrieval which will help get back lost force and with all the force you will be making him llose, from drains and your objective, he will have no chance of beating oyu if he never comes to your sites. Most people will come to your sites eventually, but by then you will be ready for them. 

What about DS space? 

For the Closed Environment, the DS player just has the Trade Federation ships and Mauls ship, but none of them will stand a chance against your 2 ships and their pilots, unless he uses many many ships, then the big power total he would have would cause you some force lose. 

Why the Controls, Alters and Sense’s? 

They are just there to cancel the opponents effects, drains and interrupts. 

What if I loose the Race? 

no big deal, as your drains and other force loss that you inflict upon your opponent, will more than make up for it. Plus you still have 2 other forms of retrieval, your objective and the Tatooine Market. 

Thats about it, for all the cards I didn’t ,mention you should know what they, but if not email me and I will try and explain it to you. 

Please give me some good reviews and be sure to gove me ideas on how to improve this deck.

This is a EP1 Tournament deck, so keep that in mind when posting your review.         '