---
layout: post
author: ! John "Alpha Blue" Anderson
title: ! 'Onyx The Rock Hard Deck v 2.56'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-08
description: ! 'This deck uses great effects and interrupts to help out speeder bikes and their pilots. If your opponent attacks you on the ground react with your bikes and Tempest 1 for good power. If your opponent attacks in space they will die'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'



STARTING (9)

Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost
Endor
Endor Bunker
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Prepared Defenses
Combat Response
Mobilization Points
Power of the Hutt
Ephant Mon

CHARACTERS (13)

Baron Soontir Fel
Captain Yorr
Colonel Davod Jon
Colonel Jendon
Commander Igar
Corporal Drelosyn
Corporal Misk
Darth Vader with Lightsaber x2
Grand Moff Tarkin
Major Turr Phennir
Sergeant Barich
Sergeant Irol

STARSHIPS (9)

Boba Fett in Slave 1
Chimaera
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser x2
Onyx 1
Onyx 2
Saber 1
Saber 2
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

VEHICLES (5)

Speeder Bike x4
Tempest 1

WEAPONS (2)

SFS 9.3 x2

EFFECTS (7)

Battle Order
Lateral Damage
Ominous Rumors
Perimeter Patrol
Search and Destroy
Secret Plans
You Cannot Hide Forever

INTERRUPTS (9)

All Power to Weapons x3
Dark Maneuvers
I Can&#8217;t Shake Him
Imperial Barrier x2
Twi&#8217;lek Advisor
Watch Your Back

LOCATIONS (6)

Kashyyyk
Kessel
Sullust
Endor Back Door
Endor Dark Forest
Endor Forest Clearing




'

Strategy: '

Deploy ur speeder bikes and Tempest 1 to defend ur people on the ground, then grab ESB first, then OR because you don’t wanta spread out too thin.drain in space and ground to kill them. you should get huge drains with esb and or.  Use COmbat response to pull ur ties. drain in space and ground to kill them. you should get huge drains with esb and or. use power of the hutt to grab ephant mon on ur first turn, to solidify perimeter patrol. use mob points to get the extra activation. make good use of secret plans and search and destroy i cant shake him and watch ur back. use ychf and twilek advisor to get out per. patrol.

matchups

Swarms- Match them up. Force drain on the ground or go after them on the ground because most swarms (except maybe hidden base) have some kinda small ground help.

Profit-Go after them on and kill Han asap to flip the objective back. Your space drains will hurt them bad I believe

Agents- Your drains will be matched up by their drains. It will be close. You can put your characters on the ground her and there if they don&#8217;t think you have any. Save them up for a massive beatdown. Your space drains will go untouched usually.


TIGIH- Get Vader to Luke and hold him steady. Don&#8217;t lose battles. I know it is easier said than done, but your main objective in this deck is to overpower and then force drain. If you lose, you may lose the game. Beat them down




'