---
layout: post
author: ! John "1ManScanCrew" Camp
title: ! "MWYHL Pile (little kid style)"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-22
description: ! 'Lots of really good cards and easy generation.  It should be able to react to many different archetypes, and has much replacable tech for meta decisions.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective
MWYHL		

Locations (8)	
Dagobah 		
Dag Yoda&#8217;s Hut
Dag Training Area
Dag Swamp
Tat DB 94
CC Platform 327 (DB)
H1 DB
Kessel

Effects (15)	
Insurrection		
Squadron Asign.		
Aim High		
Draw Their Fire		
Anger, Fear, & Aggr.  x2		
Stone Pile x2
Legendary Starfighter
Uncontrollable Fury
Advantage
Goo Nee Tay
Ounee Ta
Undercover
What Trying to Push?
I Hope She&#8217;s All Right

Characters (16)
Yoda
Obi-Wan Kenobi
Ben Kenobi
Obi-Wan w/ LS
Jedi Luke  x2
Luke w/ LS
Leia w/ Blaster
Capt. Han
Han w/ Blaster
Chewie w/ Blaster
Lando w/ Vibro
Wedge Antilles, RSL
Corran Horn
Lt. Bount 
Dash Rendar

Weapons (2)
Obi Wan&#8217;s LS
Luke&#8217;s LS

Starships(3)	
Millennium Falcon
Pulsar Skate
Outrider

Interrupts(13)	
Heading&#8230; Frigate	(S)
Lost in the Wilderness
I Know
Jedi Presence
Gift of the Mentor
On the Edge x2
Off the Edge  		
Out of Commission/ TT x2
Houjixx / Out of Nowhere
Sorry&#8230;/ Blaster Proficiency
Rebel Barrier

Jedi Tests	
Great Warrior (#1)
'

Strategy: '

Issues (this is posted in the hope of getting input… here are some things I might like input on, other input is	of course also welcome)

1)  Where’s Mirax Terrik?  Ans she should be in there... or maybe even just a traffic control... please help	me decide.  Cards getting stuffed in hand hasn’t been a problem, but she (or TC) could also help in Edge tracking (though it ain’t that tough without out ’em).  Any suggestions on what to do, or	what to take out?

2)  Why so much only occasionally useful tech (legendary... advantage...; Ounee Ta... etc.)?  Ans Because	you lose cards.  It’s easy to lose what won’t be useful.  An extra Rebel Barrier is no more useful	than Ounee Ta when it’s in your lost pile, but in that one game against ROPs...

3)  Stone Piles?  Ans  Yes, stone piles.  Maybe you do end up stacking crap.  But, you KNOW when they just drew for something specific, and, again, this could be a game breaker.  Or you play them when opponent’s hand is already low, making it a hand of zero... this gives you a ”free” turn to	spread and drain, etc.  Worse case,  two cards for one is never that bad.

4)  Where are your Cruisers?  Ans.  Deckspace casualties.  I’m not looking to own space, just maybe hold	kessel for a few key turns, or set-up that game breaking Legendary starfighter.  Thus the matching decision. 

5)  Advantage? Man, what’s up with that?  Ans  I don’t know either, it’s a new addition.  I think it has the personality of a card that could make all the difference, but I have doubts.  PLEASE let me know how it’s worked for you and what you think.

6)  Lt. Blount... I Hope She’s All Right?  Dude, you already explained all the ”bullet” type stuff, but come on   Ans  I am expecting at least two big blue decks (one of which is ISB with walkers and ORS, and is VERY strong) and at lest two tie decks at the next tournament.  These selections are ”meta”  based, and are replacing Tycho and ship. 

Deck Explanation (for newish people who are misguided enough to read my deck for ideas)


	Generation is quick and easy.  Starting with Dagobah and Insurrection allows the pulling of both a Dagobah site and a docking bay each turn while setting up.  Yoda should usually go to his hut first turn.  This is extra generation, and it is attrition -2 everywhere.
	If you are playing a deck you fear has strong draining potential based on modifiers (dark deal, overseeing it personally, even big blue w/ Chiranau, etc.) then training Corran Horn or Leia isn’  a bad idea (3 sites, yoda, 4 ability.. you need to draw a 5; and remember you only draw one).  Otherwise, save your character and lose the test.
	The idea behind this deck is to react to your opponent.  It is a fairly new style to me, though very classic, and I am finding it very fun.  Tons of cards are included as game breakers.  One battle can win you the game... either through huge damage, or through allowing you to deploy legendary starfighter or advantage.  This deck has plenty of big, useful, and somewhat easy combos  Wedge and Corran (or Tycho if you go with the already mentioned alternate design) cancel a destiny.  Capt. Han on Falcon with Leia equals 3 destiny.  I Know can even be played to deploy her there for free from hand OR reserve as a react.  Speaking of I Know, there are three big cards to consider holding on to for that big ambush  I Know, Jedi Presense, and Gift of the Mentor all help tip the scales your way every now and then.  Whenever possible, lay down that leg. starfighter or advantage.  If you keep it up for a while (running to Dagobah, or H1 DB help here), they become huge.
	The retreival is based on On/ Off the Edge.  These cards aren’t  disgusting or anything, but you should always be able to pull of 8-12 cards or so if you are concentrating.  If you pull a 5 or something for some random destiny, remember that and play Edge when it comes back to the top.  Out of Commision/ TT tracks anytime if you feel like doing that.  And once you retrieve one time, remember when a big destiny joins your used pile so you can draw it for your NEXT edge.
	Remember to react to your opponent.  Save force and wait for battles when you need to... drain at CC and Tatooine with sabers when you need to... drain at Kessel when you need to.  Especially with a deck like this, the more star wars you play, the better you will be at recognizing the correct game plans.  

Thanks for reading, and thanks even more for reviewing,

-John

'