---
layout: post
author: ! Stephen "Texan" Beckham
title: ! "Santa Anna and his Army"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-29
description: ! "This is my undefeated Hunt Down in tournament play.  Came close by winning by one card, but it is still a win.  Has dueling capability but is mostly a battling Hunt Down"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
Hunt Down
Epic Duel
Visage of Emperor
Executor Med Chamber
Executor Holotheater
Prepared Defenses
IAO
Mob Points
To be decided with game

Locations (4)
Rendili
Executor Docking Bay
Death Star DB
Cloud City DB

Characters (19)
Lord Vader x 2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x2
Darth Vader
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Mara Jade x2
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle
Emperor Palpatine
Janus Greejatus
Sim Aloo
Dr. Evazan
Commander Igar
IG88 w/ gun
4Lom w/gun
Prince Xixor
Captain Sarkil

Starships (5)
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Chimaera
Dominator
Dengar in Punishing One

Weapons (3)
Vader’s Lightsaber
Darth Vader&#8217;s Lightsaber
Mara&#8217;s Stick

Vehicles (2)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Interrupts (10)
The Circle Is Now Complete
Imperial Barrier x 2
Vader’s Obsession
Focused Attack
Twi&#8217;lek Advisor
Masterful Move x 2
Operational as Planned x 2

Effects (9)
Secret Plans
Disarmed
There’ll Be Hell To Pay
There is no Try/Oppressive Enforcement
Visage of the Emperor
Search & Destroy
No Escape
Blast Door Controls
Resistance
'

Strategy: '

Good old Hunt Down.  This, in case you haven&#8217;t noticed focuses more on the power and strength of the dark side&#8217;s army then on the power of Visage.  I love Visage, but it is not a must.  Your main objective is to get down Vader first turn to the Death Star Docking Bay, flip the objective and make the light side start suffering from having to look at that wrinkly old man.  First turn you also want to pull the Rendilli for the activation and for the battleground.  First light side turn they will probably pull Honor and if they do that, next turn spread to the Death Star Docking bay, cloud city docking bay and Rendilli to cover your sites, or try and find No Escape.  Go where they are and force drain them on their own turf.  Mara and Sarkli can get places others can&#8217;t which helps out a lot.  When the time comes, track the needed destiny to convert Luke, who will be a very powerful ally.  If you can convert Luke and circle Obi at least once each, you have won the game nine times out of ten.  The only card I truly want to add is another Visage, which I may drop a GMT for.

Why no Ephant?
Well that requires him and Power of the Hutt to be effective.  I just don&#8217;t want to use the space to prevent something that won&#8217;t ruin my game.  If they do send Corran, Boush or whoever, beat the hell outta them.

Card that Are Suspect.
Prince Xixor- Just don&#8217;t keep him with Vader.  Is that hard to comprehend, no.  He kicks some serious @#$% when used correctly.
Captain Sarkli- Forfiet +2 with IAO.  Adds some to my Walkers to make sure they have a destiny and is a spy.  Also, he cancels activation at places like Home OneDB, Chirpa&#8217;s Hut etc.
Dominator- Adds to my space power and I can retrieve it with Rendilli.	If they force drain you, drop it and retrieve it.
Darth Vader&#8217;s Lightsaber- Just in case you have tracked a Visage and Masterful move and Operational As Planned.  You play focused attack and if they are using Ben or Jedi Luke, you can add to them just to make sure.
Blast Door Controls- Gamers around here love their barriers and such.  Gotta hate them in a battling deck so I fixed it
Resistance- God card, people just don&#8217;t realize it.  Keeps huge drains and numbers down, which is better in my opinion than having to have decree and YCHF.


As far as match-ups, they don&#8217;t change much.	If they are going to retrieve, start Secret Plans.  If they are going to drain and insert, start Resistance.  Go where ever they are going and battle and force drain them on their own turf.	This will force them to bring out Luke and Ben and at that point you duel them and win the game.
'