---
author: Thomas "COTEB" Dowling
title: 'Podprofit-How COTEB Screwed it up'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-08-20
description: 'Went 5-1 in Montreal (Warm up + DPC) lost to Chris Terwilliger'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting

Profit/Be Destroyed
Tatooine JP
Tatooine AC
Han w/ Blaster

Podrace Prep
Tatooine Podrace Arena
Boonta Eve Podrace
Anakin’s Podracer


Locations (4)
Hoth War Room
Home 1 War Room
Yoda’s Hut
Rendevous Point

Characters (12)

Boushh
Corran Horn
Han w/ Blaster
Lando w/Blaster
Lando w/ Axe
Luke w/ Saber x2
Master Qui Gon
Obi w/ Saber x 2
Qui Gon Jinn
Naked Threepio

Ships (1)
R2 in Red 5

Weapons (1) 
Qui Gon’s Stick

Epic Events
I Did It

Effects (4)
Battle Plan/DTF combo
goo nee tay
Honour of the jedi
I hope she’s alright

Interrupts (29)
A Jedi’s Resiliance x 2
Alter
A Step Backwards x 3
Double Agent x 2
Gift Of The Mentor
Jedi Escape x 2
On The Edge
OOC/TT x 2
Rebel Barrier
Run Luke Run
Sense x 2
Sense/Recoil in Fear
Shocking/Grimtash
Bith Shuffle/Desperate x2
Too Close for Comfort x 2
Tunnel Vision x3
Weapon Levitation
We’re Doomed 

Strategy: 

Well I made about 9 card changes from Martin Akesson’s pre coruscant version.

Now some of the cards as to why they are in the deck is explained in his and well i can’t say it much better than he can so if you need to check it out here I”ll explain some others
http://www.decktech.net/swccg/decks/light/lightdetail.php3?deck=18079

Why Lando with Gun? To be perfectly honest It was a Lando w/ Axe until the night before the DPC but Mike one of the guys i went with wanted to make a profit deck and the other one was his so.

Master Qui Gon
Well I see him more as an offensive Qui Gon figured I’d run into an AOTBS varient or some senate w/ Coruscant sites so he went in.

Battle Plan/DTF instead of just DTF like in Mart’s deck
Well in playtesting losing to DTF and FS became a problem for my differential and I only really wanted it for the use 1 force for the interrupt thing and BP is nice to have to slow your opponent down some.

I Hope She’s Alright
I was expecting space big time and I met up with it. The damage from this helped out alot

We’re Doomed
The card is amazing don’t even argue this one

Jedi Escape
I was scared of Hunt Down big time with this deck I figured this would be useful had Obi or Qui Gon got Dueled but it never happened (cept i got circled once against Ral Ops and didn’t have the card in my hand) 

Matchups

This all depends really on your playing style for most decks. I made the mistake of playing really defensively and waiting to flip until i’ve lost the force but flipping it gives them damage and the more damage you give the shorter the game and that 5 force is the 2 turns you didn’t wait and would of been damaged had you done nothing. So go for the quick flip.

 If they are playing Senate put Boushh there cause senate drains really hurt in the long run especially if there’s a POTF there. All of you screaming Honour.. read Tikkes

Hunt Down
Read my TR and do the opposite of what i did against Chris Twigg

Well that’s it I suppose if you give it a try good luck. Just remember 1 thing Threepio is a machine.

Oh yeah missed a thing in my TR
Props to Andrew Liu for helping run the thing

If you haven’t yet.. check out my TR

Tom COTEB Dowling    