---
author: jake "nueralinhibi" jones
title: the dark deal deck. period.
side: Dark
date: 2001-07-27
description: say goodbye to all you ever knew about dark deal. this deck uses radical new strategies to kick but. period.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

locations: 11
death star (starting)
detention block corridor
docking bay 327
bespin:cloud city
cloud city: interrogation room
carbonite chamber
security tower
dining room
port town district
east platform (docking bay)
jabbas palace: dungeon

effects: 10
visage of the emperor
bounty x2
all wrapped up
carbon freezing x3
dark deal
reactor terminal
the emperor’s prize

interrupts: 4
we have a prisoner
vader’s obsession
tentacle
twi’lek advisor

starships: 4
stinger
obsidian 8
obsidian 7
virago

weapons and devices: 10
mara jade’s lightsaber
feltipern trevagg’s stun rifle
intruder missle x7
carbonite chamber console

characters: 21
sergeant merril
ugnaught x3
boba fett (cc)
kitik keed’kak
danz borin
bossk with mortar gun
os-72-10
feltipern trevagg
admiral piett
guri
arica
it-0
djas puhr
dengar with blaster carbine
ig-88 with riot gun
4-lom with concussion rifle
bane malar
darth vader dark lord of the sith
dr. evazen and ponda boba 

Strategy: 

during the first few turns, all you want to do is draw force. only deploy non- battleground sites so that your opponent cannot force drain you or prevent you from accomplishing dark deal.  be extremely cautious about deploying any cloud city site until you can either hold the site or accomplish dark deal.  as high destinies are important to this deck, try and get a reactor terminal as quickly as you can. if you don’t get the dark deal in your first had then I would use the twi’lek advisor to get it out.  If you already have the dark deal the use it to get the reactor terminal out. once you accomplish dark deal, then continue cycling the high destinies back into your deck. if your opponent is stupid enough to deploy to cloud city then carbon freeze them (you have 3 so that’s 24 force - a major loss)  use the all wrapped up to capture all the forfeited characters.  if your opponent deploys a luke then use the emperor’s prize to cut their deck in half.
if you think that this deck is weak in space then  cosider this.  if you have obsidian 2 and virago piloted by ds 72 10 at bespin, cloud city.  that means your deploy is 7 , power is 11 and you draw 2 battle destinies.  that means that if you draw 2 7’s, then your power is 25!

