---
layout: post
author: ! Sherwin "darthsherwin" Doroudi
title: ! "Occupy That Dark City"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-26
description: ! "I just posted this deck a few hours before this one but it was not under my name for some reason (it was under --). This deck uses bounty hunters, uganaughts, pilots, saber-weilders, Star Destroyers, as well as Xizor and his HRD to defend the city."
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'STARTING (7) 
 This Deal is Getting Worse All The Time/Pray I Don&#8217;t Alter It Any Further 
 Cloud City Port Town District 
 Secret Plans 
 All Wrapped Up 
 Prepared Defenses 
 Combat Responses 
 I&#8217;m Sorry 

LOCATIONS (6) 
 Bespin 
 Bespin Cloud City 
 Cloud City Carbonite Chamber 
 Cloud City West Gallery 
 Cloud City East Platform (Docking Bay) 
 Cloud City Securtiy Tower 

CHARACTERS (21) 
 Darth Vader 
 Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith 
 Grand Moff Tarkin 
 Darth Maul 
 Mara Jade, The Emperor&#8217;s Hand 
 Prince Xizor 
 Guri 
 Grand Admiral Thrawn 
 Boba Fett 
 Bossk With Mortar Gun 
 Aurra Sing 
 4-LOM With Concussion Rifle 
 IG-88 With Riot Gun 
 Snoova 
 Ugloste 
 Uganaught x2 
 Major Turr Phennir 
 DS-181-3 
 DS-181-4 
 OS-72-10 

STARSHIPS (10) 
 Executor 
 Avenger 
 Devastator 
 Thunderflare 
 Bossk In Hound&#8217;s Tooth 
 Dengar In Punishing One 
 Saber 2 
 Saber 3 
 Saber 4 
 Obsidian 10 

INTERRUPTS (3) 
 Defensive Fire & Hutt Smooch 
 Sonic Bombardment 
 Hidden Weapons 

EFFECTS (7) 
 All Too Easy 
 Reactor Terminal 
 Dark Deal 
 Cloud City Occupation 
 We&#8217;re The Bait 
 Bounty x2 

PODRACERS (1) 
 Sebulba&#8217;s Podracer 

WEAPONS (4) 
 Vader&#8217;s Lightsaber 
 Maul&#8217;s Lightsaber 
 Mara Jade&#8217;s Lightsaber 
 Vibro-ax 

DEVICES (1) 
 Binders 



'

Strategy: '

-PLEADE IGNORE ALL SAME DECKS BEFORE THIS I accidently kept pressing enter.
First of all I posted this deck and for some reason it wasn’t under my name (it was under some blank name) so I reposted I also forgot to include some strategy notes.
     This deck tries to force drain heavily on Cloud City and also cause force loss with Cloud City Occupation. I just built this deck last night and only tested it twice and didn’t take it to a tournament yet but it won by 28-29 against the Hidden Base and Profit Decks I used it against. Anyway on first turn I pull out Carbonite Chamber and West Gallery (this considerably improves my force activation and is done using I’m Sorry, it is important to check they are in your deck using another searching card such as the objective first). If I have Securtiy Tower or East Platform I also deploy those (Security Tower can be searched for using Sonic Bombardment). Deploy Bespin and Bespin CLoud City as soon as you have them if you are in need of activation, keep them in your hand (and deploy them when you can defend them) if you are activating enough force or if your opponent seems to have many starships. Defend the Cloud City sector using your ties and their matching pilots (I don’t use that many bounty hunter ships because I use the bounty hunters themselves). For Defending the Bespin sytem just be sure you can draw battle destiny and have decent power (Thrawn in Executor or Executor and another starship works very well). After you flip your objective (or while you are trying to get it flipped) spread out on those sites as necessary. Try to get your imperials with your uganaughts for a +4 power and +4 attrition (this way you can draw a destiny of 1 and still surpass the immunity of many charachters). My starting location is Port Town Ditrict. This gives each player one force icon and each player a force drain +1. But one reason that it is worth it is because my aliens deploy -1 there and are power +1. I was also considering to take out the Cloud City docking bay and put in Mobilization Points (just for getting Executor out because I can deal with don’t do that again by putting a starship on Bespin) or Battle Order but I am not sure. Also this deck uses bounty hunting (it can capture in several ways such as All Wrapped Up, various weapons, and hidden weapons) for retrival and is assisted here and there by cards such as All to Easy. 

When playing against Hidden Base play as you normally would, if you think your opponent*s force drains (or force drain blocks) are getting out of hand probe using your estra ships (maybe your bounty hunter ships). 

When playing against Profit you can start with Mara Jade and with Snoova, they can both search for excellent weapons. The only problem is you are depriving yourself of characters that could be working on Cloud City sites. Your opponent might not get to retrieve force because of secret plans. If they set up tough drains on Tatooine you can Just set tougher Drains on Bespin. It might turn out to be a force drain race.

I have yet to play against other decks but I am looking forward to it.

I apoligize for all the inconveniences that occured because of my problems when posting this deck. It was originally posted under the name of Dark City Occupation. '