---
layout: post
author: ! Sam "AgentSD" Diamond
title: ! "WISOLEA AND HIS MAC 10"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-21
description: ! "This is a crazy cheese odds deck which is really gay but i guess it’s good."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
Profit By This or Balls
Tat JP
JP Audience Chamber
HFTMF
Insurrection
Uh Oh
Battle Plan
Han (The Jedi Pack one)

Locations (3)
Home 1 DB
Tat DB
Endor DB

Characters (14)
8D8 x3
Artoo x4
Wisolea x3
Luke Skywalker, JK x2
Obi Wan EPP x2

Starships (4)
Home One
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1
Spiral

Interrupts (18)
OOC/TT x2
A Few Maneuvers 
Throw Me Another Charge x2
Shocking Info
Free Ride
Surprise Assualt x3
Lost in the Wilderness x2
The Signal x3
You Will Take Me To Jabba Now
It’s a Trap x2

Effects (13)
Order to Engage
Bo Shuda
Never Tell me The Odds x4
Anger Fear Aggression x3
A Gift
Honor of the Jedi
Projection of a Skywalker x2




'

Strategy: '

PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE REVIEWING

Update Ok, I asked for people not to make half assed reviews.  Yet, as i expected people went ahead and wrote some of the dumbest garbage I’ve ever seen such as ”Crazy man Crazy”.  One person said that this deck has no way of doing damage other than OTE.  That is not true at all.  Surprise Assault does about 5 damage minimum when you set up the destinies by tracking.  If Odds is canceled then there is still AFA.  Don’t review dumb.

This is a really cheezy deck.  I admit that.  I would probably never bring it to a tournament because I have some pride.  However, it’s got potential, so rate accordingly.  

Here’s how the deck works.  You don’t need a lot of activation as you can see.  You pull your db’s and such and you set up Wisolea at the AC with Bo Shuda.  It can’t be canceled cuz of Uh Oh.  Wisolea is a crappy destiny 5 alien from premiere in case you didn’t know.  Artoo goes to the AC for A Gift.  8D8 can go wherever, keep him away from weapons to avoid sniper.  So you’ve got destiny 5, 5, and 6 characters out.  Do crazy damage with odds and AFA.  Stop drains with Battle Plan, A Gift, Projection, lost in the wilderness, and surprise assault.  Set up crazy Surprise assault destiny with recyclable 5’s and 6’s.  Free Han for 10 force retrieval only when necessary as he will lower the odds damage a few.  Honor of the Jedi is in there to stop Search and Destroy and Court because not all court decks play No Escape and lots of decks simply playing search and destroy won’t be playing no escape.  Use starships just primarily for beatdowns unless they start getting dumb with their ships and spreding out or something like that.  I know You Cannot Hide Forever screws over odds but maybe only 50% of decks play it and even against the ones that do play it I have plenty of other ways of doing damage like AFA and Surprise Assault.  Plus, there are lots and lots of defensive cards in this deck, you’ll notice, so it’s hard for them to hurt me.  Jedi Luke and Obi EPP are there for Hunt Down, BHBM, for doing a beatdown, and for freeing Han.  Here are some other card explanations

Order to Engage Ok you set up bo shuda at the audience chamber with Wisolea.  Then you send this down and unless they get out of there they lose 3 every turn.  This really hurts scum bad, real bad.  You get to cancel scum and you take away the stronghold of their deck.  

Free Ride Destiny 5 used interrupt, look at a random card in their hand.  I like.

You will take me to jabba now Destiny 5 used interrupt.  Deploy and alien to Audience chamber from reserve deck, so I get wisolea with it.  

It’s a trap Cancel sniper

The Signal Destiny 5 used interrupt, grab odds, AFA, all the amazing effects.

Here’s a few strategies against popular decks.  Anything I dont’ mention, just play with common sense.

Hunt Down Cancel visage with OOC/TT if you can. Throw down honor of the jedi just in case they actually aren’t playing no escape.  Only put out Luke Jedi Knight if you have obi wan epp to go with him.  Either send them down together for a beat down, or just run away from him to keep him flipped.  If he duels you might win because the destiny in this deck is insane.

BHBM Give him luke ASAP, play as normal.  You’ll win duel every time most likely.  

Scum Play as normal and throw down OTE to make him lose 3 unless he moves away letting you cancel scum and take away one of his drains and his stronghold.  Honor of the jedi against court unless you can get Luke and Obi down together safely.

So thats the deck.  I think it’s powerful.  As usual, I ask that you don’t make a half assed review.      
'