---
layout: post
author: ! chris "Austin316" morris
title: ! "Jedi Hunting Oz Style Mk2 Shine Baby Shine"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-10
description: ! "This is a pritty much stock standard Hunt Down for my reigon that i have refined for here its good and the foils are a great distraction."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Unknown Type 7

Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Executor Docking Bay
Executor Holotheatre (shiney)
Executor Meditation Chamber (shiney)
Kashyyyk (jap)
Sullust
Tatooine Docking Bay 94 (jap)

Characters  17

4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Commander Igar (shiney)
Darth Vader With Lightsaber (shiney)
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith x2 (shineys)
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Grand Moff Tarkin
Guri 
Lieutenant Arnet
Lieutenant Watts
Lord Vader (shiney)
Major Marquand
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand (shiney)
Prince Xizor
Sergeant Tarl (anti harvest tech)
Sim Aloo (shiney)
Snoova

Blue 8

Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1 (shiney)
Tempest Scout 2
Boba Fett In Slave I (shiney)
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth (shiney)
Chimaera (shiney)
Dengar In Punishing One (shiney)
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter (shiney)

Interupts 15

Abyssin Ornament & Wounded Wookie
Always Thinking With Your Stomach x2 (anoyance value)
Endor Occupation
Focused Attack x2
Masterful Move
Omni Box & It’s Worse
Prepared Defenses
The Circle Is Now Complete x2 (shineys)
Trample x2 (shineys)
Vader’s Obsession x2 (shineys)

Effects 7

Battle Order 
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
Reactor Terminal
Secret Plans
Visage Of The Emperor x2 (shineys)

Green Stuff 4

Mara Jade’s Lightsaber (shiney)
Vader’s Lightsaber x2 (shineys)
Vibro-Ax

Purple and Objective 2

Epic Duel (shiney)
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe (jumbo objective) '

Strategy: '

Just Cos it aint got its own meta post code dont discount this deck it is very viable and has served me well with victories over the top players in my local playing area they also are some of the top players in this counrty .


Okies well this is a easy deck to play starting stuff is Mobie point, Imppy Arrest order, and then either Battle plan or secret plans depending on the deck you face.


The basic idea is get the docking bays chuck Vader at endor and get em to come with either undercover spy or characters then slice and dice and walk away they soon realise it hurts to move from endor.

Use the Tempest Scout 1 & 2 to good use as they can react through docking bays to battles. Snoova is da @#$% along with 4lom and Igar with T1.

If you fear a big sky deck use dengar in P1 wisely and hurt em bad.

Dualing is a breeze with this deck i have not once lost a dual with this deck and tramples are fun on lil gumbies like blount chewie protector ect.....


Just be paitent and use sim aloo to your best advantage. Always thinking with your stomach is my personal favourite card the ls just hates there big bad boy with a stick missing from 1 silly card.

Ohh yeah and for those people with harvest problems like my area Sergeant Tarl is the @#$% destiny 3 and a stormtrooper to boot . SICK


This is a simple deck to use and it should work well in your area with a lil adjustment like  security precautions something special planed for them or a mandlorian armor for snoova just to give u 2 extra power.

OHHHHHH YEAH FOILS ARE A GREAT DISTRACTION FOR OPPONENT USE THEM TO YOUR ADVANTAGE 

Hope you enjoy the deck and dont cut it down cos i aint american or a top 100 player in the world it has held its own againeted the best in Australia.  '