---
layout: post
author: ! Zach "spirajira" Cute
title: ! "ÍMPË®ÏÅL ÇÖMMÁÑD¿"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-05-24
description: ! "endor ops massive drain imperial command"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'starting(8)
endor ops/whats this side do?
endor
endorbunker
endordocking bay
prepared defenses
power of the hut
IAO
mob. points

locations(5)
kashyyyk
fondor
sullust
D2docking bay
executordocking bay

characters(14)
Grand admiral thrawn x2
commander merrejk x2
U-3PO
arica
ephant mon
captain godherdt
captain sarkli
lord vader
admiral ozzel
admiral piett
admiral motti
admiral chiraneau

starships(11)
chimaerra x2
executor
devastator
death squadron star destroyer x3
avenger
thunderflare
dominator
vengance

interrupts(13)
ÍMPË®ÏÅL ÇÖMMÁÑD x5
twilker advisor x2
ghhhk/TRWEU x2
imperial barrier x2
control/SFS x2

effects(7)
somthing special planned for them
ominous rumors
POTF x2
oppresive enforcement
secret plans
lateral damage

AO(2)
were in attack position now x2 '

Strategy: '

response to reviews
yes u idiots, it doesnt drian for 15 by turn 2, it drains by 15 by turn 3-5, and when that hapens u win the game with yur drains.  and y add ground defence if it isnt a ground deck, all they can get is the docking bay, they cant even move into the bunker, u guys r such idiots with the ground defence stuff
§TRÅTËG¥
pull executor before u activate, and also pull piett with an imperial command before u activate. activate, take ominous rumors, deploy executor docking bay from reserve deck, deploy piett there, take merrejk if u dont have him. deploy him to executor with his pal piett and pull fondor.  if they gave u 2 force go ahead and deploy ominous but if not o well.  next turn get yur d/b and system out, and get a guy to the 2 non-battlegounds, deploy ephant mon to bunker, and draw.  this turn get executor with an admiral(pref chirineua) to fondor, and from then on start building out controling yur systems.  once u have hold of yur systems get maximum drains going and they cant stand it.  u r built to take anything they throw at u, this deck doesnt have retrieval, but not many ds decks these days do.  its pretty solid, can take most all decks.  yes MWYHL gives it trouble as far as canceling yur drain bonus’, but u still out power them and can still drain enough.  they cant take u in space, it will just be a long game of u slowly wearing them down cause the only thing they can do is come at yur endor d/b.  mains could be hard cause if its TRM it will choke u of force, and that can slow this down, but again, all they can do is drain a bit on ground while u just blow them away with frains in space.  HB flip with matching pilots should be easy cause they will rush flipping to cancel ur drains and u will probe and pick apart what they put in space.  Tigih will drain u a bit on ground and such, but u can still blow them away with ur drains in space, long game but u will come out on top with a better than decent differential.  well hope u liked it, it works well
spirajira
'