---
layout: post
author: ! Guillaume "Darthimore" Pachoud
title: ! 'Incom is far better than Sienar'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-09
description: ! 'A EBO deck with several ways to retrieve and some ground power to counter attack.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations (8)
Hoth  Main Power Generators
Hoth  North Ridge
Hoth  Echo Command Center (War Room)
Hoth  Echo Docking Bay
Hoth  Echo Corridor
Hoth
Kiffex
Kashyyyk

Characters (12)
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Chewie With Blaster Rifle
Lando With Vibro-Ax
Corporal Marmor
Figrin D’an
Yoxgit
Baragwin 3

Starships (12)
X-Wing 12

Weapons & Devices (6)
X-wing Laser Cannon 4
Portable Scanner
Landing Claw

Effects (11)
Aim High
Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice
Draw Their Fire
A New Secret Base
Echo Base Operations
Honor Of The Jedi
Rebel Fleet
Incom Corporation
Frozen Assets
Order To Engage
Ice Storm

Interrupts (9)
Heading For The Medical Frigate
The Signal 3
All Wings Report In
Organized Attack 3
Rebel Barrier

Admiral Orders (2)
Concentrate All Fire 2 '

Strategy: '

Starting 

Hoth  Main Power Generators
Hoth  North Ridge
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Aim High
Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice
Draw Their Fire

And search for A Nex Secret Base with a Signal ASAP (1st or 2nd turn usually).

--------------------------------------------------

This is a typical EBO deck whith Baragwins, and others ways to retrieve.


Ordinary I don’t like space decks because you don’t have enough ground power if you want to avoid direct damage (Visage, Court, S&D ...).
But Aim High is a key-card in this deck, since it allows you to clean a site with only 2 characters.
Indeed, when you have 2 Mains w/toys (except Obi), your total power is +5.
That’s great in a space deck which don’t have many slots for characters.
Moreover, it hurts Court, MKOS and TIE (which is a hard matchup for EBO).

--------------------------------------------------

GROUND 

You only have 6 "battle characters" so don’t waste them if don’t have Frozen Assets for a beatdown.
Try to have 2 weapons at a site for +5 power.
Lando is probably the best character in this deck because he can exclude someone to avoid opponent drawing destiny -> no attrition (and he’s a spy ).
You can even use Marmor for forfeit but it’s not why he’s here.
Baragwins, Yoxgit, Figrin and Marmor can occupy the 3 Echo sites to deploy EBO, and then they all have game text which retrieve force  that’s great against Visage, Court and S&D.
Baragwins retrieve the X-wing Cannons, then use the Portable Scanner to get them back to your hand next turn and ad libitum 
You can also play infinite Landing Claw on a Dreadnaught or a Star Destroyer full of admirals even if they cancel it with Captain Godhert.
Yoxgit is like a Baragwin, but you take the card into hand (deploy or lose again).
Figrin just retrieve. You should always win thanks to good destinies in this deck.
Last but not least, Marmor is a cool guy  power 3, ability 2, frofeit 4.
But his game text is really cool when opponent has no space (or when you have destroyed all his bouny hunter ships)  once per turn, deploy a X-wing to the DB and
retrieve one card, and move to the Hoth system (for free).
As you can see, Secret Plans won’t hurt retrieval in this deck since it’s "little retrieval" and it has high activation as well as low deploy (except the Mains).
If they play Imperial Decree, let them come to Hoth, then Barrier + Ice Storm, or save your Mains for beatdown (Remember the +1 power bonus for each X-wing on Hoth).
Honor is here in case they don’t play No Escape (more than you imagine) or if they have too much ground power and want to drain on Hoth.

--------------------------------------------------

SPACE 

This deck is made for space battles  very high power, immediatly destroy opponents starfighter (X-wing Cannons), and low deploy (1 force = 1 X-wing).
Watch the power bonuses  each X-wing is power 4 (Incom Corp), each is +1 (with Organized Attack), each one firing a cannon is +3 (Admiral Order),
total +3 (EBO), total +5 if you fire 2 cannons (Aim High).
Moreover you only need 2 X-wing to draw destiny thanks to Incom Corp.
The X-wing Laser Cannons are more than useful to get rid of bouny hunter ships (Zuckuss’s maneuver is 3, ah ah ), and Tie Interceptors (even Soontir Fel since you can redraw a weapon destiny thanks to the AO).
I put 2 AO because the only thing that can beat you in space are piloted TIEs with Fighters Coming In ; and it’s a destiny 6.
Use All Wings Report In carefuly, if you want to take a X-wing, because of There’ll Be Hell To Pay, or add another one (I just have one right now).

--------------------------------------------------

It’s time for Matchups 

HD 
Search for Honor ASAP (after ANSB of course) with Signals if he don’t play No Escape at start.
Otherwise, retrieve each turn with Baragwins.
Kill his ships, drain in space like a mad and cancel with Rebel Fleet

BHBM 
Same as HD, but deploy Luke AFTER Vader. If Vader isn’t on Hoth, deploy Luke at the 4th marker, so he would to have 2 Rise My Friend to go back to DS2 Throne Room.
If Vader deploys on Hoth, try to Barrier + Ice Storm (and look at the DS player, funny).

MKOS / Court 
NEVER deploys on Tatooine, put all your Mains at the North Ridge to avoid S&D and Battle Order.
Kill his ships (easy) and drain.
Use Baragwins + Yoxgit + Marmor to retrieve, because Rebel Fleet won’t work (Hutt Influence).
If he can’t battle you, he can’t retrieve, so S&V, First Strike, Bounty are useless.

Big Blue 
Rebel Fleet + infinite Landing Claw = 2 drains less.
Retrieve, drain, battle with Frozen Assets (try to retieve it every turn with Figrin or Marmor).

TIEs 
Aim High hurts terribly, since you don’t give your opponent much force.
Drain safely on Alderaan, take control of Wakeelmui, and use cannons.

--------------------------------------------------

Last Advice 
Don’t deploy your AO if you don’t have the 2 copies in hand against any deck which start with Combat Response.


Darthimore, Dark Lord Of The Fun (DDLOTF)
'