---
author: Eric "bounty22" Hunter
title: 'Wattomellon. Hunter style'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-09-02
description: 'Hunter as in Eric Hunter.this deck is toooo good.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

[7]
watto objective
Junkyard
mos espa
Prepared defenses
Wipe them out, all of them.
Allegations of curoption(new grabber)
Iao/secret plans

[16]
3 watto
2 epp vader
1 tat maul
1 p-59
1 xizor
1 dr.e and ponda
1 ozzel
2 televan koreyy
1 brangus
2 janus
1 arica

[4]
1 tempest scout 4
1 tempest scout 3
1 tempest scout 5
1 blizzard scout 1

[5]
1 bridge
1 executer db
1 death star db
2 hoth war room

[3]
1 zuckuss in boat
1 new executer
1 bosk in bus

[25]
3 trample
1 lost in the wilderness
1 watto chance cube
3 imperial barrier
2 projective telepathy
2 we must acelerate our plans
1 nemoidain advisor
1 omni boxand it’s worse
1 blst door controls
2 responsiblity of command
2 much anger in him
1 no escape
1 first strike
1 their is no try and opressive
1 ychforever
1 search and detroy
1 security percautions


Strategy: 

The wattomellon is what i like to call this deck. you have a simple game plan that must be followed.
1) first turn flip
2) draw and reinforce your dudes
3) set up the roc/much anger combo in your hand
4) aply beats or patch up any holes in your defense.
5) play the combo or drain them or whatever

sounds simple right? wrong. those steps don’t always go as planned. Cause it comes down to the draw. If you get the stuff to set up the combo faster you will do that sooner then lay the beats. bascily everything you draw will help you out. sometimes you may have vader and an at-st go trample and beat up. somtimes you will have maul unflip or take over a location. sometimes you will have a ship go in space and drain. basicly you play this deck agressivly. make opponent react to what your doing. this deck makes it so they can’t start anything up. they deploy in space you beat that up or combo them. they delpoy to ground, trample and beat them up. they try to take one of ur sites out, barrier or projective and turn the beatdown around.

card choices:
it’sworse combo-  well it’s worse, also i can shuffle there tracked deck.
2 janus- he is the man with wipe them out u can do it on ur turn, opponents then on ur turn.. just like threepio.. absoulet best charecter to flip with.
tramples-these help you control tatione, it wats wys up on the ground
walkers- goes with tramples and helps protect watto.

i tihnk that is it for cards... the most important part is next...match ups.

vs wys.
flip apply quick and constant damage.all wys have trouble with that. on top of that you trample the stuff on the ground, wys has trouble with that. on top of that you take away beggar in mor then 1 way, the dude that cancels it and wipe them out. on top of that you have the roc combo that wys has trouble against. how does wys beat this then?

vs hb x-wings.
no combo to be used, only quick damage, search and destroy and security percautions. they will bea taking 4 damage every turn from turn 2. then u will probe and then u will win.

vs hb matching.
ok you set up the roc combo in space while doing 4 damage a turn from turn 2. same deal as with x-wings except you can you the roc combo to beat them.

vs degabah racing mains.
you lose the race but iwpe them out alows you to still use barrier! ontop of that the fast damage and there inabilty to beat you down wil let u win. also ur grabber will grab there whatever. and 2 projectives stop the afa for a while. roc combo on the ground.

vs degbah direct damage.
grab there visord vision projective there afa, quick damage and abilty to barrier. on top of that trample undercover spies and beat them down if they come to u. roc combo on the ground.

vs hidden mains staging ares type deck.
barrier, trample, quick damage, roc combo, beats. the list goes on. also with janus u can track your watto’s incase they lise to put him in used. and if u say they will take janus out well they won’t if they also are taking watto out.

vs pod profit.
don’t let them flip, or if they do set the combo on han, or trample han. stops i did it. grab anything important they play. even with the damage they deal remember how much damage ur doing and u also are starting secret plans so that could hurt them.

any other questions just ask this deck is tight. i can’t think of anything  that will give it any big problems.


-erc hunter   