---
layout: post
author: ! Mason "Palleon" Johnson
title: ! "AITC Mains v.2.0"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-26
description: ! 'Revised AITC mains decks that is 6-0 so far in local tournament play.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

' Objective (1)
Agents In The Court/ The Other Side

Locations (10)
Dagobah Yodas Hut
Endor Chief Chirpas Hut
Home One War Room
Hoth Echo Command Center
Jabbas Palace Audience Chamber
Rendezvous Point
Tatooine Hutt Trade Route
Tatooine Jabbas Palace
Yavin 4 Massassi Headquarters
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room

Characters (17)
Captain Han Solo x2
Chewbacca, Protector
Lando With Vibro Ax x2
Leia With Blaster Rifle x2
Lieutenant Blount
Luke with Lightsaber x3
Dash Rendar
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber x3
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa

Starships (3)
Millennium Falcon x2
Home One
Outrider

Weapons (1)
Anakins Lightsaber


Interrupts (19)
Alter & Friendly Fire x3
Clash Of Sabers
Control & Tunnel Vision
Courage Of A Skywalker
Heading For The Medical Frigate
I Know
Out Of Commission & Transmission Terminated
Sense & Recoil in Fear x5
The Bith Shuffle & Desparate Reach
The Signal x2
Weapon Levitation x2

Effects (8)
Battle Plan
Draw Their Fire
Honor Of The Jedi
Sandwhirl x2
Whatre You Tryin To Push On Us?
Wise Advice
Your Insight Serves You Well



'

Strategy: '


edit The Basics The main plan is just to activate and prepare your forces and wait for an oppurtunity to take the foght to them. This deck is designed to combat MKOS or Court, but it can also do a number on Hunt down or BHBM.

Starting the Game Start Agents in the Court ant the Hutt Trade Route. Your other site will depend on your opponent. If you are playing against court always play Audience Chamber and if your playing MKOS usually Star Tatooine Jabbas Palace. Against everything else just start the Audience Chamber. Use your sandswirls to their best advatage in the desert and make them lose their character in the sand. Start Wise Advice against BHBM and use YISYW to pull the effect you need Battle plan, DTF, Etc. Battle plan is great to stop your opponent from draining early.

The Cards

Characters 17 is plenty to lay waste to any characters they throw at you. Most are mains use Captain Han Solo on the Falcon in space. Use Lando, luke, Chewie, Leia, and Obi-wan to crush them wherever they deploy, but if you can try to stay on Tatooine. No real tricks just raw power.

Locations Just a bunch of 2/0s these totally choke off opponents force. You will be activating as much as 10 more force then your opponent. Dont worry their are 10 of them you should draw at least one in your opening hand. Tracking is easy with this deck with all of the force you activate. You will kick in battles with trcked destinies.

Starships The Super Falcon, Home One , and Outrider. These are the most powerful ships in the rebel fleet. Dont worry about these.

Interrupts The main interrups of this mains deck are the SAC. Hey, you cant have a mains deck wihtout SAC. It really helps VS. BHBM. Control and Tunnel Vision is great to get the cards you need or cancel your sandswirls at the right time or just cancel a big force drain. Clash is great,
Gift of the Mentor is a monster against Court or MKOS. Use Weapon Lev. To steal their weapons and make them pay for it with yours. Bith shuffle their tracking and Signal for the right effects. These are the key to the deck.

Effects Battle Plan kills their early force drain and hurts them the entire game. Honor is Great against Hunt Down. Sandswirl is this decks main Tech. It can illiminate their character at just the right time. Use Wise advice against BHBMs SAC. You can trck your effects high destinies and destroy whats left of them.

Destiny You dont have to worry this deck has a truckload of high destinys and you can track like a champ with all this activation.

Decks Progress this deck is 12-0 at local tournaments most of the wins were against lower level players, but as you can tell thats not the reason its winning.

The Match Ups

VS. Court Start the AC and choke their force early. You will out activate your opponent by tons. Use your SAC to cancel their tricks and Take over the Court. Beat the down as often as possible.

VS. BHBM Sandswirl vadef if he comes down drain where you can on TAT early and make them use their SAC on things like Tunnel Vision. Then you will win the SAC war no problem. Just battle like a champ with your mains and you should prevail, but be careful.

VS. Endor Ops Infiltrate the bunker and rely on direct damage as well as drains. Use the falcon and Home One in space to drain and turn their fleet to dust. Not to Difficult. Watch For Thrawn on Chimera.

VS. Hunt Down Sandswirl your troubles away if vader comes to you. Use luke and Obi for suicide missions on Tatooine. A very tough game, but your superior activation will help greatly. Track your destinys and use Courage and SAC for dueling defense.

VS. MKOS Play smart just like Court just take over TAT Jabbas Palace and they should be so choked for force they wont have a chance.

VS. Tie Swarm Use the Falcon and Home One, and battle plan be careful and you can win.

VS. SYCFA Scum Watch for them converting your locations. Dont let them get S & V working and your mains should dominate.

Thanks for reding and Reviewing  '