---
layout: post
author: ! Hayes "Hayes" Hunter
title: ! 'Hayes HDADTJ SOLID'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-12-01
description: ! 'HDADTJ SOLID to the extreme.'
rating: 5.0
---
Cards: 

'Unknown Type
Carida 
Cloud City East Platform (Docking Bay) 
Death Star Docking Bay 327 
Executor Docking Bay 
Executor Holotheatre 
Executor Meditation Chamber 

Characters (18)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle  x2
Admiral Chiraneau 
Boba Fett, Bounty Hunter  x2
Darth Maul With Lightsaber  x3
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith  x2
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba 
Emperor Palpatine  x2
Grand Admiral Thrawn 
Grand Moff Tarkin 
Janus Greejatus 
Lord Vader  x2

Vehicles (1)
Blizzard 4 

Starships (4)
Chimaera  x2
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter  x2

Interrupts (17)
Evader & Monnok 
Force Field 
Ghhhk & Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us 
I Have You Now 
Imperial Command  x3
Imperial Supply  x2
Maul Strikes  x2
Prepared Defenses 
Sniper & Dark Strike 
We Must Accelerate Our Plans.  x2
Weapon Levitation 
You Are Beaten 

Effects (11)
Bad Feeling Have I  x2
Blast Door Controls 
Crush The Rebellion 
First Strike 
Imperial Arrest Order & Secret Plans 
Lateral Damage  x2
Mobilization Points 
No Escape 
Visage Of The Emperor 

Weapons (2)
Vader’s Lightsaber  x2

Unknown Type
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe 
'

Strategy: '

Damnit.  This is what I get for posting at 2am.  Ditch one We Must Accelerate Our Plans for Fear Is My Ally.  These are the shields I use  
 
A Useless Gesture
Allegations Of Corruption
Battle Order
Come Here You Big Coward
Do They Have A Code Clearance?
Fanfare
Resistance
We’ll Let Fate Decide, Huh?
You Cannot Hide Forever
You’ve Never Won A Race?
 

BTW, there are only 4 Vaders because Blizzard 4 is in the deck.

Adapted from my original HDADTJ SOLID (seen in my DPC Phoenix TR) by Brad Reinhold, this deck is 2 cards different from what Brad and I each used to finish top 8 with at FCon.  (The deck I played at FCon had a second Thrawn instead of Chiraneau, and IG-88 With Riot Gun instead of Janus.)

This deck is pure beats.  It absolutely walks all over anything that isn’t LSC (Light Side Combat) but that game is still winnable.  An excerpt from my (incomplete) FreedomCon TR

Semi Finals
HDADTJ Vs Martin Akesson’s LSC
My dark is a cinch to play against everything... except LSC.  What does LSC do?  It kills Dark Jedi-dependent Mains and Toys.  So what do you have to do to beat the deck if you are using Dark Jedi dependent Mains and Toys?  You can’t avoid them and drain, obviously, so you have to fight them.  But how do you do that when they can kill off one of your Jedi each of their move phases (if they are lucky)?  The key is to get 2 of your Dark Jedi to one of their sites so they can’t duel all of your fighting power off at once (allowing you to retaliate with substance).  

So here’s the ideal set up you get some activation going, then drop Maul and Vader and some fodder to where ever they are on Naboo, and cancel/prevent their anti battle stuff (Dodge, Barrier, Blast The Door, Kid, etc.) and do some battle damage, and lose your fodder.  

Here’s how it usually goes drop on them, and they Dodge away cause you can’t spend the entire game drawing for your cancel cards.  

It really doesn’t matter which way it goes, except you need to make sure 2 of your Jedi are alive on their turn.  With your Jedi on their sites they are forced to come at you since they can no longer drain, and this is where you lay the beats.  You can drop that Fett and whatever you’ve been holding in your hand and really do some damage.  Let them run away again, if they want.  You are now draining and they are not.  They are wasting cards to run away and you are not, and you can keep deploying Jedi to keep pace with whomever they duel off.  Sooner or later, however, you will get some nice destiny tracked so you won’t have to keep losing your character though.  So you’ll win.

Anyway, here’s the jist of my game with Martin
I start No Escape over Crush cause Honor rapes.
Get Carida, activate, search for DB, Accelerate for BFHI and play it, then drop Palp to the Holotheatre.
We lose to Visage.
He gets the JCC out and draws.
We lose to Visage.
I drop ZiMH to Carida and draw.
We lose to Visage.
He gets out Threepio and draws.
We lose to Visage.
He plays the Battle Plan Shield, I pay to drain, then draw.
We lose to Visage.
He gets out Qui with his destiny 5 stick and draws.
We lose to Visage.
We fight some or something, and, you guessed it, lose to Visage.

I pay to drain again and draw my twelfth card.  I now have 2 Mauls in hand (no other doubles mind you, I was checking my deck every turn with Palp to make sure I didn’t draw any doubles of Vader or whatever) and now we have to lose to Visage.  I see that the top card of my deck is foil (I don’t own/use any foils, so any foil in the deck has to be a Maul).  I decided to lose the Maul off the top of my deck instead of one from hand, and he loses something.  Then on his turn he Grimtaash’s me for the other 2 Mauls, and I lose the game.

Had I not been greedy I very well could have won the game, and gotten myself into the finals (and I really liked how my decks matched up against Bastian’s).  But I didn’t.  It was a pleasure playing you, Martin, and I congratulate you for playing flawlessly (or for at least not making any mistakes that I could take advantage of).  
FL –12

Highs  Losing to one of the best in the world.
Lows  Coming ever so close, and not accomplishing my goal.  Here’s to hoping there’s a next year.
 

I must have drained about 10 times at Carida that game, so basically the Chiraneau is there to make that drain game-winning.  Janus is a much needed addition to help set up destinies to ensure I don’t lose any LC by 5 or more.

The TR, which explains why I switched from SOLID Senate to HDADTJ last minute and why I wasn’t using Chiraneau or Janus, will be up in the next 2 weeks.  It’s final time now, and I have 3 papers due by December 5th, then I have 3 final exams.  Ick.

Oh yeah, I’ve also discovered the LotR TCG.  It’s actually pretty cool and I enjoy it, so in the event that Decipher loses the license, I may play that.  Right now, it’s just a good way for me to unwind.  It reminds me very much of some old skool hackneyed RPG (You know the type the classic Medieval setting, Wizards, Rangers, Goblins, Orcs, and Elfs and such.) transformed into card form.  Of course, given that the game was just created the number of effective strategies out there is limited, but it’s a dramatic improvement compared to when Premiere came out and all you saw was mains and destiny adders and SA.  Starters are all fixed (except for the 3 rares) and play very well right out of the box, so I highly recommend that you pick up two just to learn.

That’s it.

-Hayes ”Hayes” Hunter       '