---
layout: post
author: Chris "vader69" Seymour
title: 'maul chillin at the pimp`s house'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-10-24
description: 'tatooine mains with maul and drain at jabba`s palace'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

starting (3)
tatooine: maul`s landing site
combat readiness
tatooine: jabba`s palace

characters (23)
darth maul x2 
darth maul young apprentice x2
lord vader
darth vader dark lord of the sith
emperor palpatine x2
mara jade x2
snoova 
prince xizor
grand moff tarkin
grand admiral thrawn
gallid
janus greejatus
mighty jabba
boelo
umpass stay
djas puhr
keder the black
guri 

starships (3)
chimaira
bossk in hounds tooth
zuckuss in mist hunter

weapons (3)
vader`s lightsaber
maras saber
vibro ax

locations (4)
jabbas palace: audience chamber
jabbas palace: lower passages
dagobah cave
blockade bridge

effects (9)
presence of the force x2
expand the empire
hutt influence x2
power of the hutt
there is no try/oppresive enforcement
imperial arrest order/secret plans
bad feeling have i

interrupts (15)
scanning crew x4
imperial barrier x3
you are beaten x2
maul strikes x2
force lightning
i have you now 
twi`lek advisor 
we must accelerate our plans


Strategy: 

this is my attempt at tatooine mains and draining at jabbas palace.

first turn pull audience chamber and deploy any other sites for activation and either deploy charcters or just draw or save up. hopefuuly have a maul first turn for backup for other charcters and use stuff like imperial barrier to stop beatdowns.

after that get expand the empire on audience chamber deploy 3 aliens and get hutt influence out- you`ve got a twilek and we must accelerate our plans so then they can`t cancel force drain or modify it in any way. audience chamber game text deploy GALLID.

you`ve lightsabers and presences and gallid to enhance your force drains and they can`t cancel them. start play scanning crew to slow them down and a peek at thier hand.

you are beaten to exclude a chracter, maul strikes for adding battle destiny or to get a lightsaber . you`ve got space power and beat them down.

against wys
get maul straightaway and start deploying aliens and charcters. cards like imperial barrier and you are beaten will hurt them. guri stops all the adding battle destiny cards and the objective.
try to kick them off in space.

against hb or ebo
setup up as fast as possible, if you fear beatdown get interrupts to hand, if not deploy and force drain them to death and you`ve get some space to kick them off.

against profit
deploy mara jade and snoova to audience chamber using their objective, deploy weapons on them then their stuffed. cards like you are beaten and imperial barrier hurts them. get secret plans asap.

there is good in him
simple, setup up as fast as posssible, use scanning crew to delay madine and solo and drain them out really quickly and keder the black to cancel one of their force drains. 