---
layout: post
author: Adam "ADrake" Drake
title: 'Drakes Watch Your Step- Atlanta Style'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-15
description: ! 'Utilizes the new objective to create massive force retrieval, opportunistic battles, and a massive force drain at Kessel and the Cantina.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Watch Your Step/TPCBALR
Tatooine
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine DB 94
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Your Insights Serve You Well
Squadron Assignments
Do Or Do Not/Wise Advice

Locations
Corellia
Kessel

Characters
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout x2
Capt. Han Solo
Han w/Gun
Wedge Antilles x2
Artoo and Threepio x2
LEEBO x2
Dash Rendar
Talon Karrde
Chewie w/Gun
Melas
Mirax Terrik
Lando w/Gun

Starships
Millenium Falcon x2
Red Squadron 1
Pulsar Skate
Outrider

Weapons
Anakins Saber
Lukes Saber

Interrupts
Control/Tunnel Vision x3
Out of Commission/Trans. Term. x3
Houjix/Out of Nowhere x2
Artoo, I Have A Bad Feeling... x2
The Signal x2
Hyper Escape x2
Punch It x2
Rebel Barrier
Life Debt

Effects
Kessel Run x4
What’re You Tryin’ To Push... x2
Battle Plan

Admirals Orders
I’ll Take The Leader

'

Strategy: '

*UPDATE* Wow, some people just do not look at some cards in a deck when reviewing it... ”rogue 9” I know that R2/3PO can be battled, but LOOK at ”Artoo, I HAve A Bad Feeling About This” HELLO??? CANCEL DESTINY Oh, BTW, anyone who thinks this objective sucks, never turned it to the ”7” side... 2 destiny when 2 smugglers are together, reuse interrupts from your Lost Pile... Geez guys, read the cards before you review it. I know this deck has potential problems, but what deck doesn’t. I have beaten BHBM with this deck already, so do not say it is auto lose...

The strategy behind this deck is fairly simple. Grab Kessel and Corellia out of your reserve deck, put R2/3PO and Leebo on the Falcon, do 2 Kessel Runs, flip. BAM

This deck is extremely versatile... If the DS is playing ground... deploy your big guns (Luke, Han, Chewie, and Lando) on the ground. Keep doing Kessel Runs, and use the recursive abilities of the objective (Use Interrupts from Lost Pile) to add massive destiny. BTW, the destinies in this deck are INSANE There are 11 or 12 fives, and tracking should not be a problem. I know that there are some problems here with certain decks, but if they are played in your area, replace cards that do not work for you... For example, if Hunt Down is prevalent in your area, replace one Wedge and a Hyper Escape for 2 Run,Luke,Runs... and so on. Like I said, this deck is extremely versatile.

Any questions? Dmail me...   '