---
layout: post
author: ! Ryan "Dooger511" Fugett
title: ! "Doogers EBO v2 0"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-31
description: ! 'A revision to my old deck. A lot better and is fun to play with.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (4)
Hoth Main Power Generators
Hoth North Ridge
The Signal
A New Secret Base

Locations (6)
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Corridor
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Hoth
Kiffex
Kashyyyk

Characters (8)
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Luke With Lightsaber
Commander Wedge Antilles
Zev Senesca
Arcona
Figrin Dan
Boushh
TK-422

Starships (14)
Home One
Spiral
Lando In Millenium Falcon
X-wing x11

Effects (11)
Echo Base Operations
Echo Base Garrison
Incom Corporation x2
Rebel Fleet
Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice
Legendary Starfighter
Ice Storm
Yarna dal Gargan
Projections Of A Skywalker x2

Interupts (15)
Organized Attack x3
All Wings Report In x2
The Signal x2
Out of Commission & Transmission Terminated x2
Out Of Nowhere
Rebel Barrier
Power Pivot
Losing Track
On The Edge
Houjix & Out Of Nowhere

Weapons (2)
X-wing Laser Cannon x2
'

Strategy: '

This is a solid EBO deck that uses ANSB and EBG to set up EBO fast. One this is set up I hit the opponent with huge drains and I have many wasy to cancle their drains via Rebel Fleet, Boushh, TK-422, and Projection. 

Strategy is really easy, get EBO set up and just drain your opponent to death. If they try and invade Hoth, Luke, Obi-Wan, Rebel Barrier, and Icestorm are great protection against the darkside. Once EBO is rolling it won*t really matter if they come to Hoth or not. It will take your opponent 5+ turns just to cancle EBO, by then the drains in space will have become to much for them. Nobody has ever cancled EBO on me and it wouldn*t concern me too much if they do.

Incom Corp is great. It lets me set up space faster and easier. Once space is set up this deck has many ways of defending itself like, Organized Attack, Out Of Nowhere, and Houjix for that one battle. This deck is very powerful in space and has a few ways of retrieving. Here is a basic rundown of how I play this deck.

Early Game
Pull 2 Echo sites before I activate so I know that I have them. If I have EBG in hand deploy that and get Zev or Wedge. I usually pick up or deploy a scrub to one of the Echo sites. Next turn grab a site and EBG if not in hand or on table, if it is a grab EBO. Once EBO is set up, got to space. 

Mid Game
Start hitting them with major drains and cancle theirs with the spies, Projection, and Rebel Fleet. Send Luke and Obi-Wan out to kill any annoying guys at a site. Stick Arcona out at the 4th Marker to drain and satisfy Battle Order or S&D if out on table, but maker sure you have a Houjix incase they sense your react.

Late Game
Continue draining and canceling their drains. When the game gets close to an end retrieve force with All Wings and On The Edge. Should just be a drain race until you win. -)

I like playing this deck more then any of my other light decks. Its fun to play with and it has more wins then loses for me.

Thanks for reading.

Ryan '