---
layout: post
author: ! Martin "Mart" Akesson
title: ! "Steken (the steak)"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-05-20
description: ! 'This deck went 4-0 in the swedish championships and is the reason i won it. never beaten in tournaments'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Carbon Chamber Testing/bla

CCsecurity tower
CCcarboninte chamber
CCdocking bay
Tatooine docking bay
jp audience chamber
Carida

tempest scout 4
blizzard scout 1
zuckuss in mist hunter
bossk in hounds tooth 
ig-88 in ig2000

Jabbas prize
DVDLOTS X2
Darth Vader
vader with saber
Mara Jade
Emperor palpatine X3
janus grejatus X2
mighty jabba
prince xizor
Tarkin X2
IG88 with gun
4LOM with gun
Lando Carlrissian
Dr. E & Ponda B

Vaders lightsaber x2
mara jades lightsaber
Carbon chamber console

mobilization points
you cannot hide forever
search and destroy
crush the rebellion
secret plans
blast door controls
first strike

set for stun
masterful move
ghhhk
omnibox& its worse
force lightning
opperational as planned X2
I have you now X2
evader & monnok
trample X2
prepared defenses
you are beaten X2
suprise assault
dark maneuvers
sense '

Strategy: '

This is the deck i’ve been since reflections, though i didnt really take it searious until the a few weeks ago when i tested it in texas. I wanted to make a dark side mains&toys deck. I choose CCT as a platform for the reasons that it takes Han (and often Lando) away from your opponent. It also lets you get some good sites (i dont have to use arrest order to get my activation going, so i can start with one extra effect). It is unaffected by a flipped WYS since the only non battleground i have is the security tower. early pressure, lots of activation, high destinys and beatdown are the keys to winning with this deck. 

Always start mobilization points and crush the rebellion. third effect is you cannot hide forever (to get search and destroy) or secret plans.

-set up emperor and janus at one docking bay for activation and destiny tracking. i have you now saves you from beatdowns.

-you shall attack, not be attacked with this deck. This is why i dont use hunt down or bring him before, because those decks aren’t very functional without vader on table. i want vader for beatdowns. without han or lando, the characters they have to rely on are luke and obi, and this deck runs double i have you nows.

-the at-st’s are there for tramples, imunity to fallen portal, to protect lando from replacement and your other characters from weapons when needed. since i have only ability 3 or more pilots i use the walkers with the highest destinys. If you draw one in your starting hand, deploy it to a dockingbay along with lando (who you pull from reserve).

-dont try to move Han to flip, he will just get rescued somewhere along the way.

-the starships are in the deck for hit and die purposes, or a possible beatdown with set for stun and multiple destinys, or to satisfy battleorder in late game.

-this deck has many ways of removing characters (set for stun, choke, trample, force lightning, you are beaten, IG88, dr. E). use them wisely and batteling on sites wont be a problem

-tarkin cancels fallen portal destinys.



Hidden base

start secret plans as third effect. any kind of hidden base is to slow to survive without retrieval. If it is a hidden base deck based in space, spread and drain, get search and destroy. Set up your destinys and win by suprise assault (against swarms) or a beatdown if you can. you will hit them hard from the beginning, and once they flip they shoulndt be able to keep up. Hidden base decks also have to deploy lots of cards -  you dont.

WYS

start secret plans. without Han, their second biggest character is gone. the german beatdown WYS will not work. Deploy Lando to the prison and they wont be able to deploy him either(WYS should not run any spies) (ps. so what if he gets replaced, it stills limits him to deploying him there. My lando wont get beaten, but his probably will and that is the point of having him there). Left they have luke and a few miniors; use i have you now to clear the ground and drain him in the cantina and in the dockingbays. if he commes to space, let him. if he is at kessel (with outrider), deploy to tatooine. he cant beat your ships without the outrider. WYS is not a problem if you play your cards correctly.

ANSB

start you cannot hide forever. just spread and drain, deploy search and destroy and have in mind that he might deploy to 4th marker to satisfy search and destroy. keep vader in your hand as long as you feel you will use him for a beatdown. Hit and die attacks in space. 

mains.

start secret plans. keep one docking bay with emperor, janus and some other guys for activation and forcedrain. hit them with vader and tracked destinys, possibly suprise assault if they stay togeather.

Dagobah

start you cannot hide forever. set up quick and then pull your guys togeather so they will stay with search and destroy working. trample eventual undercovers away.

scout decks

your tramples and choke vader will rule. start secret plans. you will not have any problems winning against those small scouts.

profit

flip your objective, deploy jabba and xizor, deploy some other guys to protect them. Retrieve one force per turn.. if you dont have anything to retrieve, play monnok lost first. drain at jabbas palace with vader and he will do nothing.

other decks i forgot

use your imagination.

have fun, for another week or two

/Martin Akesson
4th time world finalist

'