---
layout: post
author: ! Mason "Palleon" Johnson
title: ! "The Eternal Flame"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-05
description: ! "The Eternal Flame that never dies it just wins"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(6)
Quiet Mining Colony / Independent Operation
Bespin
Cloud City Guest Quarters
Keeping The Empire Out Forever
Squadron Assignments
Your Insigt Serves You Well

Characters(18)
Luke with Lightsaber x2
Obi-wan with Lightsaber x2
Leia with Blaster Rifle x2
Han with Heavy Blaster Pistol 
Captain Han Solo
Wedge Antillies, Rouge Squadron Leader
Lando with Blaster Pistol
Dash Rendar
Qui-Gon Jinn
Tawss Khaa
Elyhek Rue
Ten Numb
Corran Horn
Yoxgit
Pucumir Thryss

Starships(5)
Millenium Falcon
Outrider
Blue Squadron 5
Red Squadron 1
Red 7

Interrupts(15)
Path of Least Resistance x3
Lift Tube Escape x3
Rebel Barrier x2
Power Pivot x2
Off the Edge x2
Houjix & Out Of Nowhere
Rapid Fire
Heading for the Medical Frigate

Effects(4)
Cloud City Celebration x2
Menace Fades
Battle Plan

Vehicle(5)
Lift Tube x5

Locations(4)
Bespin Cloud City
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City West Gallery
Cloud City Incinerator

Weapons(3)
Intruder Missle x2
X-wing Laser Cannons '

Strategy: '

Playing Control the system and get your sites out
then spread your characters thin. Get celebration out and start draining and retrieving. Make them pay to drain with battle plan, and cancel their bonuses with menace fades If they try to battle you either run away if they come in large force, then slowly kill them off, or react a few jedis over and beat them off Bespin right away. Late game retrieve with edges and continue draining. 

Lift Tubes Destiny sixes that can react over when the opponent tries to come down and beat you down, or use in conjunction with lift tube escape to run away from a massive beatdown. Also can be used to track for edges. These give you total control over cloud city. 

Matchups

TDIGWATT If you play smart this is an easy matchup. Take control of the system, and destroy them on the ground with lift tube + path beatdowns, cancel the deal if they get it going, and retrieve any losses that you might have had, and drain them out. One of the deacks best matchups, but be careful vs. SAC.

BHBM They wont be able to win battles against you, if you fill a lift tube with mains and fun it around the city. Cancel their drain bonuses, and retrieve any losses that they may inflict. Drain for ample amounts with Pucimir. SAC. is dangerous, but definitely not impossible. 

Hunt Down Pods and Odds Keep insight to cancel their odds, and while their racing drain them for all you can, cancel their drain bonuses and make them pay to drain, i fhtey win the race retrieve with edges + celebration. Keep your jedi down to keep both players losing to visage. If you play smart this matchup can be won without to much hassle.

Ties Drain on the ground and retrieve with edges, get keep Bespin occupied for a few turns to retrieve with celebration. If you stock up in space you should be able to be able to hold your own for a while, shoot down and power pivot any destroyers or dreadnuts. Tough matchup, buit it can be won.

AOTBS Keep your drains and retrieval going make them pay to drain, and cancel their bonuses. Kill their BH ships, and if they come to you use path lift tubes to beat them off Bespin. Your high desties will help you in battle. This is a relatively easy matchup.

JP Mains Cancel their bonuses and make them pay, retrieve tons and cancel their battles. Watch for SAC. Play strong, and you should win. 

Thanks for Reading and Reviewing





'