---
layout: post
author: Dennis "Denethor" Jeffris
title: 'Podracing In Hoths Atmosphere 2.0'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-06-11
description: ! 'Heres my update to my recently-posted deck.  I think this is much better.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7) 
Hoth Main Power Generators 
Hoth North Ridge 
Podrace Prep 
Tatooine Podrace Arena 
Anakin&#8217;s Podracer 
Boonta Eve Podrace 
A New Secret Base 

Locations (8) 
Clouds x3 
Bothuwai
Hoth 
Hoth Echo Corridor 
Hoth Echo Docking Bay 
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room) 

Characters (18) 
Tibanna Gas Miner x2 
Kebyc x2 
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x3
Threepio With His Parts Showing
Captain Han Solo 
Jek Porkins 
Tycho Celchu 
Colonel Cracken 
Lieutenant Blount 
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader 
Dash Rendar 
Mirax Terrik 
Zev Senesca 
Derek &#8217;Hobbie&#8217; Klivian 

Starships (8) 
Red Squadron 1 
Red 6 
Tala 1 
Tala 2 
Green Squadron 3 
Millenium Falcon 
Outrider 
Pulsar Skate 

Interrupts (12) 
The Signal 
Noble Sacrifice
A Few Maneuvers x2 
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes 
Tunnel Vision x5 
Out Of Commission/Transmission Terminated x2

Effects (4) 
Echo Base Garrison 
Echo Base Operations 
Squadron Assignments 
Honor Of The Jedi

Misc (3) 
I&#8217;ll Take The Leader x2 
I Did It  '

Strategy: '

To reviewer  CmdCorranH - READ THE STRATEGY BEFORE YOU REVIEW IT  I explained why Walkers aren’t a big problem, and if you’re smart enough to READ, then you wouldn’t write ”and what about walkers?”  Give me a break



First off, I love Tunnel Vision in this deck because there are so many cards I need to get out (aka clouds and Threepio... and that’s about it).  However, they come in extremely useful in every single game.  I do not use the combo because that’s a destiny 1, and these are destiny 3.

I have Naked Threepio in here to track down my destinies.  I have 3 LSJKs in here that need to be recycled and tracked with a destiny 6.  He is also an incredible beatdown card, so that’s 2 uses in 1, which is why he’s in here thrice.  Naked Threepio himself has a destiny 3, which isn’t too bad.  He is just used for massive tracking and stacking abilities.  Also highly useful to draw up needed cards such as clouds and Noble Sacrifice for that late-game retrieval.  He’s just too useful.  A Few Maneuvers on your ships, then stack and draw.  That’s 2 6 destinies in a row, and with 12 or more activation a turn, you can just activate all but 1, use a few tunnel visions, use threepio and draw up that card and stack a few 6’s for the race destiny next turn.  Way too useful.

Noble Sacrifice is in here so you can lose that worthless Zev, Hobbie, or miscellanious after they set up EBO for you.  A note  EBO is not a huge portion of this deck, although it does help significantly.  It’s too easy to get out so I use it.  Clouds are where you hit them.

Honor Of The Jedi is a player in all decks.  Although many Court and Hunt Down decks use No Escape, I have yet to see it in any other decks (YMSYL, BHBM, Hunt The Queen, etc.  ESPECIALLY YMSYL, since Walker Garrison on Ice Plains, North Ridge, and Mountains are all cancelled.  And the direct damage.  Also, they have to deploy to Ice Plains which is even better).  No Escape is extremely rare here where I live, so this is too good.  If No Escape is all over where you are, substitute Honor for Your Insight or a good local meta card (Your Insight for the rise in numbers popularity).

Changing The Odds is very good because it’s a used 5, and it places out of play an important interrupt (a high destiny one at that).  Helps with podracing.  Also, you can get drop down his battle destiny just enough so you won’t get battle damage.  Cool.

A Few Maneuvers is a big card here.  I have all starfighters, so this can be used with any of them.  It’s a 6 destiny that can be used at any time, and is non-unique.  Good enough for me.

Bothuwai.  Why did I choose this?  2 reasons  Tala 1 and 2’s pilots as well as Tycho are all spies that will be flying around in the clouds when they get their chances.  I use Bothuwai as activation against space decks, and with both spies out, they drain for 0 at that system.  Also, it’s a parsec 2 and Hoth is parsec 5.  This means that big ol’ Executor can’t move between them  That has helped me in several decks.  Also, against BHBM, MKOS, or any ground deck, it’s another 3 loss a turn for them.

Kebyc is in here for obvious reasons, if you read the card.  Deploy here at your War Room or wherever in Echo Base, and all their drains at the clouds are from reserve deck (almost always 6 drain a turn, unless against a TIE-laden deck).  That is incredible, as almost every drain will result in the loss of a Vader, Mara, Xizor, or whatever they need.  And, with some good luck, you can place it out of play with OOC/TT.

Matchups this has played

Podracing - You will usually lose this podrace to a podrace-heavy deck.  However, a podrace deck has little to no space in it, as far as I have seen.  So you spread out in space with little worries, backing up the systems will the extra ships (just in case).  The 11 force loss will hurt, but it’s not fatal.  You can manage.  I have lost once to a podrace-based deck with Big Blue and Hunting Queens mixed in.  Just so you know, HOTJ blocks out 2 damage from the Podrace if they win.

Scum - piece of cake (almost).  The only ships these decks usually have are bounty hunter ships, and with the decrease of Court decks, they will be hard to cause a massive beatdown against you.  If they really hit you hard, your forfeit and power and battle destinies will cause you to have no battle damage.

Big Blue - your biggest struggle (well, this and TDIGWATT).  Try to avoid weak deployment to the systems.  Your cloud sectors are relatively safe.  Deploy Dash, Han, Wedge, and Tycho, if possible, to Hoth and hold it there.  Those will destroy all that come by.  Guarenteed.  Lateral damage will slow that down, but you can still take it.  I have lost once out of 3 games to Big Blue flipping SYCFA.

Hoth You May Start Your Landing - haha almost no problem.  Every deck of this I have seen has never had No Escape in it.  Get out Honor ASAP, and when they deploy Perimeter, try to get Luke there quickly, if they do not move there first turn.  This will slow them down a little by forcing them to move quickly to avoid the drain.  It will be their downfall.  I have not lost to one of these.

Hunting The Queen - once again, HOTJ is killer here.  They never have No Escape, so it’s easy.  With no Padme, how do they expect to win?  I lost to this, but only because it was a podrace-heavy deck with big blue (the one in the Podrace section).

Those are all the decks I have played.  Suggestions are welcomed.  Please make constructive critism if you have the time.  If not, I’ll take 5 stars  -)  just messin’.  Give it what you think it deserves.  Thank you

PS.  Check out my other decks.  They’re almost all original.

-Dennis ”Alucard” Jeffris  '