---
layout: post
author: ! Luca "Luca/Tzizvvt" Costanzo
title: ! 'A Stu Maneuvers (Continentals Deck)'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-08-08
description: ! 'Heres the deck that went 6-0 during the Calamari Continental Championships.  It all started when Stuart Jones signed my A Few Maneuvers ...'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Watch Your Step/I Can Do WHAT ?
Tatooine
Pub
Docking Bay 94
Insurrection
Squadron Assingnments
Staging Areas
HFTMF

Kessel
Spaceport Docking Bay
Home One Docking Bay

(2) Captain Han Solo
(2) Mirax Terrik
(2) Dash Rendar
(2) Luke with Lightsaber
(4) Palace Raider
Theron Nett
Ralltiir Freighter Captain
Talon Karrde
Wedge Antilles
Lando with Blaster Pistol
Melas

(3) Patrol Craft

Millennium Falcon
Outrider
Pulsar Skate
Red 10

(2) I’ll Take The Leader

Menace Fades
Your Insight Serves You Well
Bacta Tank
Tatooine Celebration
Battle Plan

(3) Control/Tunnel Vision
(3) Out Of Comission/Transmission Terminated
(2) On The Edge
(2) A Jedi’s Resilience
Lost In The Wilderness
Cantina Brawl
Darklighter Spin
It Can Wait
Rebel Barrier
Houjix/Out Of Nowhere
A Stu Maneuvers (best card in the deck)
'

Strategy: '

NOTE  This is a pre-coruscant deck.  Please rate it with that in mind.

NOTE  Don’t review this and give me crap about A Useless Gesture.  Look at the date on this deck.  For this period, this was easily the best LS deck.  (Well, either this or Adam and Stu’s version with racing ... but this one’s mine, so it’s better P)

This is the deck that went undefeated for me at the Calamari Continental Championships, day one and day two.  I originally built it because I wanted to play a control WYS deck which would beat Hunt Down/Oddracing and Brangus racing.  On day one I had a POAS in place of the Cantina Brawl, in order to take the Holotable for a constant drain of two.  It mostly got used on the Pub, where there was usually a Dark Jedi of some kind.  Knowing that Brangus wouldn’t be that popular anyway, it became Brawl for day two.

This deck plays like a cross between Throne Room Mains and Hidden Mains, but with the ability to do more damage.  You will always have to make up your game plan based on what your opponent does.  Unlike TRM, though, if your opponent does nothing, you can drain like a champ.

A few justifications

No Fallen Portal/It’s A Trap/Hyper Escape/Alternatives To Fighting?

I wanted cards that will help both in space and on the ground.  Barrier, It Can Wait and Houjix do that.

What about Maul (or other Dark Jedi)?

Lost In The Wilderness if they go outside.  Cantina Brawl if they go for a beer.  If it’s the Emperor, you’ll just have to cut him with Luke.

No Jedi Luke?

With Resilience, I have a Luke that I can constantly deploy, as well as having built in duelling protection from the Resilience.  Same destinies as playing 2 Jedi Lukes and 2 Sticks.  Also, how often does Jedi Luke actually survive, anyway?

Where’s Chewie?

I’m going to pay 5 for an ability 2 guy that’s just going to get cut, captured, trampled or choked?  Don’t get me wrong, he’s good, but expensive and not all that useful with less characters like Boelo, Dengar with Gun and 4-LOM with gun running around to blank.  

Edges over Harvests?

There are multiples of most of the non-interrupt cards, with a few exceptions.  This means that you should be able to retrieve them with Edges.  The interrupts, as I’m sure that you know, can be played from lost.  Edges are also a lot easier to set up than Harvests.  This way, you do not have to look for the Farm, which will obviously be the target for a Palpatine or something, or play Owen and Beru, who don’t help you flip.  

OOC/TT?  No racing?

I know that a lot of the better players prefer not to play OOC/TT in WYS and just have your opponent lose to Visage.  No racing seeing as there really wasn’t all that much racing going around in Melbourne.  The OOC/TT are necessary to kill visage as, in the event that you play against Huntdown/Odds/Racing, you really don’t need the added pressure of Visage in the early game.  No Jedi Luke (who will always be killed against Hunt Down unless you play lots of Dodges and Run Luke Run) means that you won’t always be able to keep Hunt Down flipped back.  Don’t tell me that you can get away with less than 3.  You need 2 so that you can both cancel Visage then cancel HoloNet Transmission.

You seriously reckon you can rely on those cards you only have one of?

Obviously not.  I will make reference to them, though.  They can and will be game winners.  Given Tunnel Visions, Tunnel Visions from lost pile, mad activation and the ability to play interrupts from lost pile, you should be able to play whatever you need.

Matchups

Hunt Down/Racing

Should be fairly straightforward.  Get out some ships and flip, probably with some Palace Raiders.  Cancel Visage.  Once they win the race, make sure to track a 6 and play Edges (from lost pile, but preferably from hand) to retrieve for it.  Chances are that they won’t be able to get out Secret Plans in time, but if they do just pay for it.  You should get some pressure going with Kessel.  Use Lost In The Wilderness and Cantina Brawl to turn the tide.  Oh yeah, and you should probably start with YISYW instead of Staging Areas.  It’s tight, I know, but you don’t want to be hit for lots with odds.

Hunt Down/Non-Racing

Even easier than with racing  The same principles apply, but you don’t have to worry about the race.  You do have to worry about command, but I’ll cover that now

Space (ie, with Commands)

Your smugglers can cut it with their forfeit and multiple destinies.  Your stuff is also a lot cheaper.  Of course, I can hear you saying ’But they’ll play Commands’  All I have to say is ’Darklighter Spin’.  No, there are no Power Pivots.  Don’t have the room, don’t really need it.  Darklighter spin will rid you of those unsightly ships.  Meanwhile, you should be able to get in some drains and you should also have a fairly effective choke going.  If there is ever a battle without a command, you win that.

Ties

Ties have been fairly popular in Melbourne, and this beats them every time.  The key is that the Falcon is pretty much impossible to shoot down, thanks especially to A Stu Maneuvers.  You do have to play carefully, ie. have fodder on board, keep barrier/It Can Wait etc, but it is a winnable matchup.  Chances are that they will take over a system for most of the game, probably Tatooine.  You can then go to Death Star and Kessel to drain, while setting up at the Pub and anywhere else you can get a drain in.  On The Edge gets you enough retrieval to make up for anything silly that happens.  You will have to play this one by ear, though.  If they don’t have a big hand, spread and drain in space.  If they do, dump fodder etc.  Don’t fear the Cannon, play around it and win.  On day one someone came at the Falcon with a Tie and a Cannon.  I played It Can Wait.  Not a happy tie, I can tell you P

Court

If they’re playing Scum, reacting Patrol Crafts and recurring Luke are a nightmare.  Really, though, the reason why I am mentioning Court is because of the independent ships from reserve.  Don’t get caught out by them, but equally, don’t be too paranoid of them.  I have found that if they are not playing heavy space, deploying ships to the Spaceport Docking Bay for practically nothing and amassing them at Tatooine before moving them to Kessel is very effective.  Later in the game, you can spread back when you have Barrier or whatever and spare Smugglers to throw at it.

Dark Deal

If they don’t start with I’m Sorry, it’s probably just some mains deck.  If they do, you will have to respond quickly.  Start with Insight instead of Staging Areas so that you can decide wether you will need Staging Areas or Menace Fades as the game progresses.  If you can get Menace Fades and Battle Plan working, you win.  With A Jedi’s Resilience, you will throw Luke down to kill their stuff each turn.  Shouldn’t be all that hard (presuming that luck is even P).

Brangus

Brangus may be advantaged against you in that you are playing their game, but this deck is designed to recover from a podrace, so that shouldn’t be a problem.  Play your OOCs when you have more than one.  The first will most likely be cancelled with HoloNet Transmission, so cancel that with the second OOC/TT.  The thing is that they will come to you.  Emperor to the Pub is about the worst thing that can happen, and you should be able to deal with him using Luke with Stick.  Worst comes to worse, it’s a drain of two.  If Vader or Maul hit the Pub, they get Brawled.  If they hit the docking bays, they get Lost In The Wilderness.  On The Edge to kill anything targeted by the shaft.  You should be able to set up a drain at Kessel and then play reactive to win from there.  Alternatively, you could potentially choke them quite well.  Like everything, though, you have to play it by ear.

Anything Else

This deck was designed to be flexible.  I honestly believe that there are no auto-losses out there for it (except, maybe, for the new DS objective, but this is a pre-coruscant deck).  You should have a good shot at anything, presuming that you know what is going on.  

REVIEWER RESPONSES

Hoostino  Yes, I did consider all of those cards, I actually ended up removing them for what’s in here  Thanks for the suggestions, though.

Master^Matt  Adam won.

LlamaFett  What’ve you got against Jonesy?  If you really want to know, it’s because he was driving the night before when we went to the pub (that’s why victorians play WYS, by the way- we like starting with the pub in play).  

Anyone who gives someone they don’t know with a half decent (at least) deck half a star has to be an idiot, anyway.  I won’t bother wasting my tech points on scum like you.  Rather, I’ll leave your review there so that others can gawk at your stupididty, check out your page, see that all you have ever contributed to the DeckTech community are a few decks ages ago and brand you as the leech you are.  

Sorry about that mini-rant there

217  You’ve got a good point there.  Yes, this isn’t as tech as some of the WYS decks out there.  Please don’t think that I don’t know about putting tech into a WYS deck.  I am actually experienced with WYS variants from beatdown to Odds/Racing/Harvest, but decided to play this because of the lack of tech.  There is no tech (which annoyed me all weekend), but it is very solid.  I’ll take a look at your deck now, btw.

Have a good one,
Luca/Tzizvvt

Props to Adam, Ronnie, Lee and of course Stu.
'