---
author: Ben "ds6129" Wachter
title: 'Your blowing up what?'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-22
description: 'This Rebel Strike Team deck blows up the bunker and anything else the opponent is playing'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

OBJECTIVE(1)
Rebel Strike Team

EPIC EVENT(1)
Deactivate the shield generator

LOCATIONS(7)
Endor
Rebel Landing Site
Backdoor
Bunker
Hidden Forest Trail
Home One db
Echo db

CHARACTERS(17)
Gen Madine
Gen Solo x2
Chewie of Kash x2
Luse Rebel Scout x2 (or Jedi Luke if you have them)
Corporal Midge
Corporal Beezer
Sargent Junkin
Lt Blount
Col Craken
Wuta
Gen Calrissian
Admiral Ackbar
Magor Panno

STARSHIPS(4)
Gold Squadron 1
Tala 1
Tala 2
Home One

WEAPONS(6)
Anakins Stick x2
Liea’s blaster
Merc Armor
Explosive charge x2

EFFECTS(6)
Strike Planning
Insurrection
Staging Areas
Squadron Assgn
Close air support
Honor of the jedi

INTERRUPTS(18)
OOC/TT x2
Throw me another charge x3
Insertion Planning x4
Smoke screen x2
Clash of sabers x2
Rebel Leadership x2
On the edge x2


Strategy: 

This deck has won the most tournement games for me so I figured it would get posted. It is fairly simple to play, and there is a good reason for blowing up the bunker.
  When you blow the bunker it also blows up the Endor db, so make sure all your people are on Endor when it goes. 
 I try to flip the objective before blowing up the bunker that way you get the bonus for epic events. Use Home One to hold off the big drain in space, and set up Close air support on Endor.
 Don’t forget to move your characters to the former bunker and db they can drain there when Midge gets on the table.
 MATCHUPS

Against Court, drop Luke w/stick or Daughter w/blaster and/or armor and take the audience chamber. Try to blow the bunker early, that way if they drop bounty hunters on Endor they are stuck there and they cant flip and eat them.
Drop close air support and lockdown the system. Beat them down at will and retrieve any lost scouts and redeploy them.

Against BHBM, drop luke away from Vader and make them chase you in the db’s. Set up Close air support ASAP, and deploy in force. Insertion Planning helps out here too.

Against SYCFA, protect Endor flip your objective and set up to drain every turn. This is not played much in my area so I don’t really worry about it.

Against Hunt Down, cancel Visage and blow up the bunker. Your destiny draws for epic duel are +2 when you flip so track those sixes. 
  These are the three major decks I play against around here so make changes as needed. I plan on putting in Luke’s stick and maybe some more characters, Corran would be good, as would Corporal Kensaric. 
 Tell me what you think.   