---
layout: post
author: ! Will "enhasa" Price
title: ! 'Wow thats fast - another speed deal deck'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-13
description: ! 'Before you read please note that this deck was heavily influenced by the many dark deal decks I read on deck tech (mostly form the Yuck Wookie Breath).  But I think it is still pretty good.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations(6)
Bespin
Bespin Cloud City
Cloud City Casino
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City Chasm Walmway
Cloud City East Platform (Docking Bay)

Characters (13)
Prince Xizor
Lobot
Lando Calrissian
Mosep
Trooper Jerrol Blendin
Trooper Davin Felth
Corporal Avarik
Sergeant Elsek
Corporal Drelosyn
Navy Trooper Fenson
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Sergeant Irol
Sergeant Barich

Starships (6)
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Obsidian 7 x2
Obsidian 8 x2
Vader’s Personal Shuttle

Vehicles (1)
Tempest Scout 6

Effects (11)
You Cannot Hide Forever
Imperial Arrest Order
I’m Sorry
Secret Plans
Dark Deal x3
Search And Destroy
A Disturbance In The Force
No Escape
Cloud City Occupation 

Interrupts (22)
Prepared Defenses
Control/Set For Stun x3
I’d Just As Soon Kidd A Wookie x3
Imperial Supply x2
Sense/Uncertian Is The Future x3
Cloud City Sabacc x2
Tactical Support x4
Trooper Assault x2
Projective Telepathy
Shocking Revelation 

Objective (1)
This Deal is../Pray I Don’t...


'

Strategy: '

Yeah yeah i know this deck looks a lot like the wookie breath deck that was posted before.  I know, thats where I got most of the card choices from.  I have made some variations and customized it a little and cut some cards that i didn’t want.  Anyways heres my strat...

Start with Cloud City Casino.  Your effects should be You Cannot Hide Forever, Imperial Arrest Order, Secret Plans, and I’m Sorry.  Of course you start with TDIGWATT.

The important thing is to take as many sites your first turn, you can use I’m sorry to take any two cloud city battlegrounds (The carbonite chamber and the walkway) and use IAO to grab the dockingbay and use your objective to take BespinCloud City.  You will have at least one character in your starting hand, and probably a tactical support.  use the tactical support to during the lightsides turn after to disrupt there play and grab three more troopers from your deck.  If you get two in your hand use one during your turn and one during his to get a lot of troopers.  Second turn you will activate nine force plus whatever your opponent gives you.  If you have your disurbance is the force this is a good place to use it, otherwise you can use it when you get it.  You should take a Dark Deal into hand using your objectives text unless you already have one (otherwise take bespin or whatever you want).  You should have enough troopers to deploy at least on to a site (if not two), deploy the deal, and then move them together to one site or two so you are safer from attack.  You might want to wait until the next turn to deploy if you don’t think you have an adequate force to hold cloud city.  Obsidian 7 and 8 will be sufficient to hold it for the first few turns, or vaders shuttle and an obsidian.  It is vital to get the deal going on turn two, three at the latest.  It is a pretty simple deck to play.  

Some interesting cards that are sooo good

Sergeant Elsek  If I had room, I would put another into my deck.  You forfeit him and thats in.  he is soo good, deploys only for one and is awesome forfeit fodder.

Corporal Drelosyn  Power 2 at Cloud City sites, adds one destiny with Irol (uning Tactical support it is easy to get both out to the same site).

Sergeant Barich  When with another biker scout, draws a destiny.  That is subtracted from opponents attrition and total power.  This is great in a both small and large battles.

Shocking Revelation Take it into hand with Secret Plans, play it, and track the destiny five for whatever you need.

Control & Set for StunL Cancel a force drain, or send an opponents character back to his hand.  set for stun is awesome if you really want to destroy someone in a battle .

I’d Just as soon kiss a wookie  Send a just deployed card back to hand for three force... win a battle  As mentioned in another deck this card should have been made implayable with im sorry, but its not so it rules

Sense & Uncertain is The Future  Uncertain is the future is probably the best disruption card.  If you get vader out, sense one of there annoying interrupts too.

Sabacc  I threw in Sabacc so if I think I am winning I can increase my differential a little (If lando at casino of course) and if i lost a card I need I can try to get it back.

Mosep  He’s an off and on character that is seen here and there, but I put him in to mess up any destiny tracking.  Make them lose from there reserve instead of hand is great when I forcedrain for 10.

Well, I am pretty tired I hope this is enough to get me a good rating.  Please don’t be mad if you think this is a rip off, cause there are changes made.  I think this deck is great, and I thank everyone who posted there dark deal decks that influenced mine.

~will '