---
layout: post
author: ! Chris "Christo" Cicconi
title: ! "Homemade Huntdown"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-09-21
description: ! 'No dueling? No racing? High Destinies? Not like any Huntdown deck Ive ever heard of'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
Hunt Down and Smack the Jedi
Exe Medi Chamber
Exe Holotheater
Visage of the Big Ugly Head
Preped D
Imp Arrest Order/Secret Plans
Crush The Rebellion
No Hide Forever/Mob Pts

Locations (3)
Rendili
DDB
CCDB

Characters (13)
Vader, DLOTS x2
Lord Vader x3
King Palpy x2
Darth Maul
Darth Maul, YA
Mara, The Emperors Ho
4-Lom w/ long stick
Ig w/gun
Janus the GOD

Flying Blue Things (4)
Bossk in Tooth
Bobby in Slave 1
Zucky in da Hunter
Maul’s Sith thing

Interrupts (17)
Force Lightning
Evader/Monnok
You Are Beaten
Short Range Ships/ Watch Your Back
Maul Strikes
Vader’s Anger
Twi’lek
Ommni Box/ It’s Worse
I Have You Now
Operational As Planned x2 
Sniper/Dark Strike
Force Field
Masterful Move x2 
Holonet Trans
This is Some Rescue 

Effects (11)
No Escape 
Visage x3
DO They Have a Code Clearance 
Allegations of Corruption 
Search and Destroy
The Phantom Menace x2
Lateral Damage
Battle Order and First Strike

Weapons (4)
Vader’s Saber x2
Maul’s Saber
Mara’s Saber


'

Strategy: '

*update* I threw in the EndorDB cause I needed a third battleground vs. Hidden Base decks, can’t remember what I took out now....*update over*

I hate strat well here’s my best shot at it

Basic Strat
It’s nice to get Vader, DLOTS first hand, cause he goes for 6 and you get 4 from yourself, with QMC he can go down first turn. Grab Renili, activate, grab a DB, get Vader down ASAP, if they play space, put vader at one DB, Palpy and Janus at the other, then get S*D, drain, recycle and put Maul in space. If not, send Maul and Vader to the opponents site, and try to get Palpy and Janus to hold down his center site, ex. Cantina, North Corridor. IG and 4-Lom should be saved for calculated strikes vs. a Luke or Obi who’s left alone. Same with Mara.

Here’s an explanation of some of the cards in my deck

Mara Very few decks play her now, I needed an extra character, and very few can pull their very own saber 

Holonet trans Well pull Imperial, good to get Vader if you can’t find him. Cancels Trans Terminated, which is good cause with the ”This is some rescue” they’ll have a hard time play TT or the combo. Grab it too if they opponent plays WYS.

The CC/D* DBS No Projection of a Skywalker can hit them, and they work with Crush

Force Lightning It’s good vs. pesky undercover spies or if the opponent JUST BARELY has enough ability to draw destiny, you can fix that real quick

Evader and Monnock Well who knows when Revo will be played again, and the Monnok part is good vs. Swarms, and vs. big drawers, it can be pulled too.

SRS/Watch Your back Well pull Maul’s ship, plus you can get a destiny with Manuever, so Fett in S1 gets a destiny of 7 and Maul gets 5 if needed. 

Vader’s Anger Adds one to saber destiny, and it’s used 5, plenty useful

Why 3 Visages? Cause I like high destinies, and 7’s are pretty to look at 

Match-ups
Haven’t had much chance to play different decks so here’s a couple

vs. WYS Put Maul in space at Kessel kills, or save him for the ground your choice (I’m talking bout Tat Maul), get Vader or Palpy and Janus to the Cantina. Keep Luke away and you win

vs. QMC Try to hold down the North Corridor, if Luke’s in space, you don’t flip back, if luke’s on ground, Maul owns space, easy yes?

vs. Profit I actually beat some guy in his race, the destinies in this deck ROCK Kill Han, and they don’t do any damage

vs. RST Keep the Bunker, dump Maul, Vader, Palpy, use Mara and IG and 4-lom to attack a little at a time, to widdle down the scouts

Well that’s it, I love the desitinies in this deck, 30 cards with destiny 4 or higher High Destinies ROCK

Christo

'