---
layout: post
author: Andy "Solo337" McClure
title: 'Watch Yo Step- Andy Style'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-30
description: ! 'Watch your step the way it should be played. Tons of retrieval, plenty of speed, no Kessel Runs (too much work), and plenty of teched out interuppts that can come from lost pile.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'
Objective
WYS/TPCBALR

Locations (8)
Tatooine (s)
Tatooine Cantina (s)
Tatooine Docking Bay (s)
Tatooine Mos Eisley
Tatooine Jundlund Wastes
Dagobah Yoda’s Hutt
Hoth Echo War Room (japenese)
Rendevous Point

Characters (17)
Jedi Luke x3
Captain Han x2
Chewbacca, Protector x2
Palace Raider x4
Talon Karrde
Dash Rendar
ECC Lando
Mirax Terrik
Wedge Antillies
Melas

Weapon
Luke’s Saber

Starships (3)
Outrider
Millenium Falcon
Pulsar Skate

Vehicles (3)
Patrol Craft x3

Interuppts (what makes a WYS deck, 19)
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Smoke Screen
On The Edge x3
Control/Tunnel Vision x2
Run Luke, Run x2
Rebel Barrier (japanese) x2
OOC/Trans Term x2
Nabrun Leids
Sorry About The Mess/Blaster Proficiency
Weapon Levitation
Fall Of The Legend
Throw Me Another Charge
Punch It
Cantina Brawl

Effects (7)
Battle Plan (s)
Menace Fades (s)
Squadron Assignments (s)
Tatooine Celebration
Ounee Ta
Legendary Starfighter
Order To Engage

Admiral’s Order
I’ll Take The Leader

'

Strategy: '


Well, this is the finished version of the WYS deck I’ve been working on since the objective came out. It has everything it needs- generation, tons of retrieval, speed, power, tech and balance. The finished version only has 1 loss (to Steven Lewis), despite extensive playtesting. Oh, and win it wins, it wins by a lot- usually more than 25.

You’ve certainly seen WYS decks before, so I won’t explain what to do, just what makes mine the best one out there -) In my humble opinion, of course.

The basic set up is the same every game. Use Tunnel Visions to pull out your generator sites. I greatly prefer straight twix sites to docking bay generation, because I really need all three of my starting effects, and I don’t wanna waste my limited number of characters sitting at docking bays. Plus it lets me take advantage of Nabrun against decks that don’t use IAO.

Flip your objective quickly (2nd or 3rd turn), and use the balance this deck provides to spread into space and the ground. Use Battle Plan and Menace Fades to your advantage. They are insanely powerful cards, and can be used to help beat any DS deck out there. Even with only 3 ships, you can dominate most DS space there is. Lateral Damage on the Outrider and Imperial Commands to limit my destinies really hurts, but I don’t see many Imperial Command decks anymore.

From there, just drain, celebrate, and retrive like mad with On The Edge. Most games I get to play my 3 On The Edges at least 4 times, and I use my 2 cycling 6 destinies, Out Of Commisions, Mirax and basic tracking skills to retrive like mad. I deal with Secret Plans almost every single game, and all they do is slow me down a little. I can always deal with it.

Here’s the destiny breakdown (after all the starting stuff is removed)
0-5
1-8
2-12
3-5
4-12
5-2
6-8

The character selection is pretty basic. Captain Han and the Outrider to hold space. Jedi Luke and Chewbacca, backed by Raiders and Talon to hold ground. 17 characters is a little light, but I can retrieve them. Melas is perfect for space or ground.

The interuppts are what makes this deck so powerful. Cantina Brawl is huge with a little tracking, and great with Talon Karrde (to check their top destiny). On The Edges get massive retrieval, Weapon Levitation is good for getting Luke’s Saber from the used pile (after you’ve retrieved it) and is perfect against Snoova, Vader or Mara. Punch It to get me even more destinies in space, Smoke Screen for Luke, OOC/Trans Term for Hunt Down (2 copies means 4 or more chances to cancel Visage). Sorry About The Mess/Blaster Proficiency is HUGE for character removal.

My Admiral’s Orders is perfect against TIEs or BH ships and also add to Docking Bay drains.



Well, I think that about covers it. Now for the matchups

Hunt Down Hunt Down is one of your toughest games because they are faster than you are and get enough force to deploy Vader 1st turn. Hopefully you can cancel Visage to buy yourself some time. As long as you keep the early damage down, once you flip the game should be yours. It limits their generation, and allows you to avoid duels perfectly (from lost pile if needed), and adds destiny. Palace Raiders are very good at killing Vader when they draw 3 battle destinies. Menace Fades and Battle Plan should be important this game, as well as Smoke Screen to make Vader’s immunity useless.

BHBM You will be playing without Luke, which is by far the hardest part of this match up. Use your support characters to kill Vader and free Luke (if you can), and putting Vader out of play is awesome. Once again Menace Fades and Battle Plan are key, as you should be able to hold space. Play smart and the game should be yours, especially with the lack of generation from 1/0 docking bays and the Throne Room.

MKOS If it is swarm you have to be really careful and stack your characters. You can spread as long as you can react, and Menace Fades will eliminate Gailid enhanced drains. All the battle destinies you’ll be drawing will kill a lot of relatively low forfeit aliens. I wouldn’t recommend invading the Chamber, but that is up to you.

CCT This is actually one of the harder matchups, because you have to play without Han in the begining. Flip, then wait until they bring Han outside, and bring the Raider beat.

Agent of the Black Sun Keep Luke alive and bring the beats. I’ll Take The Leader is great against the independent ships, and Raiders are very powerful (just avoid Guri).

I hope I didn’t miss anything, but if I did, just play smart and play your own game and you should be able to pull almost anything off.

Enjoy
'