---
layout: post
author: ! jason "zwitter" baretta
title: ! "There Is Good In Him Chaiyawatt style"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-24
description: ! 'potent direct damage on a fast and furious platform'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'  There Is Good In Him/I Can Save Him
Start (10)
  Chief Chirpa’s Hut
  Landing Platform
  Podrace Arena
  Luke, Jedi Knight
  Luke’s Lightsaber
  Anakin’s Podracer
  Boonta Eve Podrace
  Seeking An Audience
  I Feel The Conflict
  Podrace Prep
Locations (4)
  Yoda’s Hut
  Home OneWar Room
  Echo Command Centre
  Rendezvous Point
Characters (16)
  Artoo
  Chewie, Protector
  Corran Horn
  EPP Han x2
  Jar Jar Binks
  Lando w/ Ax
  EPP Leia x2
  EPP Obi-Wan x2
  Orrimaarko
  Padme Naberrie
  Qui-gon Jinn
  Threepio With His parts Showing
  Wedge Antilles RSL
Starships (3)
  Artoo-detoo In Red 5
  Home One
  Liberty
Interrupts (17)
  A Step Backwards x2
  Effective Repairs
  How Did We get into This Mess x5
  Losing Track
  Nabrun Leids
  Sense x3
  Shocking Info & Grimtaash
  SorryAbout TheMess&Blaster Proficiency
  Too Close for Comfort x2
Effects (8)
  Anger, Fear, Aggression x2
  Battle Plan
  Draw Thier Fire
  Goo Nee Tay
  Honor of The Jedi
  Never Tell Me The Odds x2
Epics (1)
 I Did It
'

Strategy: '

This deck is a beast. It is undefeated in tournamnet play and has always had high differential, usually well over 20. This idea is simple deal loads of damage quickly and smash whatever the opponent puts on table. By starting TIGIH with podracing i’m able to drain from the first turn with plenty of activation and aply the constant pressure from the pod race.The opponent will usually either try and grab luke quickly (thereby leaving themselves vulnerable to an early beatdown) or stay well clear, inwhich case its time for some insert action.

Early Game In the opponents turn start the pod race Even if Sebulba prevents me from draw first turn A step Backwards will soon even things up.On My first turn i drain with Luke at the hut for one(unless B. Order is on table) and pull Threepio from reserve. this gives me a total of 9 for Never Tell Me The Odds if neccesary and Artoo can be pulled next turn. depending on whats in my hand i usally start looking for Race helpers via Mess. obviously threepio lets me put back jank.
   If the opponent started Podracing themselves then just cancel their Collisions with Too Close For Comfort or Sense.Without Collision Sebulba doesn’t have a hope in hell and the destinies in this deck are pretty high anyway.

Mid Game Once the Race is over collect your 6 lost cards and set up I Did It With the damage from early drains, AFA if they have grabbed Luke or Odds if they have not, possible 2 force loss from my Objective (assumeing Lukes not with Vader), it is VERY unlikely that they will leave any cards in there force pile and eat another 2 card loss.Even if they do Effective Repairs can keep the inserts coming and thier barriers can always be Sensed.
  When no cards are in there force pile for barriers, ghhhk, etc. obi-wan, leia, han, qui-gon and co. can be dispersed to where ever the opponent has deployed his forces.Jar Jar and Lando can lead a charge into Holotheatre or DS2 Db and do some major damage.Don’t forget padme can fetch Qui-gon from reserve and Orrimarko can deal that nasty 2 card direct damage when he wins a battle. 
  Super Home One can be set up with wedge+ Corran cancelling destiny and liea+Han+Chewie adding destiny up the wazoo. losing track can ensure Home One gets more bang for his buck, and Grimtaash used at the right time can screw TIEs into the ground. try and save Sense for nasty cards like Force Field, Imperial command and All Power to Weapons.

Late Game by now I Feel The Conflict should be nice and fat with stacked cards but it is usually not needed.Drain at the locations that have been swarmed and if Luke is still captured (unlikely) then the objectives test will finish the opponent off. Place Boonta Eve out of play to retrieve 4 cards when necessary and if you’ve taken a systam get a few more back from I Did It Use Nabrun when appropriate and the game should be over.

MATCH UPSi’ll just cover a few match up cause most games end up being played pretty much the same.
Hunt Down Racing
as previously said there is little chance that the opponent can win the race once you have messed for Too Close For Comfort and A Step Backwards. though sense will be of little use there is nothing sweet than sending Visage along with a 1 from your own podracer to the used pile.Podrace Prep can be used here to put a Artoo or artoo in red5 from hand on to your racer. there are 3 spys in the deck to cancel visage. Go nee tay is fairly important here, as most HD race decks have VERY few icons of thier own to deploy Vaders, palpatine etc. usaully not a tough game.

Black Sun
this is virtually auto win. there only imperial in the deck is Palpatine so if he captures Luke they will eat a 2 force loss the entire game. though the inserts will be possibly less effective, the race damage+Objective+beat squads should knock over Xizor and friend without to much problems

Dark Side Mains
this is a deck type that has come back from near extinction since Tatooine for good or bad.These deck tend to rely on activating heaps and beating down on opponents guys during the mid game.Unless they get Vader out asap, i believe the speed drains from Luke on endor could open up to much of a gap for them to handle, especially with all the retrieval form the podrace+ I Did It. i would hold off my characters until Anger,Fear,Aggression has taken its toll and the opponent has spred out to try and out drain the damage that my deck is doing him.them the old mains and smack come into play. it could be close but i’m sure this deck could pull off the win.

Dark Space
this is the other deck type that has risen to greatness in to the post Tatooine ground pound environment.once again the direct damage will make a mark and the podrace retrieval should recupe any early losses. Super Home and the other meaty capital in the deck, Liberty and even red 5 if your desperatecan can clear out a system when loaded with destiny adding and cancelling pilots. Sense is extrmely important here for the previously mentioned cards like Imperial Command. 
  TIEs are the only possible thorn in the side of this deck due to there own retrieval and the use of Dreaded Imperial Starfleet that cannot be alter due to the TIGIH objectvie. However, there cannons will be mostly useless and so long as sense is on hand to cancel All Power To WEapons and relentless pursuit then even thing will be fine. If they don’t start YCHF, which is likely in a TIE deck then an early Odds with Luke, Threepio and Artoo can end the game b4 it starts.  


well thats it and thanks for reading.
Finally i’d just  like to say thanks to Brett Chaiyawatt who designed and modified this mighty war machine and rode it to its undefeated tournamnet record.He probably would have won the Australian Opens if it wasn’t for an unlucky run for his dark deck. and thanks to Audre for being cool.
'