---
layout: post
author: Robert "Turin" Werbicki
title: 'You Dumb B@stards'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-11
description: ! 'I Checked out Sith Fury when Tatooine came out and worked up a deck the day after. I wanted to keep it secret but I saw some decks popping up on here and although they werent as good as mine, I decided I had to get credit for one of my ideas.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
BHBM/TYFP
Throne Room
Insignificant Rebellion
Your Destiny
Prepared Defenses
Crush The Rebellion
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points

Locations (4)
DSIIDB
CCDB
TatDB
EndorDB

Characters (8)
Emperor Palpatine
Darth Vader,DLOTS x2
EPP Vader
Darth Vader
Tech Mor x3

Weapons (2)
Darth Vader’s Lightsaber x2

Effects (5)
No Escape
Reactor Terminal
Secret Plans
3,720 to 1 x2

Interupts (14)
Twilek Advisor x2
Evader & Monnock
It’s Worse x2
Sith Fury x4
Vader’s Anger x2
Counter Assualt x3

Seven’s (19) '

Strategy: '

Fuckin A, half the description got cut off, the rest is; @#$% all you dumb bastards that took a month to figure this one out.

UPDATE
Switch out a Vader’s Anger for a Rise My Friend, I still want to add another one in, any suggestions?

Everyone seems to think Space will wreck this, but it won’t. Xwing swarm means your Counter Assualts will work, and Hidden Base decks play with YISYW true, but they’re gonna have to decide whether they want Honor or Odd’s defense. Just put Vader at a docking bay and they’ll prolly go for honor.

Why no podracing? True it would be very powerful, but I just can’t find room, besides that I like starting those 3 effects, and last but not least, because if I pull a Tec Mor or and Odd’s for race destiny when they still have YISYW out, thats just gonna suck.

It seems I must reiterate that this deck does not need alot of activation, therefore DDTA won’t work me over. I need a massive 3 for both Palpatine and Tech Mor and 6 for Vader, I give myself 3 first turn so palpy comes down to the DS2 DB, now I’m activating 5 on my own, then another DB and that’s 6, and I got another DB to pay for transit, after the whole 3 characters are out, you don’t need force for anything but the Counter Assualts.

SAC? It’s not seen in my area, sorry I should of considered it before I posted the deck, but if you still see it drop something you don’t like for the SAC Kicker, their not killing your interupts and your still doing direct damage, so mission accomplished.

END UPDATE

First off, if you cannot understand the deck...don’t rate it.

The general deal is, you pick up Luke fast get him to the Throne Room, they have to lose 9 for every duel, which will make Odd’s pop, and you can Surpris Assualt their drains, Direct Damage at it’s best. If they take away one of your way’s to deal direct damage (i.e numbers killer) not a problem, you still got to other ways to beat your opponents ass.

EARLY GAME
Get Palpatine down, get Vader to Luke’s site, or get them to give you Luke, whatever works (If they don’t, no worry’s, that only eliminates one of your ways to deal damage DLOTS is still a bad mutha when he can kill everyone on table w/ 7’s). Then get back to the Throne Room. Get Tech Mor down as fast as you can if you don’t see Insight, if you do, just make them lose to Your Destiny and that will prolly get them to scratch it for Honor, if they opt to give you Luke instead, go back and start dueling, that’s another way to make them ditch for Honor, just play it smart.

MID GAME
Duel. Inserts. Counter Assualts. Win. Let’s say you pull of 2 duels where you use Sith Fury, that’s a pretty good estimate, that’s 18 force (+6 from the Fury’s and the original 3 from the duel) opponent has to lose, chances are between that and activating an Inserts is gonna pop, let’s say opponent has 5 total which is actually giving the ls a good shot considering the @#$% destiny of their characters, they must lose another 8. Thats already 24 gone, most decks deploy around 15-20 cards or so in the early game for their own set up. Thats about half their deck gone. Even against mains you can pull off surprise assaults easily, and couple that with another insert and the 3 there gonna be losin every turn to dueling. If they play w/ ICBW’s the game is done.

LATE GAME
There is none.

CARD EXPLANATIONS

It’s Worse This card is unbeleivable. With Honor eliminated the only other thing that can stop a vast majority of your direct damage is ICBW, if they play it, chances are it’s gonna be game.

Vader’s Anger Very nice for stacking a 7 you just threw back w/ Reactor Terminal.

The DB’s You barely need any activation for the deck, the DB’s provide the little you do need to get your 3 characters down and they are for the major planets people play on right now so vader can get around. If people play with different planets in your area (Like Op’s or some weird @#$% like that) then just change a DB around.

Evader/Monnock Yet more Direct Damage, this and the Counter Assaults will put away any swarm deck.

You play this deck almost the same vs. every other deck so I won’t go into specifics on the matchups.

Special thanks go to Mike Gemme and especially Steve Baroni for their 7’s decks.

'