---
layout: post
author: Haakon ".prototype." Geburtstag
title: 'attn. Adam Amy'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-16
description: 'hey adam, build it for yerself and see how it goes.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

starting shyte:
huntdown
executor:holotheatre
executor:meditation chamber
visage of the destiny 7
wattos box
boonta eve
sebulbas pod
start your engines

dudes:
choke vader x2
suicide vader x2
emperor palpatine x2
mara x2
janus x2

locations:
imperial holotable

effects:
come here you big coward
no escape
visage
you cannot hide forever
SECRET PLANS (tech)

interrupts:
circle x2
obsession x2
focused attack
hit racer x2
counter assault
operational as planned x2
holonet transmission
always thinking with your stomach x2
twilek x3
masterful move x3
podracer collision x2
limited resources
i have u now
force lightning x1
FOIL force lightning x1
Omnibox+Its Worse
weapon lev

ships:
BiHT
ZiMH
BFiS1

weapons:
mara stick
vader stick
disruptor pistol


Strategy: 

UPDATE no.2
with big respect to ronnie, chuck out ALL characters and put in 10x Vader With Bong. when coruscant comes out, put in new stoned palpatine and 3x Force Spiff...he was so ripped he went over to the light side.
END UPDATE no.2

UPDATE:
with big respect to luca, throw out a mara and put in an iggy with capture gun. good idea man. but i still say mara is good cause i play emperor which makes her an honorary vader...
re. activation, the holotable fellas. uh, luca...i sometimes play my holonet people there, am i bad? if visage is cancelled, then sometimes i put visage there too.
re. no space...hmm. i shall consider, but space saved my a55 on sunday...
re. 4 vaders, thats all i need. the tactic is you actually LOSE to visage in the early game. you have all the time in the world.
re. my grammar, ill have u know i scored a 76 and a 74 for my lit subject last yr. the fact that i barely passed my com subjects is beside the point.
END UPDATE

this is the true version of what i played on sunday. build it fer yerself and tell me what you think. couple of glaring errors that i see straight off the bat are You cannot hide forever, and having 2 hit racers...2 janus? 2 thinking with your stomach? give me yer feedback, and an email address if i need to talk tech with ya.
i think the game we started playing, you woulda won me, 1) cause i suck, but 2) that step backward card is a pain in the proverbial ass. hurts doubly cause you draw 2. but then again, start your engines + hit racer...aw man.

as for the rest of you monkeys,
its huntdown podracing. what can i say. you play the podrace, you win because of your rorty interrupts, and you make them die for 11 force...you cover the rest with visage and with drains. if they come to you, duel, if not, let em lose force to visage and your drain at the holotable and arena. if you have balls, send out mara with pistol, disrupt the scrubs and duel the lukes and obis of this world to oblivion.

specific matchups:
vs HB: ooer. well, your drain at the arena is screwed...they prolly have spies for visage. if they play hbmains they have mains to beat your a55. the podrace hurts like a vise on your vitals, but nothing insurmountable for them. damn, this matchup sucks. play by the seat of your pants, thats what i do. foil force lightning is clutch.

vs QMC: well, they set up in space, and on cloud city to drain uncancellably. damn. i guess i should roll over and die. 11 force is good, and also landing all the bad mufukas in the deck on cloudcity is good. secret plans is clutch. foil force lightning is clutch.

vs WYS: played luca on sunday. veeeeerrry close. read my tourney report to find out what happened. i lost by 5, but if he wasnt playing silly luke instead of jedi luke, then his a55 would be on my platter for the total of 15 force...15 force, what a gentle irony...read my report to find out and give it 5 stars cause it owns. foil force lightning is clutch.

vs MWYHL: whahaha. instant die. no sh1t. but then again, most stuff can beat MWYHL. the constant pain is too much for such a slow deck. foil force lightning is clutch.

vs audience chamber/rennek/bo shuda/worrt/order to engage cheese: instant win. use 4 force to return vader. kill silly people with duel and disruptor. foil force lightning is VERY clutch.

i havent played a RTS game, tell me what i need to stop it.
i didnt go for this numbers crap cause everyone uses the light side version of You cannot Hide. i figure the disruptor pistol and power characters are more suited to the current environ, since WYS, QMC and RTS are forced into playing low ability people. and i like getting into fights.
i also do not have a darth maul. if you would like to donate, dmail me. until then, the current charater lineup stays.

as i have so eloquently demonstrated utilizing my superior command of the english language, foil force lightning is a very clutch card. however, now i have revealed my shoddy secret to the world, i shall have to change my deck. damn.
anyway, rate me highly. i need the points. thank you.
