---
layout: post
author: Scot "The Ithorian" Vales
title: 'Newbie training Part 2'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-06-24
description: ! 'The second part of my training decks.  A 30 card deck intended as a follow-up to Part 1 in order to teach space rules to new players.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Tatooine


Locations
Kessel


Characters
Biggs Darklighter
Bo Shek
Han Solo
Luke Skywalker
Pops
Rebel Pilot
R2-X2
R2-D2
R5-D4
Wedge Antilles


Starships
Millenium Falcon
Red 3
X-Wing
Red Leader in Red 1
Red 2
Red 5


Weapons
Proton Torpedo


Devices
Targeting Computer


Interrupts
A Few Manuevers
Han’s Back
Hear Me Baby, Hold Together
Hyper Escape
Panic


Effects
Crash Site Memorial
Kessel Run
'

Strategy: '

THIS IS NOT INTENDED AS A TOURNAMENT DECK

This is a second part to my previous training deck which focused on the basic rules, phases of the game, basic strategy, and Force circulation.
Not for a tourny, this deck should be built in order to teach a new player how to play SWCCG.

If you have not looked at the other deck, which is intended to be used first and then set aside, I reccomend that you do so before reading this.

The rules that are in this deck that are not in my previous one are Utinni Effects, Force retrieval, hyperspace travel, the difference between capital ships and starfighters, and pilots.

I chose these personas and ships WITHOUT Squadron Assignments so as to look familiar to the new player and teach the game without having to bother with the term "matching pilot".  (I feel that worrying about who should be in which ship will over-complicate a player’s second game.)  After all I want them to see their favorite characters without overwhelming them.
I also changed out a card from my first draft due to the fact that it was errataed and that is not an element of the game a new player needs to deal with.

Some quick notes on use
I kept most astromechs seperate so that the rules about having an astromech or nav computer will be brought up.
I used basic starship weapons (Proton Torpedo and Quad Laser Cannon) because they are easy to use and can fire at both starfighters and capital ships.
I deleted sectors for the time being because cloud, asteriod, or DSII rules might be a bit much -- I just want the basics.


After trying an open hand game with this AND the first 30 card deck, put them together.  Play a closed game with both decks in a 60 card deck.  Go over landing starfighters and shuttling.

With this information, a new player will be ready for their first SWCCG experience and deck building.  Mind you, this is not the complete rules.  There is more to learn.  That’s where regular play comes in...

Suggestions?  I’ll try to address them...

The Ithorian
Scot Vales

'