---
layout: post
author: ! Dennis "Denethor" Jeffris
title: ! "EBO Is A Great Deck"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-06
description: ! "Here’s a good EBO that I play when I wanna win."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (6)

Hoth Main Power Generators
Hoth North Ridge
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Strike Planning
Squadron Assignments
Do Or Do Not/Wise Advice

Locations (7)

Echo Docking Bay
Echo Command Center
Echo Corridor
Kashyyyk
Anoat
Hoth
Sullust

Characters (16)

Lieutenant Blount
Lieutenant Lepira
Hol Okand
Elhyek Rue
Tycho Celchu
Mirax Terrick
Green Leader
Commander Luke Skywalker
General Calrissian
General Solo
General Crix Madine
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk
Nien Nunb
Colonel Cracken
Dash Rendar
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader

Starships (11)

Gold 4
Gold 6
Red 7
Red Squadron 1
Gold Squadron 1
Pulsar Skate
Green Squadron 1
Green Squadron 3
Tala 1
Artoo In Red 5
Outrider

Admiral’s Orders (2)

I’ll Take The Leader x2

Effects (7)

Docking and Repair Facilities
A New Secret Base
What Is They Bidding My Master
Echo Base Operations
Honor of the Jedi
Haven
Bacta Tank

Interrupts (11)

The Signal x5
Nabrun Leids
Out of Commission + Transmission Terminated
Transmission Terminated
Punch It
The Bith Shuffle + Desperate Reach
Houjix + Out of Nowhere '

Strategy: '

This is a basic EBO deck that uses Strike Planning to pull out your ground forces and to make EBO work faster.  I have 5 The Signals in here, I think that’s plenty enough to get one in your opening hand to get ANSB going.  Anyways, pull out General Solo and Crix, or if you have 1 of those in your hand, pull Calrissian.  Use The Signal to get out ANSB and deploy it.  Deploy Echo Command Center and Docking Bay from reserve with ANSB.  Next turn, get the other Echo site and Echo Base ops in your hand.  Deploy Crix to an Echo site, then pull out Cracken/Blount from Reserve and deploy them to another.  If you have enough force, deploy another character to the other and deploy EBO.  Next turn, pull out Hoth and deploy whatever ships you have there.  Next turn, deploy another planet.  Deploy ships, then next turn, do the same, etc.  Make sure you get Hol Okand to Kashyyyk and Lepira to Anoat for the extra 1 to the drains.  You’ll get goin fast, and only a dedicated space fleet will take out your ships.  Use OOC/TT to get rid of pesky Visage and whatever else.  Deploy General Solo and COK to a location where opponent is the weakest or doesn’t expect you have to have any kind of ground forces.  Make sure you leave about 4 force to cancel his battle destiny this turn and next.  Keep more force if you’re afraid he’ll do some kind of tomfoolery on you.  Have fun. '