---
author: Silent "Silent Bob" Bob
title: 'Breaking Point'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-29
description: 'A no flip (What else) Endor Ops deck.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Vehicles (2)
       Blizzard 2 
       Tempest 1 

Starships (10)
       Avenger 
       Bossk In Hound’s Tooth 
       Chimaera 
       Dengar In Punishing One 
       Devastator 
       IG-88 In IG-2000 
       Stinger 
       Thunderflare 
       Virago 
       Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 

Characters (17)
       Admiral Chiraneau 
       Admiral Ozzel 
       Admiral Piett 
       Arica 
       Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle 
       Captain Lennox 
       Commander Merrejk 
     2 Darth Vader With Lightsaber 
       Emperor Palpatine 
       Ephant Mon 
       Grand Admiral Thrawn 
       Guri 
       Lieutenant Cabbel 
       Officer Evax 
       Prince Xizor 
       U-3PO (Yoo-Threepio) 

Devices (1)
       Homing Beacon 

Effects (12)
       Battle Order 
       Black Sun Fleet - Admiral’s Order 
       Imperial Decree 
       Ominous Rumors 
       Perimeter Patrol 
       Power Of The Hutt 
       Return To Base 
       Secret Plans 
       Something Special Planned For Them 
     2 We’re In Attack Position Now - Admiral’s Order 
       You Cannot Hide Forever 

Interrupts (10)
       Ghhhk & Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us 
       Imperial Barrier 
     2 Imperial Command 
       Omni Box & It’s Worse 
       Prepared Defenses 
       Shocking Revelation 
       The Circle Is Now Complete 
     2 Twi’lek Advisor 

Locations (7):
       Endor 
       Endor: Bunker 
       Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay) 
       Kashyyyk 
       Kessel 
       Mon Calamari 
       Sullust 

Objective:
       Endor Operations/Imperial Outpost 


Strategy: 

I have taken out Blizzard 2 and added the Executor.

I have taken out The Circle is now complete and added Point Man.  That Card cancels a lot of stuff.

Starting

Endor Ops
Endor
Endor: Bunker
Endor: Landing Platform
Prepared Defenses
Power of the Hutt
Secret Plans
You Can’t Hide Forever

First, Lose You Can’t Hide Forever to get Perimeter Patrol.

Second, Activate.

Third, Use Secret Plans to get out Shocking Revelation

Fourth, Get out Ominus Rumors

Fifth, Get out Ephant and deploy him to the Bunker.  Now the opponent can’t get here without deploying Endor: Back Door.  This does include Nabrun.

Use Imperial Command to get out Piett.  Use Piett to get out Commander Merrejk.  Deploy Merrejk to the Bunker where he will be safe until you get all the systems out.  Use Merrejk to deploy systems.

Black Sun Fleet has to be one of my favorite Admiral’s Orders.  Though the picture isn’t very nice, the game text is.  This allows my independent ships to make a move during my control Phase.  If I have an Indy ship at a system I control and other ships are at another system occupied by the opponent, I could drain and then move so they can be in the battle.

Also, If my opponent’s ships are preventing me from draining, I can just move the indy ship to drain.  I love that AO.

Arica and U-3PO are in the deck to go and stop drains.

Stinger and Verago are there because they are Indy ships.  If possible, deploy Guri and Xizor on the ships and start to add those battle destinies.

Something Special Planed for the Them is good to stop WYS/Harvest decks and swarm decks.

Homing Beacon allows my ships to move as a ’react’ and moves for free.  I like this card.

Omni Box and it’s worse is in there because it is a cycle 5 and I have seen people play with It Could Be Worse.  I hate that card.

Return to Base saves my ships from destruction.

Mon Cal is a 2/1 system where the opponent can only drain for 1.

Kessel: the gametext requires an ability of 6 to draw battle destiny.  That does include added bonuses like WYS’s Flip side with the two smugglers.  Without ability 6, the opponent gets no battle destiny, regardless of any other card that allows it.  The only way to counter this is if a pilot allows a battledestiny if unable to otherwise.  Even with that, it is only ONE battle destiny.

Boba Fett with blaster Rifle is so much better than Boba Fett in Slave one.  He adds a destiny against Super Falcon and can add a destiny if Han is on the ground.  He helps out the ground forces and has a higher forfeit.


To defeat certain deck types:

EBO: Set up Imperial Decree.  Instead of getting Perimeter Patrol with You Can’t Hide Forever, get Something Special Planned For them.  Set up Battle Order.  Most of the time, the opponent won’t occupy a battleground site.

Profit: Deploy Arica.  They might free Han, but they can’t drain.

WYS: Make sure you get Perimeter Patrol Down.  That will protect you from swarms of cheap smugglers hitting the Endor: Landing Platform.  You space fleet should stop the opponent’s.

Hidden Base: Don’t be fooled.  Start Perimeter Patrol.  The opponent might play with X-Wing Swarm decks, but most of the time, those decks are mains and toys.  You need the Patrol to protect you.

I’m seriously considering adding 2 cards: Executor and Mob Points.  I know that I would take out Blizzard 2 for the Executor, but I don’t know what to take out for Mob Points.  If I did put in Mob Points, I would start Power of the Hutt, Mob Points, and You Can’t Hide forever.  Any help would be appriciated.     