---
layout: post
author: ! Cat "CatLoneRogue" Ceder
title: ! "The Deck Is   "
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-12
description: ! 'Plain and Simple, A Dark Deal, Cloud City Occupation deck that stands the test of time'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'                 -Starting Stuff- 
                 This Deal Is Getting Worse All The Time/Pray I Don’t Alter It Any Further 
                 Cloud City Upper Walkway 
                 Secret Plans 
                 Prepared Defense 
                 Mobilization Points 
                 Imperial Arrest Order 
                 Crush The Rebellion 

                 -Locations- 
                 Bespin 
                 Bespin Cloud City 
                 Cloud City Downtown Plaza 
                 Cloud City East Platform 
                 Cloud City Lower Corridor 
                 Cloud City West Gallery 
                 Death Star II Docking Bay 

                 -Characters- 
                 Admiral Chiraneau 
                 Admiral Ozzel 
                 Lord Vader 
                 Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith 
                 Grand Admiral Thrawn 
                 General Veers 
                 Commander Igar 
                 Dengar With Blaster Carbine 
                 Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba 
                 IG-88 With Riot Gun 
                 4-LOM With Concussion Rifle 
                 Janus Greejatus 
                 Lt. Cmdr. Arden 
                 Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand 
                 Prince Xizor 
                 Guri 
                 Niado Duegad 

                 -Weapons- 
                 Vader’s Lightsaber 
                 Mara Jade’s Lightsaber 

                 -Vehicles/Ships- 
                 Blizzard 1 
                 Tempest 1 
                 Boba Fett in Slave I 
                 Bossk in Hounds Tooth 
                 Chimera 
                 Executor 
                 OS-72-1 in Obsidian 1 
                 OS-72-2 in Obsidian 2 
                 Zuckuss in Mist Hunter 

                 -Interrupts/Effects- 
                 Battle Order 
                 Cloud City Occupation 
                 Dark Deal 
                 Search & Destroy 
                 Something Special Planned for Them 
                 There is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement 
                 Dark Maneuvers & Talon Roll 
                 Evader & Monnok 
                 Ghhhk & Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us 
                 Imperial Barrier 
                 Imperial Command x2 
                 Sniper & Dark Strike 
                 Twi’lek Advisor 
                 Weapon Levitation 
                 Point Man 
                 Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down 
                 Reactor Terminal '

Strategy: '

                 Greetings and welcome to another fun filled deck by the Garindan Collector. 

                 This deck was made in a jest at first to play against the upcoming QMC deck but it had some different cards in it, but I
                 wanted to actually make it a viable deck for now so I did and this is what I came up with. 

                 It’s quite simple really you get your starting stuff out and then fish for Dark Deal first, then the Cloud City Occupation,
                 oh, and first turn fetch the Executor w/Mobilization Points so you don’t have that ciruclating (before you activate). Once
                 you activate fetch the Death Star II Docking Bay (if there) and drop a scrub, yes I know it’s not Cloud City, but that’s a
                 +2 Force Activation momentarily, when you activate for your second turn, not barring sites you should have something
                 like 9 to 10 force not counting your opponent and you only give up 2 or 3 (on the first turn). After a few turns get that
                 scrub off the D*II DB cause he’ll get squished, of it you have the extra stuff after you’ve secured a decent set up with at
                 least ability of 4 (or more) then move someone there to back him up. 

                 The average drains in the this deck w/DD out, and no assistance from your opponent is 15 (that’s the high) average
                 about 9. Most people will just tell me that, oh Jedi Testing will kill your force drain bonuses, yes, it will but not for long,
                 cause it will take them at least 7 turns to get it to go, and after the 3rd I am usually draining fro about 9. Also, Menace
                 Fades isn’t that nasty against me cause they have to hold both a system and a battle ground, and well my space is
                 small, it’s powerful where I need it. And as for ground, well I have plenty of that as well. 

                 Against most every deck just set up as normal and force drain hard. Let them make the mistake of coming to you. Don’t
                 deploy to Bespin or Bespin Cloud City (vs Hidden Base) till you have the ground secured. Then just drop, flip, and then
                 back up. You’ll be safer that way. And remember, Talon Roll/Dark Manuever the OS’s in the clouds where they become
                 HUGE 

                 If you have any questions feel free to email or d-mail (lone_rogue@hotmail.com) or AIM CatLoneRogue or ICQ
                 35800711 

                 Thanks, 

                 Cat "The Ultimate Kubaz Collector" Ceder 
'