---
layout: post
author: Philip "WorldChamp" Marschall
title: 'Watch out for the Portal! Oops too late......Remade'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-05-20
description: 'This deck is like my last ground WYS with Fallen Portal except better (i think).'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (8)
WYS/Mara and Talon 
Tat System
Cantina 
DB 94
Squad Ass.
Insurrection
Staging Areas
HFTMF

Locations (5)
CC DB
Hoth DB
Spaceport DB
Back Door
Kessel

Characters (18)
Jedi Luke
Master Luke 
Han w/Heavy x2
Dash 
Chewie Protector
Talon
Leebo
Mirax
Wedge
R-3P0
Melas
Artoo & Threepio
Freighter Captain x5

Ships (4)
Lando in Falcon
Pulsar Skate
Outrider
Red Squad 1

Weapons (3) 
Luke’s Stick x2
Merc Armor

Interrupts (18)
Fallen Portal x4
Artoo, I have a Bad Feeling About this x3
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes/Lando in the Tube x3
Local Defense x3
Control/Tunnel Vision
OOC/TT
Don’t Get !@#$y!
Houjix/Out of Nowhere
Rug Hug

Effects (1)
Goo Nee Tay

Admiral’s Orders (2)
No Questions Asked 
I’m On the Leader 

Strategy: 

OK this deck is cool and I like playing it so remember that.

Response to reviews
I do have retrieval (the Nar Shaddaa chimes) i know its not much, but its still something
mebbe on or off the edge..............but i don’t got either
also, it IS mara, cuz she and talon start a smugglers organization in the books....and it looks nothing like mirax

Card Choices

Master Luke??? Probally cuz I only have 1 Jedi Luke and also I wanna bounce pepl. Against Scum its master and against BHBM or Hunt Down its Jedi.

No Lando??? Well I just couldn’t find a Lando that goes in when making this deck so I just put in Lando in ship.

Kessel??? DUH anything that you can pull that is drain of three is worth putting in.

Local Defense??? This card is DA BOMB!!! Pulls Outrider which pulls dash....Put a freighter captain on it and put at Kessel for drain of 3.

Artoo, I Have A Bad Feeling About This??? This is about the best card in SW:CCG. Can be pulled with Artoo & Threepio (which I REALLY need another of) to cancel ALL of their destinies. Vader alone at a site with them holding I Have You Now??? No problemo, just drop Chewie, Han and Artoo and Threepio and you’ve got vader down for the count (play OOC and get vader, now hes gone forever!)



Matchups:
Hunt Down: VERY TOUGH. I lost by 25 to the state champion’s hunt down battle. It was NOT cool. Dueling hunt down is a lot easier because I can just hold the cantina with Freighter Captains and mebbe han or sumpthin and drain at kessel. Don’t deploy Luke unless you are SURE they can’t get to him. Mebbe let them duel Jedi Luke, cuz its minus 3 for them. Cancel Visage with TT and beat them up with scrub smugglers.


Most ground decks are tough and Space decks are easier. I can make planned attacks on weak systems and drain a lot on the ground. When they come to battle me, I can make game winning battles to win. 

Thats about it, any questions, just feel free to ask.   