---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "MadSkills84" Pistone
title: ! 'Madskills Expand The Palace'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-06
description: ! 'Ok activate a crap load, win the podrace beat the hell out of what they deploy and sense the crap out of quiet mining colony.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (6)
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace
Start Your Engines
Tatooine Podrace Arena
Sebulba’s Podracer
Boonta Eve Podrace
Expand The Empire

Locations (6)
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba’s Palace Droid Workshop
Jabba’s Palace Dungeon
Jabba’s Palace Enterance Cavern
Jabba’s Palace Lower Passages
Jabba’s Palace Rancor Pit

Characters (17)
3x Darth Vader With Lightsaber
3x Darth Maul
2x Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Mighty Jabba
Prince Xizor
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba
Guri
U-3PO

Starships (3)
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Stinger

Weapons (3)
2x Darth Maul’s Lightsaber
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

Interrupts (19)
4x Sense
3x Podracer Collision
2x Elis Helrot
2x Sniper & Dark Strike
2x Masterful Move
Monnok
Weapon Levitation
You Are Beaten
The Circle Is Now Complete
Twi-Lek Advisor
Omni Box & It’s Worse

Effects (6)
2x Presence Of The Force
Search And Destroy
Secret Plans
Come Here You Big Coward
First Strike

'

Strategy: '

Ok so basically you get the start off on the podrace in the beginning game and you get guaranteed activation pulled with Jabba’s Palace.  The SAC is completely huge against the qmc decks that think they can run all over the whole game and you can’t touch them.  Wrong, just sense that unique path of least resistance and beat down epp leia for about 12-15.  Then when you win the podrace they are left scratching their heads, after this is all done through down a presence of the force on that site you beat them off of, and drain for like 4 a turn.

Here’s some card explanations

Every JP Site Might as well get as much activation as possible.

Vader EPPs I like one character to have a guaranteed lightsaber swing whenever he hits the table.

U-3PO So when they build up their super site of 3 Jedi’s and 3 unique sabers and drain for 6 you can get the last laugh.

Little Space Because the same is true for most light decks, I’ll let QMC have the system, i’ll beat them down on the ground.

Senses These cards rule, just a superior card in the environment now.

Elis Helrot Not many people starting insurrection.....

Podracer Collision Just in case you aren’t winning the podrace.

Sniper & Dark Strike It used to be good, now it’s even better with Darth Maul.

Masterful Move Solid all around destiny 6.

Omni Box & It’s Worse Because some track better than me. -)

First strike Didn’t save force? Gonna be hard to play narrow escape or dodge now.....

Come Here You Big Coward If you lose the podrace and they only have one site......aww too bad no retrieval for them.

Dmail me with any questions.
'