---
layout: post
author: clarrie " DLOTSuckers" brown
title: 'Walker Garrison-The Glory Days'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-12-16
description: ! 'This is a great deck and ive enjoyed using its combination of power drains and direct damage to crush my opponent.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'LOCATIONS8
Defensive Perimeter
Ice Plains 
Mountains x2
North ridge
DS2 db
Executor DB
Blockade Flagship Bridge

CHARACTERS14
Commander Igar
DS-61-3
DS-61-2
Ozzel
EPP Vader 
Maul W/ Lightsaber x2
U-3PO
Arica
IG-88 w/ Gun
4-LOM w/ Gun
Thrawn
Lieutenant Cabel
Boba Fett, Bounty Hunter

VEHICLES6
Blizzard 1
Blizzard 2
Blizzard 4
Tempest 1
Imperial Walker x2

STARSHIPS5 
Zuckuss in MH x2
Bossk in HT 
Dengar in  PO
Chimeara

EFFECTS10
Fear Is My Ally
IAO/ Secret Plans
ABILITY,Ability,ability
You May Start Your Landing
There&#8217;ll Be hell To Pay
Ice Storm x2
POTF
Imperial Decree
No Escape

INTERRUPTS16
Trample x2
Masterful Move/ Endor Occupation
Projective Telepathy
We Must Accelarate our Plans x2
Prepare Defenses
Imperial Barrier
Ghhhk/TRWEU
Monnok (old skool)
Omni Box/ It&#8217;s Worse 
Imperial Command x2
Always Thinking Your Stomach
Walker Garrison x2

PODRACER 1
Sebulbas Racer

DEFENSIVE SHIELDS 10
Battle Order
YCH4E
Do They Have A Code Clearance
Come Here You Big Coward
You&#8217;ve Never Won A Race
There is No Try
Oppressive Enforcement
Allegations of Corruption
We&#8217;ll Let Fate Decide, Huh
Fanfare
'

Strategy: '

Oh and if you can manage to take out a couple of cards from this really tight and solid deck then I would suggest to add GENERAL VEERS and the R3 effect SURFACE ATTACK.  
HI all, yeah this is my Recent Garrison deck Ive been playing in tournaments, here in Sydney for a far while now. Ive been using garrison because its an excellent meta choice against the popular decks at the moment especially light side combat. It has an excellent combination of Power Drains and Direct Damage.
Ok this is how it plays.
EARLY GAME
1.BEFORE you do anything pull your starting site and interrupt from YMSYL.
2.Pull DB. If you have any walkers (depending on your opponents deck type)put them down on hoth preferably the defensiver perimeter.You should be able to sting them from the third turn for a drain of two plus one before they have enough to come after you.
3.By now you should have secured the d/perimeter and started searching for other key cards like other hoth sites, ice storm,etc. to set up walker garrison.
Even if they attack with an early epp he’ll be stuck there waiting to be ice stormed.

MID GAME
1.Walker garrison should be ready and set up to power drain opponent if they havent got any drain stoppers. Menace Fades is the only major problem but the direct damage still hurts them, and all you need to do is use thrawn and your other ships to hold them off controlling the system for one turn and walker garrison drain.
2.Deploy undercover Spies where needed.Imp.Decree should also keep their drains in check.

LATE GAME
If they havent stopped your drains then the game should be over by now but if they have the direct damage should have crippled them so much that you only need to deploy main characters to beat down after they have had to spread thin to keep up the damage.

Card Choices
2 Walker Garrisons because if you only have one and you pick it up in your starting hand without the d/perimeter your stuffed.

CabelNice cheap pilot with high forfeit from iao and since subtracts one from destiny with leaders like igar helps keep walkers and pilots alive.

Igar is great since he adds a destiny when on tempest 1 and the non-unique imperial walkers.

Abilityx3-Very useful against low character decks like LSC and dagobah accelerate for it early to put pressure on them.

Always Thinking with your Stomach-This card is great and should go in most decks most decks use planet sites now and making big mains go missing is crucial these days.

MATCH UPS
 Ok Ill just cover the 3 most Popular decks at this point in the game.

WYS and QMC both these decks cause the same problems for Garrison and can be dealt with I the same way. First Imp. Decree will keep their drains low. Early damage from YMSYL effect will hurt in the long run. MM/EO will keep their respective celebrations off table. The extra old skool grabber will help a great deal to catch extra, abusive interrupts you might have missed with the shield. Menace Fades will be on table all game against these decks. Search for a couple powerful ships like, Zuckuss, Bossk, Chimeara and load em with forfeit rich pilots. Ozzel and Thrawn can be grabbed with Imp. Command, which obviously helps in, battles too. As long as you can hold a system for a couple turns Garrison will hurt em for 8 + in drain plus YMSYL damage. Undercover spies will slower em on the ground. Also Vader and Maul with lightsaber can hit their weakest sites, but be wary of cards like Path of least resistance in  QMC and dodge, barrier in WYS. 
All in all, very winnable match ups.

LSC, DUEL Of The FATES Pure Power drains. You will win the drain race. With Garrison plus YMSYL direct damage will easily over take their drains of 4. if they come after you barrier, trample. Their sabers are useless aginst walkers. They have nowhere to go from Ice storm. No escape will be important cause they will have honr of the jedi. Use it tp pull back a 3rd garrison. AAA will keep up the damage if you run out of W/Garrisons. Its probably best to just ignore them on Naboo, but if something goes wrong and your must go, wait till you have a few mains, any combination of EPP Vader, Maul w/ stick, Boba Fett BH, IG-88 and 4-lom should do the trick.

Enjoy the deck. If you should decide to use it youll find its very solid and fun to play.
Thanks and  Keep having fun.




'