---
layout: post
author: Mason "Palleon" Johnson
title: 'Blow The @#$% out of the Bunker v.2.0'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-02
description: ! 'After Tatooine comes out this deck is going to be awesome, but Its still good right now'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

' Objective (1) 
Rebel Strike Team/Garrison Destroyed 

Epic Event (1) 
Deactivate the Shield Generator 

Locations (7) 
Rendezvous Point 
Endor Docking Bay 
Endor Hidden Forest Trail 
Endor Back Door 
Endor Rebel Landing Site 
Endor Bunker 
Endor 


Characters (21) 
Daughter of Skywalker x2 
Luke Sywalker, Jedi Knight x2 
Obi-Wan with Lightsaber x2 
General Solo 
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk 
General Crix Madine 
General Calrissian 
Nien Numb 
Corporal Beezer 
Corporal Midge 
Seargant Junkin 
Wuta 
Sergeant Brooks Carlson 
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader 
Colonel Cracken 
Lt. Blount 
Corporal Kensaric 
Orrimaarko 

Starships (6) 
Gold Squadron 1 
Red Squadron 1 
Tala 1 
Tala 2 
Home One 
Liberty

Interrupts (9) 
Throw Me Another Charge x2
Heading for the Medical Frigate 
It’s a Trap 
Jedi Presense 
The Signal 
Dash x2 
I Know 

Effects (10) 
Your Insight Serves You Well 
Battle Plan 
Menace Fades 
Goo Nee Tay 
Close Air Support x2 
Do or Do Not & Wise Advice 
Bacta Tank 
Squadron Assignments 
Strike Planning 

Weapons (5) 
Anakin’s Lightsaber 
Luke’s Lightsaber 
Explosive Charge x3   '

Strategy: '

 
edit The Deck 

This deck is very solid in all area’s, it can kill all of the popular dark decks of today Hunt Down, BHBM, Court, TDIGWATT, etc. It drains for tons and has huge multiple destinyies in battle. It’s going to the next DPC in Vegas, so a need a few constructive comments before then, but it is very good in it’s present state, but just need a little tweaking. 

Starting Deploy RST, The landing site, and use Heading for the Medical Frigate to pull your effects Strike Planning, Squadron Assignments, and Insurrection. But the thrid effect can vary depending on what your opponent is playing, other posibilities are YISYW, Menace Fades, Battle Plan, Etc. This deck can pull all the things you need early, and that is the true power of this deck. Stack 

Early Game Use Strike Planning to pull general Solo and Crix. Use Crix to pull a scout Kensaric or Midge. Get them down to the Rebel Landing Site. Grab Chewie and Wuta, to get your sites and stack all the scouts you can on the Landing Site and get the nessary effects you need out once your ready get control of the system and stack at the bunker and blow it, then get your scouts spread and begin the draining. 

Mid-game Menace, Plan, Etc, they won’t be able to drain for a thing, and with your added destinies they won’t be able to battle you on the ground either. With your massive drains they sould be roasting over an open fire by this time. 
Don’t worry about being attacked with Close Air Support + Dash Tech 

End-game Finish them off with your drains and battling. He won’t have a chance because he cant modify your drains. Your retrrval of scouts will be a great help. with what he has left he won’t have much to fight you with so you can spread out even mere and drain. 

Use your Intrruptrs, Effects, and Drains and you can win pretty easily. 

Matchups 
Vs. Hunt Down ONce vader is on the table spread out and begon their death. You don’t need Luke or Ben to COntrol your dites, so just use them on suicide missions, and contol the gorund with your scouts. HUnt Down is a difficult mactup, but sice they cant drain for much and they cant battle worth @#$% they haven’t a chance Vs. you Drains, Retrival, ETC. 

Vs. BHBM Should be a good game, but if everthing works out for you their dead, USe luke on Suicide missions early then give him up. DON"T lose any battles so he cant be crossed over. WIth your massive drain and good retrival they sould be dead relatively early, but never underestimate the power of the dark side. 

Vs. TDIGWATT If he’s not playijg imperials he’s screwed. If you can knock him off the system battle pan will kill his drains, and you will have rerival and they proabably won’t so that gives you a big advatage. Don’t let him duel and you can win. These aren’t to popular, but they are still out there. 

Vs. SYCFA Battle Pan will Kill them, and if they try to come to the ground they will die. Your massive drains will overpower him, and with your retrval it will be a nice bonus. Difficult match, but easy if you play very well. 

Vs. Endor Ops Cancel Rumors and their drains will be dead. Destroy them in battles on the ground and in space, then retrieve and drain. This deck has never lost to an Endor Ops. 

Thanks for Reading and Reviewing   '