---
layout: post
author: ! Matt "TmastamattC" Ehrhart
title: ! "what are the ODDS its SPEEDERS (version 3 0)"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-15
description: ! "well ladies and mutant starwars players, it’s real simple. objective to cross vader with, speeders for power, and numbers to top it off."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'STARTING 
There Is Good In Him/I Can Save Him 
Chief Chirpa’s Hut 
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight 
Luke’s Lightsaber 
Landing Platform (Docking Bay) 
I Feel The Conflict 
Heading For The Medical Frigate 
Staging Areas 
Insurrection 
Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice 

LOCATIONS (5) 
EndorBack Door 
EndorLanding Platform (docking bay) 
Home One Docking Bay 
Hoth Docking Bay
Tatooine Docking Bay 

CHARACTERS (10) 
8D8 x2 
Artoo x3 
Boushh
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight 
Obi-Wan with Lightsaber x3 

VEHICLES (12) 
Rebel Snowspeeder x5 
Sandspeeder x4 
Snowspeeder x3 

INTERRUPTS (17) 
Droid Shutdown x3 
Fallen Portal x3 
Rebel Barrier x2 
Shocking Information 
The Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach x2 
The Signal x3 
OutOfCommission&TransmissionTerminatedx3 

EFFECTS (6)
Battle Plan 
Hopping Mad 
Maneuvering Flaps 
Never Tell Me The Odds x2 
Undercover  
'

Strategy: '

DESTINY MAP OUT (not including starting) 
0’s =4 (which 2 come out early) 
1’s =11 (characters and some speeders) 
2’s =0 
3’s =8 (the last few speeders and odds) 
4’s =6 (thekeyinterrupts Portal/Barrier) 
5’s =13 (mostly used interrupts) 
6’s =8 (key to ODDS and keeping artoo alive) 

WHO LOVES CYCLING 5S AND 6S? you know i do, just look back at the deck i made. its the way i normally make my decks... 
why Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight and not the new reflections II Luke? well i have two reasons for this, one he’s a destiny 6, and second because he’s just a machine... power 8 (so long as he keeps his lightsaber) is difficult to hit, and difficult to break his immunity while alone... i feel no group of bounty hunters could take him while he’s at a docking bay, and you have a fallen portal. 
plain and simply i have a new found love for this card. with the destiny in this deck it’s a god card. 
for those of you who think monnok will kill this deck, there’s a simple way to stop monnok from killing your hand. play smart, i don’t say that trying to make people feel stupid or because i think i’m better than you. but because you play smart, if you get a second of a certain interrupt in your hand you play it. that’s why most of the interrupts are used. now for the speeders, you just have to know when to draw the line when drawing cards. if you do get monnoked then so be it, you can’t win them all? i haven’t beed killed by a monnok yet, that’s not to say that i won’t be. 
ive been working on this deck for a while now, and its had some changes here and there. each change for the better, i think anyway. the deck is real simple. i took three of the most devestating light decks that i could think of, and combined them. think about it, as if vader didnt have to worry about being crossed. now he has to worry about how low his destiny is. granted numbers is one of the easiest things to counter, but you can always find someone w/o the effect. the speeders are the key to crossing, you need to make sure that you always out power them. what helps w/ this is the fallen portals. with such high destiny in the deck you are always able to take out one character. 
its an easy starting set up. your firt turn should always be find home one docking bay, dropping a speeder there, and moving luke to the endor docking bay. your second turn you find the tatooine docking bay and drop some more speeders, that is if you have them. hold obi for a pic and choose kind of battle, or for late game. be smart when facing a vader based deck, namely hunt down and bring, when deploying obi. the next thing you need to get done, is getting manuevering flaps on the table. from there its just using it correctly, and finding a fallen portal or two. portals can win you the game very easily... 
now everyone knows how to take this deck if it were just speeders? just take luke w/ vader and move into the hut to drain. now i thought this threw, and thats why i put in the undercover/artoo/droid shutdown s. artoo, normally, is simple to kill, but when you keep canceling the attempt to kill him. he tends to stick around for a long time. and now w/ hopping mad in here, you find a droid shutdown during your control phase. now how’s that for keeping artoo on the table? now why don’t i play A Gift, you may ask? well i had it in here for a while, but in my area nobody was really playing any scum. if scum is big in your area then i would strongly suggest that you fit it in. it is a scum killer. if scum or anything revolving around aliens/audience chamber isn’t big in your area, then i see no point to the card. i mean you have the undercovers in there for artoo, and A Gift is completely useless, unless of course you want to play the AC and a tat. docking bay. but that would require you to replace too many cards, and i think its hard enough trying to fit things into this deck as is. 
remember that you should think when you play this game. if theyre not playin anti numbers you SHOULDNT drop low destiny characters. that is unless they capture luke (i realize a captured luke doesnt count towards numbers). when this happens, and it just about always does, you have an opening for a character on the table. fill the spot w/ either boushh o, undercover of course. dont ruin the numbers. 
next thing is the obis in the deck. pretty much, hes for indoors. suiside mains was the term. use him when theyve got thin forces somewhere, the destiny always can help to win the battle. once you get atleast 3 cards on the conflict you can cross. remember what i said before, beware of the circle. if for the slightest reason you think he’s got it in his hand, don’t put him near vader. or atleast not for a long time that is... SUICIDE main. 
so now you know how to use the undercovers, and that you should pic and choose your battles w/ obi. now you have to realize that this deck isnt gonna win them all. i know all of you will say oh a 2 star deck cause i lose to space but think about it. what deck can beat everything. this deck just gets the job done, and has done it for a long time. 
a Battle Plan would do wonders for this deck. it would help that much more against space decks... that is if there is any out there anymore. i mean your drain isnt that large anyway so its worth paying to drain at the one or two sites you got. other than that i suppose you could try to squeeze in a rebel leader card or two. anything more and you’d start to ruin the destiny in the deck. 
now if you run into a court or no imperial deck, youre a pig in $ht. luke is unstopable, so long as you have a fallen portal in your hand. even w/o one hes still a semi-god. then you throw undercover spies there way, indoors at jabbas sites. then take control of jabbas palace w/ speeders. the game is a 98% of the time win for you. 
now you can all go tell me how bad the deck sucks, and tell me its gonna lose b/c i cant beat a space deck. even though i havent seen one of them in almost three sets. oh and because im not a 2000+ rated player. think about this if thats your reason for rating it low, i placed 7 in day one at the worlds this year. that might impress nobody? and that i have a rating of 1900+. '