---
layout: post
author: ! Thomas "COTEB" Dowling
title: ! 'MKOS Done....... Rii... WRONG'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-27
description: ! 'Yeah Im sorry for that cheesy title but according to Brian Hunter this way of doing MKOS is wrong (cause it aint his)'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting
MKOS/Fearless and jank
Tatooine Desert Heart
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace (not against profit)
Prep Defenses
Power of The Hutt
First Strike
Drop


1 Blockade Flagship Bridge  
1 Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber  
1 Jabba’s Palace Lower Passages  
1 Jabba’s Sail Barge Passenger Deck  



1 4-LOM With Concussion Rifle  
1 Arica  
1 Aurra Sing  
1 Bib Fortuna  
1 Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle  
1 Boelo  
1 Chall Bekan  
1 Cloud City Engineer    
1 Dengar With Blaster Carbine 
1 Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba  
1 Ephant Mon  
1 Gardulla The Hutt  
1 IG-88 With Riot Gun  
2 Jabba  
5 Jawa (EP1) 
1 Mercenary Pilot 
1 Nebit  
1 P-59  
1 Prince Xizor  
1 U-3PO (Yoo-Threepio)  
3 Wittin  


1 Jabba’s Sail Barge  
1 Bossk In Hounds Tooth  
2 Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 


2 Abyssin Ornament & Wounded Wookie  
1 Control & Set For Stun 
1 Dune Sea Sabacc  
1 Imperial Barrier 
1 None Shall Pass 
1 Ommni Box & It’s Worse  
2 We Must Accelerate Our Plans  


2 Allegations Of Corruption  
1 Come Here You Big Coward  
1 Den Of Thieves  
1 Hutt Influence  
1 No Escape  
1 Scum And Villainy  
1 Sebulba’s Podracer  

'

Strategy: '

Update This is in the Top 10 WTF? Oh yeah got a reply to not enough ships, that’s about as many ships as I’ve always played in my decks except in my DPC deck where i played with only 1, cause HB is never a problem cause no one here plays it so.


Update Damn that’s true can’t start drop ah well switch it up for the grabber


Another thing don’t take this deck as a super serious type thing, unless i changed this a bit I wouldn’t play it in a tournament, but this was built using extra cards not in my main decks so. I was going to use the Utinni tech Jawa but i wasn’t about to look through my crap for utinnis


First you’re probably thinking ”You are playing with Jawa’s because...?”

Well I was looking through my commons took notice of one of them, Power +1 reduce force drains, got me thinking. But it came to the whole jawa problem the stupid deploy so i check the CRD STG or whatever they call it now look for jawa, modifiable values n stuff find nothing ask on the BBS someone said they are reduced by Jabba Scum n stuff so I figured why not.

You’re now thinking ”The Camp will own this”
Well when i see someone here play the camp i guess they’ll own me until then...

Ok so Character choices
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle  
This guy is the EPP Killer

Arica
Corran Horn may hurt her but, she’s can be a life saver in the first couple games in a tournament if you come up against a scrub with the hyperdrive obj

Aurra Sing  
She’s the next Djas Phur cept she’s better and steals dead people’s sabers

Bib Fortuna  
This is a MKOS deck him and Jabba make your destinies +2 and he gets pulled with POTH

Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle  
Duh

Boelo
Jabba’s Tarkin.. who gets pulled w/ POTH  

Chall Bekan  
Obvious

Cloud City Engineer
Damn profit    

Dengar With Blaster Carbine  
same as Boba

Dr. Evazan & *Ponda Baba  
cheap deploy good power.. well most of the time

Ephant Mon
lifesaver

Gardulla The Hutt  
some retrieval.. unless they want to track 1s and 2s

IG-88 With Riot Gun  
he’s iggy

2 Jabba
 Adds forefit to the Jawas and makes them deploy nice and free

5 Jawa (EP1) 
Power 2 and reduce force drains

1 Mercenary Pilot 
Him + Barge= gold

1 Nebit
Dude’s a destiny adder and subtracter  

1 P-59
he shoots stuff  

1 Prince Xizor 
his text can be useful 

1 U-3PO (Yoo-Threepio)  
Another spy cept Corran won’t hurt you that bad..cause no beatdown

3 Wittin  
My Rep.. makes the jawas power 4.. nice bonus

How you play it

Turn 1 non profit
Grab AC.. if available grab Hutt Influence otherwise grab Empant or Bib. Now if you’re getting good activation this first turn start setting up your AC with Jabba or Chell and posse. otherwise draw up a couple.

Turn 2
You’re getting atleast 7 force this turn so now you can set up how you see fit.

Turn 1 against profit
Start Jabba and Chall at the AC (grab the Engineer) Now usually I’ll use AC as my starting JP site and convert it to lower their first turn activation and deploy someone -2 from reserve deck to shore up your force there. If you can flip this turn or next with the hand you have grab bib with POTH if you can’t grab emphant.

More Card Choices
the podracer.. people are getting arrogant not putting as much podrace interrupts so you never know every now and then you may be able to pull something off

The Barge
Pulls a Twix site.. makes my guys deploy cheaper POTH makes people on it immune to att <6 ect ect



If you have a question about the deck as to what why? or why not, contact me by AIM (COTEB1) or Dmail or something before you review it just so you can be sure as to what the deck is supposed to do before you give me a review.

 Thanks for takin a look

 Tom ”COTEB” Dowling
'