---
layout: post
author: ! Brian "Spick" Spicklemire
title: ! "Jar Jars Jedis - EP1"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-12-29
description: ! 'A Well handle this deck that uses Jar Jars ability to remove the always present annoying Droids in an EP:1 Tournament setting.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting7
We&#8217;ll Handle This/ Duel Of The Fates
Inner Strength
NabooTheed Palace Generator
NabooTheed Palace Generator Core
Mindful Of The Future
Brisky Morning Munchen
An Unusual Amount Of Fear

Defensive Sheilds4
Another Pathetic Lifeform
Don&#8217;t Do That Again
Only Jedi Carry That Weapon
Planetary Defenses

Characters21
Qui-Gon Jinn x2
Qui-Gon Jinn With Lightsaber 
Mace Windu. Jedi Master
Mace Windu
Obi-Wan Kenobi, Jedi Knight x2
Yoda, Master Of The Force
Ki-Adi-Mundi
Panaka, Protector Of The Queen
Corporal Rushing
Jar Jar Binks x2
Captain Tarpals
Padme Naberrie
Queen Amidala, Ruler Of Naboo
Senator Palpatine
Supreme Chancellor Valorum
Yarua
Ric Ole
Artoo, Brave Little Droid

Starships3
Republic Cruiser x2
Queens Royal Starship

Locations3
Naboo Theed Palace Courtyard
Naboo Theed Palace Throne Room
Coruscant Galactic Senate

Weapons4
Captain Tarpals Electropole x2
Qui-Gons Lightsaber (R3)
Obi-Wans Lightsaber (R3)

Interrupts19
Changing The Odds x3
Either Way, You Win x2
Mindful Of The Future x2
Control
Sense
Alter
Are You Brain Dead?
Wesa Gotta Grand Army
Too Close For Comfort
Jedi Escape
Eventully You&#8217;ll Lose
Gimme A Lift
Darth Maul&#8217;s Demise
Big Boomers
No Giben Up, General Jar Jar

Effects3
Energy Walls
They Win This Round
Armament Dismantled
'

Strategy: '

Obviousley the strategy here is pretty simple, drain and battle... Believe it or not Jar-Jar is a HUGE help here. He can deploy anywhere to start good drains, is part fo of one of the few battle destiyn combos in EP1 format, and can take out almost any
e of the pesky droids, that almost always show up in the darksides deck. The reason we(my freend and I) decided to play this objective is that Controls and Master Droidekas are not too uncommon in this format and getting drains established is essential.
e aslo decided to use Padme for her ability to pull two Jedi. Energy walls can also be a game winner if the oppenent decides after a battle he doesn&#8217;t wanna leave. There are various high destiny interuppts in the mix to add a little edge here and there,
nd to use as combat cards.

No Money This deck is a potnent deck in this format but are deck usually comes out victorious(even against our version of it). It is a matter of making the other person focus on coming to you. He&#8217;ll usually try to come to you to stop the drains which w
l leave him a bit exposed. The only thing you really need to watch for is that you don&#8217;t hold Watto&#8217;s Junkyard without some power because when he plops down Watto it can hurt.

We&#8217;ll Let Them Make The First Move Essentially the same deck, things get interesting here. The opponent has the upper hand with interuppts, but your numbers we&#8217;ll hopefully subdue him in the long run. Armanent Dismantled is a lifesaver in a pinch and D
th Maul&#8217;s Demise will hopefully hurt him, if Qui-Gons out of play...

Other decks we see are usually just beat down decks with some random starting site, in which you have to use you instincts...

Cards we thought about adding The Camp, Another Qui-Gons Saber, Another Obi&#8217;s Saber, Another Sense.

Cards we thought about removing Alter(not many effect are played in this format), Senator Stuff...

Thanks for any help ahead of time. '