---
layout: post
author: ! Your "thezrhino" Mom
title: ! "Homosexuals and Vikatin"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-06
description: ! 'This deck proves the new Han is broken, MAKE SURE YOU READ STRATEGY BEFORE RATING -- Cheese of a new flavor'
rating: 1.5
---
Cards: 

'Deck Detail
Cards 60
    number card
         1 Cloud City Carbonite Chamber  
         4 Cloud City Casino  
         1 Cloud City Security Tower  
         1 Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber  
         1 Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle  
         3 Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith  
         1 Dengar With Blaster Carbine  
         1 IG-88 With Riot Gun  
         1 Jabba’s Prize  
         3 Lando Calrissian  
         2 Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand  
         2 Mighty Jabba  
         1 Prince Xizor  
         8 Cloud City Sabacc  
        10 Double-Crossing, No-Good Swindler  
         2 I’d Just As Soon Kiss A Wookiee  
         1 Prepared Defenses  
         4 Twi’lek Advisor  
         2 Weapon Levitation  
         1 Bad Feeling Have I  
         2 Disarmed 
         2 Expand The Empire  
         1 No Escape  
         1 Search And Destroy  
         1 Mara Jade’s Lightsaber  
         1 Vader’s Lightsaber  
         1 Carbonite Chamber Console  
         1 Carbon Chamber Testing/My Favorite Decoration 
'

Strategy: '

TAKE OUT 1 MIGHTY JABBA, Put in 1 4LOM wit Gun

Ok first off, I know someone will say "Double Crossing No good Swindler" doesent work because Han isnt at the site when hes frozen.  Well I have news.  He IS at the site, he’s just not present at the site.

Now on with the deck

Heres what the deck is built around

Double Crossing No Good Swindler

If Han and your Lando are at same site, opponent loses 3 Force.  OR If Nabrun Leids just completed a transport, Nabrun is lost and you may immediately deploy cards to that site from hand (at normal use of the Force, but troopers deploy free).

Start with The Obj, jabbas prize, carbon chamber, security tower, twilek and BFHI (most of the time, start no escape vs decks you know will pull honor)

This deck relys around quick mass direct damage that the opponent cant stop in two ways

1) DCNGS, you play it during your AND your opponents turn, automatic 3 force loss everytime you play it
2) Cloud city Sabbac- Not only do you make the opponent lose a force everytime you play it, but you ALSO get to pick WHAT they lose AND you retrive 3 (Assuming Cloud city Casino’s on table.)

So now you have a good idea of the direct damage/retrival engine works, let me explain the mechanics

1st turn grab lando (via sec tower) and audience chamber, youll draw a cloud city sabbac and a DCNGS almost no matter what, so throw lando down, and start the direct damage, throw down the audience chamber, and casino if you drew it
KEEP LANDO IN THE SECURITY TOWER AT ALL COSTS
The only time I would ever take him out is if I 1) couldnt find a expand the empire and 2) have a id just as soon kiss a wookie, to bait them for a beatdown
Obviously don’t leave lando by himself if crix is on table to search for blount or crackhead, back him up.  The damage is overwhelming, the only thing the opponent can do to stop it is grab your interupts and sense them

I REALIZE I HAVE NO SAC PROTECTION, that is STRICTLY a Meta choice, EVERYONE and there dog is playing WYS these days, and is not playing sac

If there playing grabbers (noone plays grabbers in WYS by the way) then try to get a I’d just as soon kiss a wookie, to get rid of there grabbers

Now onto matchups

VS Watch Your Step

This ownz Watch Jo step.  Takes away one of there most important characters (2 if there playing spies/nightfall version)
Flipping there obj wont hurt your force generation at ALL
Set up your direct damage/retrival, and drain em on CC, they dont stand a chance in hell

VS EBO

EZ, they commit too much time trying to set up, once they do they can sometimes come close but it doesnet matter youll NEVER LOSE to ebo.
Remember, no superfalce (you have han) NO mini superfalcon (youve got lando)
All they got left is xwing swarm.  Who cares if they drain me for 6/9 a turn and i’m playing no space, it takes them 3 turns minimum to set ebo up (assuming they dont draw echo sites/ebo) by that time you will have made them lost 18 force if you play just 1 DCNGS a turn (AND assuming you play NO cloud city sabbac and have NO retrival)

Vs Hidden Base (flip)

See above, this game is not possible for HB to win, it takes 4-5 turns to set up for them, auto win

VS Hidden Mains

Probly your hardest matchup (although its still easy, just your hardest one)
You take away 2 of there big mains, Land wit axe and General han/epp Han
Get your engine set up asap, biggest thing is WATCH OUT FOR SPYS, that and sac is ALL HIDDEN MAINS has vs you

Vs MWYHL

You might wanna start No escape on this one, since most MWYHL start YCHF and pull Honor first turn, although BFHI dramatically slows down testing (average 1/2 turns)  Theyve got nothing though, once you get out no escape start your DD/retrival they cant stop you, almost every MWYHL plays mains for beatdown while testing, and projection/spys to slow you down, that doesent work worth @#$% since you dont rely on @#$%ing drains Although ICBW does work, most MWYHL plays only 3 of those (big deal youve got 18 combined DCNGS/CCS)

Vs Profit

Not too hard.  Start wit mighty Jabba/Xizor, during your turn convert there AC and deploy some mofo From rd.  You wont be able to play DCNGS, but no biggie you still have sabbac going 4 u.  Just establish a stronghold on tat while you sabacc on CC.

Possible Card Changes

Biggest one would be instead of starting wit BFHI/Twilek start Prepared d, power of the hutt, no escape, and do or do not/wise advice, and stick in an ephant mon.  This would balance the deck more by giving it 1) spy protection 2) honor protection (your deck is based around direct damage) 3) sac protection

I dont really feel like explaining why I use specific cards, I think its prety obvious, but the Id just as soon kiss a wookie is in there for Grabber protection (and can also be a great beatdown card)

Think thats all

Any questions DMAIL me

Jason


'