---
layout: post
author: Scott "CRingwell" Lingrell
title: 'Lingrells Rebel Strike Team...2nd Place RCon Open'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-06-13
description: ! 'Using hand manipulation, 3 types of retrieval, lots of direct damage, and good drains...beat on the opponent.  This deck went 9-0 during the DPC (played by lolli) and the Open (played by me)'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Rebel Strike Team
Endor
Rebel Landing Site
Podrace Prep
Podrace Arena
Anakins Podracer
Boonta Eve Podrace
Strike Planning

Purple
Deactivate the Shield Generator
I Did It

Locations
Back Door
Bunker

Characters
Jedi Luke x2
EPP Luke
EPP Obi x2
Corran Horn
Haash’n
EPP Leia
Ackbar
Midge
Blount
Cracken
Gen Solo
Owen & Beru
Crix Madine
Melas
Orrimaarko

Devices
Landing Claw

Starships
R2 in Red 5
Home One

Weapons
Explosive Charge x3

Interrupts
Throw Me Another Charge x4
Out of Commision x6
The Signal x2
Double Agent x2
Too Close for Comfort x3

Effects
Do or Do Not/Wise Advice
Goo Nee Tay
Battle Plan
The Shield Is Down x5

'

Strategy: '

***New Edit 6/20/01
This deck won 8 of 9 podraces with Yannick Winning against Lolli for an 11 force loss but was still able to win the game.  This was helped by OOCing Vader and EPP Obi hit and running the characters Yannick played.

By the way, Steven Lewis is right...the deck is Goofy. ) Plus I might just add in the interrupt that lets you take EPP Obi and Luke into your hand if they are lost, it just is a matter of finding the card space.

***New EDIT
Ok, everyone is wondering some more why 5 Shields and only 2 Signals...

Getting Shield in your opening hand is needed to get your deck started with having force to use/draw on turn one without needing to signal.  If you have to signal turn 1 do it...if you draw Shield in your opening hand even better.  Plus they are good destiny stuff that you can lose later in the game that you can retrieve for late game high destiny.


***Edit - Lolli placed 5th in the DPC with this deck too...
Also, you do not need to start 3 Effects...I play 5 The Shield is Down to get it out early.  That is all you need to get your game moving along because they cannot ignore the Bunker and Podracing...It’s Huge.

Some more stuff - the reason I run 5 shield is down’s is because you do not want to use 3 force on turn one to get one if you can help it.  Also You start strike planning so you do not give the dark side a huge jump on force activation on thier first turn...this is huge.
***
It all started with my playtesting with Lolli and trying to make sure my RST deck could win the DPC for him. Then came the fun...for fun I threw in podracing and we realized this deck could be a beast if we fit it in the deck.  Lolli and I began to make changes and he kept telling me to ’stay focused’ and not to wander away from the high destiny that would win podraces.  After some of his creative EPP madness to kill off Maul/Jade/Vader/Palp started to look huge with the 6 OOC we decided it was a keeper. Being able to place those guys out of play is tremendous.

Starting the deck out you want to get a strong presence into the bunker as soon as you can because you will be podracing and want to blow the bunker right after you win the podrace.

By doing this you get a 28 card swing in a matter of 2 turns during the game...this is huge.  In fact this might be overly strong...I hope this deck can be meta’d against or else its going to be a long summer.

You always follow your gameplan and make sure you have an ability 4 character in the bunker at all times when you are ready to blow the bunker or else your charges go to the used pile. 

This deck went 4-0 for Lolli beating Bastian, Hayes Hunter, Mike Dalton, and Yannick Lapointe.  On Saturday I went 5-0 with it (including the final deul, beating Hayes again twice with it.)

I am not one on stratey but you play your game and you cannot lose (exception - dark deal) this deck does damage quicker that your retreival and damage so you need to go to their location quick and try and blow the bunker too.

Always use EPP Obi for hit and runs on Dark side mains if possible to OOC them when they get to the lost pile.

This deck against everything else just plays your game because if they do not come to you, they will lose almost everytime from your solid drains and direct damage early.

No matter what, have fun with it.  This deck always can use personal changes when you use it but just try and keep the destiny numbers high

Good Luck

Scott Lingrell
RamapoCon 3 Open runner-up     '