---
layout: post
author: Zack "Fett Lord" Phillips
title: 'Court Scum'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-19
description: 'This is my 1st deck submission. I am new to the game and have composed this of half my own design, and the other half by using the best court decks i could find. This is because of my lack of card supplies and knowledge of the cards. This deck Drains, Ret'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective
Court/ I shall enjoy watching you die

Locations (8)

Audience Chamber (Strt)
Great Pit (Strt)
Jabba Dungeon (Strt)
Jp Sail barge Passenger Deck
Jp Rancor Pit
Tatooine JP
DS2 DB

Characters (16)

Bane Malar
Dengar w/ gun
Mara
Fett w/ gun
Bibby
Lom w/ gun
Iggy w/ gun
Jodo
Mosep
Gailid
Chall
CC Engineer
Evazan/Baba
Jabba
Ephant
Boelo

Creatures (2)

Bubo
Rancor

Ships and Vehicles (5)

Sail Barge
Zukuss in ship
Dengar in ship
Iggy in ship
Bossk in ship

Inerrupts (15)

Prepared D (Strt)
Hidden Weapons x2
Ghhk
Control sfs x2
Trap door x2
Twilek advisor x2
None Shall pass x2
oota goota solo
Elis

Effects (11)

Resistance
Power of the Hutt (Strt)
You can’t hide
No Escape
Scum
Hutt Influence
No Bargain
All wrapped up
Secret Plans
S+D
TINT/OE
Disarmed

Weapon (1)

Mara’s saber

Strategy

I just started in swccg, but have a pretty good grasp of it. At first this was an imperial court deck, but after failing w/ that, i looked up some court decks and took out all my imperial stuff out and added in some of the normal courtscum stuff.

I am going to my 1st tourny soon, and ill use this and an ebox deck. Therfore i havent played against many deck types, but ill do my best in the "Against Other Deck" Section.

Why This Card?

Bubo- Arconas have given me trouble, so he was the answer

Rancor Stuff- Who doesnt like Mr Rancor? He eats stuff while I’m flipped, then gets me back to the bonuses of court.

S+D- Ebo is big in my area, so i use this, and court to make them lose.

Mos/Gal- Get them at the choke point, there reserve, and drain them for all they got. I do have some probs w/ suicide mains w/ guns....

Cant Hide- To get out S+D

Power of hutt- I can pull a lot of my deck w/ this. Mostly Hutt Influence and the barge.

Evazan combo- Can operate as many times as he wants, which is killer w/ all my guns.

Ships- I have never had a problem w/ only these 4, so until i do ill just stick w/ them.

None Shall/SFS- Protect my guys early, and also key for protecting my measly number of ships.

Barrier- I want to add another. Bait, Barrier, Beat Down.

Card i like to add

Another Barrier
Blast door control
Another Disarm.
What can i take out?

Against....(the decks i played)

EBOX

Tough. Make them lose big on court and S+D, but watch out for mains w/ toys suciding. I usually only deploy to space when i ahve a ghhk or barrier and zuckuss. X wing guns own the ships, so watch out. Try and battle as much as you can to regain the massive losses. Resistance helps cap off these so start it. Dont try to take over hoth bc not many good players will let you cancel ebo, so whats the point? Most likely you will get smacked w/ a barrier and ice storm anyway. You could try a mad dash to cancel incom...
Start- Resistance, Power, and YCh4ever

Profit

Not a problem. Start jabba and chall for dirt cheap aliens. 1st turn pull out beoalo and galid. Also revert audience chamber and try to make the JP yours. You can most likely eat a lot of people this game...so be rdy for that. Also make sure you have bibby down so they cant move han away. The Trap door him and they are shot to poo. Do not worry about what they are doing i fthey are building up there forces elsewhere, if they naburn over just oota gota and sfs them, and then deploy a massive beat down. This deck should be a breeze.
Start- Power, All wrap, and secret plans.

Local Uprising

If by some reason someone uses this, you should blow it away. No escape and hutt influence will win this game for you no problem. Play reactive and win.

Well Thats the 3 types i have played against. Ill add more after my tourny. Thanks.





Strategy: 

opps. Put my strategy in my deck section...sorry. Anyway my last section is basic setup.

Early game
During your first couple phases pull out the cards you need w/ power of the hutt. Have no bargain and none shall pass to protect your guys while they are vulnerable. Hopefeully you can get Jabba, Chall, Mosep, Galid, a twileck, or scum in your opening hand. Pull the one you need most w/ ac and just start playing. Don’t deploy your guys unless you have to, sav ethem for a mighty beatdown. Use bubo to eat spies that block your drains.

Mid Game
Your rancor might be seeing some action around this time. Use trap door on there highest forfeit  guy and make them lose huge. Also SFS, NSP, Ig88 and IMP when they move to jabbas palace. Then smack them around hard w great combos such as evazan/dengar to make them lose huge battle damage. kast and fett can come through huge w/ hidden weapons. 

Late Game

By now most of their ground forces should be diminished so just drain and don’t get sloppy. Use whatever ships you have left to block any space drains. This deck usually wins big and is something like 6-0 in my playtesting.

Sorry for putting the strat in wrong section. 