---
layout: post
author: Mason "Palleon" Johnson
title: 'Dashing Profit Scouts'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-30
description: 'Profit of the Future!'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting(8) 
You Can Either Profit By This / Or Be Destroyed 
Jabba’s Palace: Audience Chamber 
Tatooine: Jabba’s Palace 
Han with Heavy Blaster Pistol 
Heading for the Medical Frigate 
Strike Planning 
Insurrection 
Staging Areas 

Characters(20) 
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x3 
Ben Kenobi x3 
General Solo 
Daughter of Skywalker x2 
Lando with Vibro-Ax x2 
Chewbacca of Kashyyyk 
General Crix Madine 
Lieutant Page 
Orrimarko 
Sergeant Brooks Carlson 
Sergeant Junkin 
Lieutenant Greeve 
Lieutenant Blount 
Major Panno 

Interrupts(19) 
Insertion Planning x3 
Jedi Presence x2 
Out of Commision & Transmission Terminated x2 
Control & Tunnel Vision x2 
Old Ben x2 
Dash x2 
Houjix & Out of Nowhere 
Someone Who Loves You 
Gift of the Mentor 
Fallen Portal x2
Courage of a Skywalker 

Effects(5) 
Projection of a Skywalker x2 
Goo Nee Tay 
Civil Disorder 
Bacta Tank 

Locations(5) 
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94 
Tatooine: Cantina 
Tatooine: Mos Eisley 
Jabba’s Palace: Entrance Cavern
Home One: Docking Bay 

Weapons(3) 
Luke’s Lightsaber 
Anakin’s Lightsaber 
Obi-wan’s lightsaber 



Strategy: 

Playing: Grab your generals, and pull the Home One:DB deploy crix and pull sergeant Brooks Carlson. Save your force and then next tuen pull your otheer docking bay and pull another scout. Deploy your scouts with Crix. and luke for -3. then transit them for free to the Tat:DB. Then darw a few and then next turn pull another scout and deploy him with Crix and Crew! Then put down leia at the Chamber and if they started aliens of deployed someone there. Let them battle you otherwise free han. THen when they try to beatdown leia play dash and react enveryone over and play a jedi presense. Chop a character and let the damage flow, and if they cancel your react then play Houijx. Hard combo to pull off, but it’s a game winner. If your playing pure space just free han first turn and continue as a noral profit and drain and battle, the combo my come together at any time. Once you use it once they will be afraid to battle you and you can drain them out! 

Thanks for Reading + Reviewing! 