---
layout: post
author: ! John "Shadow 29" Anderson
title: ! "RogueBlitzkreig EBO"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-14
description: ! "A New Secret Base deck that drains for  and sets up EBO in 2"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (4)

Hoth Main Power Generators
Hoth North Ridge
The Signal
A New Secret Base

Locations (7)

Hoth
Hoth Docking Bay
Hoth War Room
Hoth Echo Corridor
Kiffex
Mon Calamari
Sullust

Characters (10)

Figrin D’an
Ishi Tib x2
Luke With Stick
Obi Wan Kenobi
Obi-Wan With Stick
Mirax Terrik
DSII Wedge
Hobbie
Zev Senesca

Starships (15)

Home One
Rogue 3
Rogue 4
Lando in Millennium Falcon
Spiral
X-Wing x10

Weapons (3)

Obi’s Stick
X-wing Laser Cannons x2

Effects (9)

Do, Or Do Not/ Wise Advice
Echo Base Operations
Echo Base Garrison
Haven
Honor Of The Jedi
Ice Storm
Incom Corporation
Menace Fades
Order To Engage

Interrupts (11)

Rebel Barrier x2
All Wings Report In x2
Organized Attack x2
The Signal x2
Power Pivot
Rapid Fire
Hyper Escape

Admirals Order (1)

Concentrate All Fire


'

Strategy: '

On your first turn use A New Secret Base to pull Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room) and Hoth Echo Corridor. You should draw at least one character so deploy him down at Hoth Echo War Room, if you draw another character deploy him down at Hoth Echo Corridor. Draw if you need more characters. On your second turn pull Hoth Echo Docking Bay and Echo Base Operations. Search for Incom Corporation and Haven if you’ve got The Signal and deploy your rogues down to Hoth and deploy Luke and Obi to the 4th Marker. Now you should have EBO setup ,and protected, and Haven at Hoth. Deploy a lone X-Wing at each system, except Mon Calamari, to drain. Put Home One on Mon Calamari for a safe drain. If they are going to thump you, use Hyper Escape to get away. Then, on your turn smack them with loads of X-Wings, which you should have accumulated, and the Falcon OR the Spiral. Now you should be draining for **** If your opponent is dominating in space deploy Home One and several X-Wings to Kiffex, with drain of 4 a turn it shouldn’t take long to destroy him. Play cat and mouse in space. Do nt battle unless you know you can win.


Some advanced strategy

- If you fear a Monnok, deploy some X-Wings at the docking bay. Also, to flip deploy an X-wing to the docking bay to get the required "3 occupy"

- Don’t deploy Haven early on, wait untill your opponent drops by, and THEN use it for the beatdown after you’ve Hyper Escaped/Rebel Barriered or just forfeited the lone X-Wing. This works much better along with your offensive cards

- Rapid Fire/Power Pivot- They make sure you can handle a lot of mess that’s encountering you. And he doesn’t know you’re going to upload that X-Wing Cannon...

- Order to Engage/Rebel Barrier- This is for guaranteed Force loss.

- When facing Imperial Decree, make sure your Ice Storm will be rolling if they come down at Hoth (get it with a Signal), and beat up the rest with your Obi-Luke. If they try to control 2 systems and a site for Decree, make sure they’ll never ever get 2 control 2 systems, so fight your way out of space, try to totally overpower the DS instead of draining.

- Menace Fades along with your small speeder theme can work quite nicely. And when they’re coming to invade Hoth, get Honor of the Jedi to cancel their drains. In other words be sure you get out the right effects in certain games with The Signal, don’t waste it to get Haven or Incom every game

- Try to get things set up as fast as you can.

- When playing against space decks, be sure to get your Order To Engage and Concentrate All Fire for Admiral Order’s overdeployment

- Don’t forget to use your Ishi Tibs / Mirax Terrik wisely. They’re safe at Echo Base, and they’ll let you get cards you’ve been able to track, or just ditch un-useful stuff or high destiny back in your deck.

Again, if played right this can be an awesome deck with huge power and huge force drains

'