---
layout: post
author: ! Ryan "Dooger511" Fugett
title: ! 'Doogers RTP deck.'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-09-29
description: ! 'A hell of a deck. Fun to play and wins.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (11)
Rescue The Princess/Sometimes I amaze Even Myself
Podrace Prep
Tatooine Podrace Arena
Anakins Podrace
Boonta Eve Podrace
Echo Base Garrison
Death Star Detention Block Corridor
Prisoner 2187
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Yavin 4 Docking Bay
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room

Characters (15)
Qui-Gon Jinn
Ben Kenobi
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Luke With Lightsaber x2
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Chewbacca, Protector
Lando With Blaster Pistol
Orrimaarko
Tawss Khaa
Padmé Naberrie
Figrin Dan
Artoo
8D8

Starships/Vehicles (5)
Home One
Lando In Millenium Falcon
Red Leader In Red One
Lift Tube x2

Locations (3)
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Tatooine City Outskirts
Tatooine Docking Bay 94

Effects (7)
Death Star Plans x3
Bacta Tank
Staging Areas
Hopping Mad
Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice

Interupts (17)
A Step Backward x3
Were Doomed x2
A Jedis Resilience
Narrow Escape x3
Rebel Barrier
Weapon Levitation
Sorry About The Mess
Suprise Assault
On The Edge
Smoke Screen
Houjix & Out Of Nowhere

Weapons (1)
Obi-Wans Lightsaber

Epic Events (1)
I Did It

'

Strategy: '

I*ve got some new cards and decided to give RTP another chance, after it did so well the first time. It has improved in some areas and weekend in others. Tell me how you feel and how I can make this better. Thanks. 

I hate podracing But it seems to work pretty well with this deck, and it*s not so bad when you win. I retrieve a lot with this deck and racing just increases my retrival. I Did It is kinda hard to use sometimes since I only have 3 ships in my deck, but its a good defense against an Imperial Barrier or You Are Beaten, and it gives me 4 force from Boonta Eve Podrace being placed out of play.

This deck isn*t hard to play and is a lot of fun. It has beaten a solid MKOS and a great Rops. I have only done a little testing so I did the best I could building this deck and I am not sure of all of its weaknesses. 

Early Game
I pretty much just try to free Leia with 8D8/Echo Base Garrison tech. I usually wait till I get a Narrow Escape before I go out and get her to the War Room. I use some of my Jedi to kill any threats that might.... threaten me. If I am not racing against another podrace, I just wait until I need to retrieve until I win, otherwise I just retrieve whenever it is over. Death Star Plans may be played once I flip. 

Mid Game
I keep retrieving and recycling my power characters and just destroying my opponent. Padamé and City Outskirts are good to get some of the Jedi out. Bacta Tank and A Jedi*s Resilience are great to save my characters. If my opponent is dwindling down on characters, I set up some drains and finish the rest of them off. I only have little space incase Leia is captured some how and brought to space. Not very many people on my are play space so I am not worried about big space drains. More space could be added though, I am just not sure what to take out. 

Late Game
Still retrieving. The game should get down to a drain race, this is where I shine. We*re doomed cuts loses in half with Artoo. It*s nearly impossible to finish me off. Characters will do some significant damage to any forces my opponent has left on the table, like Orrimaarko, Luke/Han, Ben, Qui-Gon. If Prisoner 2187 is still on table, she is just awesome for draining. I will stick someone at the Detention Block Corridor for a drain of 2. I just keep on draining and retrieving until I win. Retrieving has allowed me to come from behind and beat one of the decks I played. 

The flipside of RTP is incredible and can be extremely powerful if played right. Track right and suicide Luke gets rid of Vader for the game. Suprise Assault is great when an opponent drains and then you hit them for some force, they never see it coming. I like Weapon Lev so my characters won*t get hit in battle. Hoping Mad? WTF is that? If I lose track of a We*re Doomed I just use this to go and get one, or if I need one and I won*t be albe to draw it in time,, it*s just a great card. 

Tell me what you think and how I can make this deck better. Thanks for reading.

Ryan Fugett '