---
layout: post
author: ! Troy "Rycar & Boy" Drinkard
title: ! "Sharpshooting Abyssins"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-14
description: ! 'My kind of scum deck using abyssins and weapons. please ask questions before giving it a bad rating. i just got decktech and it’s important that i don’t get low ratings. thanks a lot.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'objective (1)
my kind of scum/fearless and inventive

locations (9)
tat desert heat
tat jabba’s palace
jp audience chamber
jp entrance cavern
jp droid workshop
jp dungeon
jp lower passages
jp rancorr pit
carida

starships (3)
boba fett in slave 1
zuckuss in mist hunter
bossk in hound’s tooth

characters (18)
4 myo
8 abyssin
jabba
bib fortuna 
ephant mon
2 gailid
boelo

interrupts (12)
prepared defenses
2 abyssin ornament
ghhhk/those rebels won’t escape us
2 imperial barrier
2 none shall pass
2 defensive fire/hutt smooch
2 twi’lek advisor

effects (11)
crossfire
power of the hutt
you can not hide forever
2 den of thieves
2 scum and villainy
inconsequential losses
mobilization points
search and destroy
well guarded

weapons (6)
6 disruptor pistol '

Strategy: '

update
 thanks to all for the nice reviews. in response to them i am making the following adjustments
take out
jp dungeon
jp entrance cavern
jp droid workshop
jp rancorr pit
defensive fire/hutt smooch

put in
3 abyssin
2 disrupting pistol


your starting cards are
my kind of scum (myo)
tat desert heat
tat jabba’s palace
well guarded
prepared defenses
crossfire
power of the hutt
you can not hide forever

i start with you can not hide forever so i can react to what my opponent has started. if he is playing echo base operations or dagobah, you search for search and destroy. if they started with battle plan, use it to get mobilization points. you use mobilization points to find carida, which, with the bh ships will be your protection from battle plan. otherwise, inconsequential losses is nice for early defense.

power of the hutt is used to search for boelo, bib, and ephant mon. boelo is to be deployed with and abyssin (and, if you can, a disruptor pistol) to desert heat. ephant mon is to be deployed with jabba (using audience chamber’s text) to the audience chamber, and bib, fortified with abyssins, should be deployed at jabba’s palace. this will flip your objective.

crossfire is so you can flip your objective quickly (within the first four turns) and safely. you can strengthen your characters with the abyssins and disruptor pistols. if you have inconsequential losses out this effect works even better. remember your weapons and your abyssins can go to the used pile when they are forfeited, which should protect bib, jabba, gailid, and myo. also remember that the disruptor pistols make a character LOST, not hit, so an early strike team will be hard to produce. any ability 2 or 3, sometimes even 4 character will probably be lost, which can cause the opponent to not be able to draw a battle destiny or lose a precious main.

after you flip your objective, continue rapidly deploying abyssins and weapons across the battleground sites and a few to the other jp sites if you have gailid out. force drain for all you have and use your weapons to protect you. your battle destinies should be really high thanks to bib and jabba, and that will hurt the opponent’s characters as well. 
gailid is very helpful for winning in this deck, and he can be hurt by menace fades and dagobah. no worries though, because against dagobah this deck can still win with the force drains for four (carida, lower passages, audience chamber, jabba’s palace) and the search and destroy. 
against menace fades hold on to your force drains on tatooine and set up for a beatdown attack with abyssins and disruptor pistols. 
if they aren’t playing dagobah or menace fades always be setting up in case of a beatdown strike team. 2 abyssins with disruptor pistols, if possible, should be placed at the three battleground sites so your effects will be used with maximum potential.
those are your main matchup problems decks that mess with gailid. you should be able to battle them out or just hold on with search and destroy and force drains. battle destinies are high, and your weapons are very powerful. please ask before giving a bad review. thanks.  '