---
layout: post
author: ! Karim "kjedi" Jetha
title: ! "Tessek’s Scrubs"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-21
description: ! "Agents sets up Tesseks Palace.  Mad drains, high power... Ewoks.  Please Rate"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'	Start (9)
Agents in the Court
REP = FOIL Paploo
Yarna da&#8217;l Gargan
Jabba&#8217;s Palace Audience Chamber
Tatooine Hutt Trade Route Desert
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Uh-Oh
Insurrection
Strike Planning
	Characters (25)
Ewok Sentry (14)
Ithorian (4)
Paploo (2) one&#8217;s included in START
Lumat
Wuta (2)
Rabin
Chewie of Kasshyyyk
Generil Crix Madine
Daughter of Skywalker
Tessek
	Locations (7)
Endor Hidden Forest Trail
Endor Landing Platform Docking Bay
Endor Great Forest (3)
Endor Back Door
Endor Ewok Village
	Effects (3)
Bargaining Table
Bo Shuda
Do or Do Not combo
Interrupts (15)
Sound the Attack (3)
Take me to Jabba Now (3)
Ewok and Roll (1)
Yub Yub (2)
Insertion Planning 
Ewok Rescue (1)
The Signal
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes (2)
'

Strategy: '

This deck started out as a fun deck, but it really works AND is fun to play AND is not too mainstream.

STRATEGY
Start Agents, A-Chamber, FOIL Paploo.  Laugh at your opponent while he tries to figure out what you&#8217;re doing.  Heading for the Medical Frigate means you get Uh-Oh Insurrection Strike Planning
While your opponent activates, announce strike planning to pull General Crix Madine.
You activate 5+ whatever he gives you.  Pull Bo Shuda, and look for Tessek.  If he&#8217;s in the force pile, draw.  If you feel lucky deploy Crix at the Endor Docking Bay (which you pulled) OR do this if you have NINE force and can deploy Chewie from your reserve deck anyway.
Either way, you can pull Chewie next turn and drop him.
When Chewie&#8217;s on table, use his text to pull Lumat and or Wuta.  Wuta&#8217;s the important one, and you pack two.  Once he&#8217;s down, use force, to pull the Back Door.  This site is Untouchable.  And a drain of 4.  

This should be the 4th turn or so. 

Get Tessek at this chamber, and throw an Ithorian at each Endor site.  Alone is okay.  That&#8217;s pretty much only gonna be the Hidden Forest Trail, Ewok Village, and Back Door.  Save the Great Forests for after the drop so they can&#8217;t spread like your scouts can.  Lone Ithorian means your drains are plus TWO.  One for adding an Icon, and one for Tessek.  Means you start draining for ten.  You occupy three battlegrounds, and one with Lumat/Wuta means you flip.  Use Ewoks to 1. Block Drains and 2. lose them and retrieve them.  Retrieve one force every turn, and eventually, retrieve a lot for Nar Shadda.
You can kill Dark Endor Decks, too.

In Case you&#8217;ve never heard of these

Sound the Attack (2)
USED use a force to take a card with Ewok in title into hand.  LOSTIf your Ewok is Defending a Battle, add a destiny.
Take me to Jabba Now (2)
	Pull Tessek.  Duh
Ewok and Roll (3)
USED Destiny plus 2 crashes AT-ST OR If Ewok defending a battle, add 2 to power
Yub Yub (2)
USED Add one to forfeit of all Ewoks for remainder of turn.  Lost retrieve one card with EWOK in title, or cancel Ewok Killer cards that nobody plays with.
Insertion Planning 
USED If scout is in battle (all Ewok Sentries) subtract 3 from opponent&#8217;s destiny.  OR KILLS SPEEDER BIKES DEAD
Ewok Rescue (2)
USED Destiny + 2 > escort&#8217;s defense value à released captive.  OR If an Ewok is defending a battle, up to three Ewoks may move to it as a react.
'