---
layout: post
author: ! michael "Deck" Gemme
title: ! "Baroni’s Hoth Clouds - by Deck"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-13
description: ! 'Drain/Swarm - Baroni didn’t have balls to play it so i am posting it, but its still his deck'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Locations - 14
Hoth
Hoth Main Power Generators
Hoth North Ridge
Hoth Defensive Perimeter x2
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Hoth Echo War Room
Dagobah
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Clouds x5

Characters - 8
Luke w/ Lightsaber
Tibanna Gas Miner x3
Kebyc x2
Boushh x2

Vehicles - 14
Cloud Car x14

Interrupts - 17
Houjix/Out of Nomewhere x2
Local Defense x2
Rebel Barrier x3
Nar Shaada Wind Chimes x2
Out of Commission/Transmission Terminated x5
The signal x3

Effects - 8
Projection of a Skywalker x2
Manuvering Flaps x2
Yarna D’al Gargan x2
A New Secret Base

'

Strategy: '

This deck was given to me by Steve Baroni, but he bticehd out and didn’t play it, i did, and im posting.  hes still my boy though and its all good

Always Start Signal and ANSB, this way you can
Pull Hoth, Dagobah and thus the hut, or The two echo sites.

Your opening hand will dictate what you pull.  If you get a Cloud, a Cloud Car, and a Miner, you pull the Hoth system no matter what and get the other stuff later.  This way you will have a drain of four second turn.  Also, with the defensive perimeter in your opening hand you can get a drain of five, which is key and happened to me twice when i played this sunday (you can check out the TR about the battle for the playstation2). 

So on subsequent turns you pull Dagobah and the Hut, or the two echo sites; it doesnt really matter which.  

Obviously you need to get Yarna, Flaps, Kebyc and at least another Clouds and another Cloud Car there within a few turns.  It is key to keep all your cloud cars, because that is how you win games, you lay beats... draining is just a great thing you can add to this deck.

SO the best thing to do is lose clouds and gas miners and things like that, projections are great to lose against MKOS.

When you draw enough cloud cars, you can drop Gas miners to battlegroudns and let them drain until your opponent drops vader or anything like that, barrier or houjix then lock flaps and beat.  

You play the deck the same way vs. every deck, but the main thing to do with this deck is to play it fast.

Weaknesses
Another heavy drain deck gives it problems, but they wont come to the clouds most often, and you can beatdown lone characters when the spread out.

BOunty hunter ships to the clouds with lots of forfeit fodder kill this deck, they kill your drains, and thats not good. 

MKOS is a problem because you cant do anythign to their drains and usually cant beat them down, so you have to drain fast and hope they arent playing swarm so they cancel your drains with the Den.

Huntdown is a problem because of no retrieval, and if they are playing mobil sites taht hurts your projections yet again, but the 5 ooc/tts are there to bust up visage so it wont hurt ya.

Other than that the deck is pretty solid, its not the best thing out there but its fun as all hell and i recommend trying it

thanks alot

Deck '