---
layout: post
author: ! Matt "TmastamattC" Ehrhart
title: ! "PoDpRoFiT  NoR3 (VeRsIoN 2 0)"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-10-22
description: ! "The new age version of Throne Room Mains, it battles it drains and it does direct damage. Well you liked it so much the first time around, why not try my luck again?"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'STARTING 
You Can Either Profit By This... 
TATOOINE JABBAS PALACE 
JABBAS PALACE AUDIENCE CHAMBER 
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol 
Podrace Prep 
Boonta Eve Podrace 
TATOOINE PODRACE ARENA 
Anakins Podracer 
Goo Nee Tay 

LOCATIONS 
CORUSCANT JEDI COUNCIL CHAMBER
DAGOBAH YODAS HUT 
HOME ONE WAR ROOM 
RENDEZVOUS POINT 

CHARACTERS 
Boushh 
Corran Horn 
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol 
Lando With Vibro Ax (x2) 
Luke With Lightsaber (x2) 
Master Qui-Gon 
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber (x2) 
Qui-Gon Jinn 
Threepio With His Parts Showing 

WEAPONS 
Qui-Gon Jinns Lightsaber 

STARSHIPS 
Asrtoo-Detoo In Red 5 

EPIC 
I Did It 

INTERRUPTS 
A Jedis Resilience (x2) 
A Step Backward (x3) 
Clash Of Sabers 
Control & Tunnel Vision (x3) 
Double Agent 
Gift Of The Mentor 
Ive Got A Bad Feeling About This 
Jedi Escape (x2) 
Nabrun Leids 
On The Edge 
OOC & TT (x2) 
Run Luke, Run (x2) 
Sense (x5) 
Sorry About The Mess/Blaster Proficiency 
The Bith Shuffle/Desperate Reach 
Too Close For Comfort 
Weapon Levitation 
Were You Looking For Me? 

EFFECTS 
Battle Plan/Draw Their Fire 
Honor Of The Jedi Strategy
'

Strategy: '

*READ THIS ALL THE WAY THROUGH* 


At one point in this game I ran a deck known as Y4 Mains. Just a mains deck that could bring the beats, when needed it could out drain a person, and it had some force retrieval. Eventually this deck became tired and old, no real fun playing it anymore. That and the fact that it was hit hard with new sets, making it hard to survive out there. There were bigger and better decks to be played out there (WYS for one). Now my Y4 Mains deck is reborn, in the form of Profit. With the remains of my Y4 deck, and some new ideas (both mine and borrowed from other decks) the PodProfit era has begun. 
A deck that can bring the beats like none other, drain when needed, has retrieval, and can hit them with direct damage (something Y4 Mains could not do). The deck is almost the same play type as Y4 Mains. You spend the first few turns watching your opponent and seeing what they are doing. While you set up by getting out those sites for force generation, and setting up your hand to counter act what it is they are doing. Threepio showing his parts early in the game helps to set-up faster, but do not rely on him (if he shows up he shows up). 
What do you do to win with this deck? Well its rather simple. Either layith the smack down, drain/damage them to death, or just out last them. Beat downs with this deck are rather easy to set up for, its just a matter of finding the cards (tunnel vision helps that so much). With just one battle you can win the game, how you ask? Well double or even triple the end result of a battle, then start offing people during the battle. Clash, Double Agent, Lando With Vibro Ax, Blaster Proficiencey these are the key ways to do it. Hit who is left and draw destiny, these battles can be leathal and game ending. 
If one battle just is not gonna do it, then set up to out drain/damage them. Free Han, drop Lando to one site (Obi and Qui-Gon are good back up as well as good beats) and drop Luke in the middle. Its a drain of three, and a loss of three a turn. The faster this is set-up the sooner you win (this is also the key set-up if you play a space deck, only Qui-Gon with saber is another one drain). When they battle Han or Lando, you Run Luke, Run and have some beefy back. 
As I said against a space deck, you need to set-up as fast as you possibly can. The faster the better chance you stand of winning. Against most space decks you will want to start Battle Plan combo over Goo Nee Tay, to slow them down a little. This should give you some time to set yourself up. If you know for a fact what youre playing even better. I had no problem against a tie swarm deck in my last tourney, the set up was plain and simple. Han/Boushh/Lando, and Luke up in his ship, given me a drain of four to five (depending on where Luke is) and a force ping of four. These types of games are where those low destiny control/tunnel visions come in handy. Slow down your force loss by controling a few drains, and retrieve the control/tunnel with your retrieval to do it all over again. Although this is a tough game, you should come out on top. Simply because of the retrieval you have, along with the pings. 
Next process is the retreival. What is there? The podrace itself, I Did It putting out of play Boonta Eve, freeing Han, and On The Edge. The podrace is automatic, you win and get back cards. The I Did It is a as needed means. Freeing Han, I like to use freeing han when I need the force back, so it happens normally a few turns after podracing is over. As for On The Edge. With one on the edge you can use it as many as four times in this deck (so long as it aint grabbed), yes i said four times. How so? Use it, retreive it with podracing. Use is, retrieve it by freeing han. Use it, retrieve it with I Did It. And then you get to use it again, for the fourth and final time (Ive considered playing two); but then again maybe it isnt the final time. 


SOME CARD CHOICES 
*Goo Nee Tay, why not start something else? Well some one smart had the idea to start this to slow up your opponent from dropping the early beats on you. And if something can save me from getting hurt up early, then why wouldnt you do it? 

*Master Qui-Gon, why not just two Qui-Gon Jinns? Well another smart person brought to my attention that you can bring him back to your hand (as well as everything on him). This i did not know, and figure can be very helpful. Again if it helps, then why not play it? 

*Artoo-Detoo In Red 5, whats the point? Well normally for space defence I use Home One, its big and beefy. But it has a terrible destiny. The choice is all yours, and keep in mind its your only weapon up in the sky. 

*Control/Tunnel Vision. Well i played three in Y4 to help me set up, and I use it here for the same reason. Only now they have a second use, drains to big? Well not anymore with these. I dont mind the 1 destinys that much, Id rather have the ability to stop a drain or irritating immidiate effect. 

*Double Agent, what the hell? Have you ever made Mara Lost without a battle or a sorry about the mess? Well you can by playing this 6 destiny interrupt. Could you help me bring the beats anymore? Oops Lando With Vibro Ax drops doubles the end result; eliminates Mara with this, and excludes someone small with his gun; then beats someone small. Sounds like a good idea dont it? 

*Too Close For Comfort, why only one? Well i figured that two is always good and all, but with sense in the deck I can stop Podracer Collision anyway. 

*Obi-Wan With Lightsaber, why no Bens? Well I like the idea of his game text and all, but if I play him then I have to play his lightsaber (two cards to find rather than one). Also when i use A Jedis Resilience i dont get the lightsaber back with him. Its bad enough haveing to worry about Qui-Gon and his saber. 

*Luke With Lightsaber, why no Jedi Lukes or Master Lukes? Well, yeah i like playin either one of those two normally. But the thing is, in this deck having to search for the character and the lightsaber hurts too much. I have to have character with weapons, rather than searching for them. Plus you can not weapon lev their weapons.

*Jedi Escape, why dont you have good destiny? While I do have some good destiny, Id rather not take the risk of being dueled off the table. Plus its a 5 destiny. So instead of canceling the duel and putting the dueling card back in their hand (A Jedis Resilience) Id rather cancel it all together. 

*Underworld Contacts, what about this card? Arent you worried if they convert your sites? Well to be honest, im not all that worried, because when i flip its just a bigger drain they gave me. And if i got the 2/0 sites out my force generation should be fine. If it really bothers you that much, and you try the deck then put it in for Honor Of The Jedi (its a dying card anyway). Honor is killed either by No Escape for Huntdown, or the senator for a senate deck. 
'