---
layout: post
author: Quirin "el-diablo" Fuergut
title: 'Huntdow Racing/Dueling'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-28
description: ! 'After being frustated of the current dark decks I decided to go back to the good olHunt Down.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective Hunt Down/TFHGOOTU

Starting(9)
Epic Duel
Exec. Holotheatre
Exec. Med. Chamber
Visage Of The Empy
Start Your Engines
Boonta Eve Podrace
Tat. Podrace Arena
Sebulba´s Racer
Watto´s Box

Characters(14)
Lord Vader x2
DVDLOTS x2
Darth Maul x2
Emperor Palpy x2
Janus Greejatus x2
4-Lom w/gun x2
Dr.E&PondaB. x2

Weapons(3)
Vader´s Stick x2
Maul´s Stick

Ships(4)
Boba in ship
Zuckuss in ship
Dengar in ship
Bossk in bus

Interrupts(22)
Vader´s Obsession x2
The Circle Is Now Complete x2
Masta Move x2
Monnok
Holonet Transmission x2
Podracer Collision x4
Operational As Planned x2
Force Lightning
T´wilek Advisor
Imperial Barrier x2
You Are Beaten
Sniper/Dark Strike
Focused Attack

Effects(4)
Secret Plans 
Visage Of The Empy x2
Security Precautions

Locations(3)
Endor Back Door
Endor Forest Clearing
Endor Dark Forest

'

Strategy: '

Update It would be nice if you could give some help with the deck and not just say what beats it.I don´t care about those @#$%ing ratings, I want feedback
You guys make me really madWho the f.uck cares about what happens when the next expansion comes out, arghhhh
I will personally kill the next person who gives such a senseless review againYes I am angry
------
This Deck was built because I was sick of the dark.I tried a Maul Deck but somehow it was not that good because of its low destinies.For example you can look at Deck´s deck which has 22 1´s
So after a little bit of tweaking I came up with this.
The strategy is to win the the podrace and finally do some more direct damage with duels and drains.The Endor sites are in cause I think it´s the best place for the dark side for draining.If Lost In The Wilderness is popular in your area then switch to CC but be sure to play there on exterior sites because of those stupid QMC-decks.
The perfect setup is Empy together with Janus,Maul with 4-Lom and Vader with Dr.E.Once the Jedis come out start Hunting.If you play against those decks than keep your guys on hand for combat.
The direct damage should give you the edge in most games.

Card Choices

Dueling - well I decided on dueling since the destinies are also good for racing and no Path Of Least Resistance can save you rom the big bad dueling Vader.

Tracking - Janus, Masta Move, Operational As Planned and so on.Enough stuff to track you good destinies for the race and dueling.The Masta Moves can also be used to get Monnok and Holonets to save Visage andf get better destinies.When you´ve tracked your destinies no one of the opponents Jedis will survive.Since Dueling Defense is rare these days and my destinis are pretty good you should win most of the duels(especially with Focused Attack).

Security Precautions - I hate Hidden Base so I play this @#$% to beat it.Another direct Damage source to deal with them(mostly about 8 force loss when Hidden Base is probed).No battle damage is also huge so this card is needed.

Why Maul and not Mara??? - Mara is also good but Maul is a better fighter and you can still use his dueling ability to get id of Qui-Gon before a battle to do lots of damage.For example you can exclude up to 7 with your stuff(up to, not every time 7).Dr.E makes the guys hit from Sabers lost, you can duel up to 3 guys(Obi, Luke, Qui-Gon),use Force Lightning and last but not least You Are Beaten.

I won´t give any specific matchups because it is the same every time.If you miss cards versus some decktypes for example CHYBC cause Dagobah draining is huge in your area then put them in.
My area is Mains&Toys heavy and HB-decks are also not rare.
If you have some questions or hints then d-mail me cause I don´t think that the reviews will help me, but that´s an other aspect of decktech-)

Another reason to post this @#$% is that I have the decklist later and since nobody will care about how good this deck is I am not afraid of being heavy metaed against-)

Hope you liked it, el-diablo    '