---
layout: post
author: ! Ryan "Dooger511" Fugett
title: ! "EBO Runned By Scubs"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-12-29
description: ! 'A fun deck that can hold its own against anything.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (6)
Hoth Main Power Generators
Hoth North Ridge
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Insurection
Staging Areas
Squadron Assignments

Locations (7)
Hoth
Kiffex
Kashyyyk
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Corridor
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room)
Home One Docking Bay

Characters (14)
Qui-Gon Jinn
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Luke With Lightsaber
Luke Skywalker
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Captain Han Solo
Admiral Ackbar
First Officer Thaneespi
Commander Wedge Antilles
Dash Rendar
Colonel Cracken
Lieutenant Blount
General Crix Madine
Figrin Dan

Starships (9)
Home One
Millenium Falcon
Red 5
Outrider
Tala 1
Tala 2
Liberty 
Tantive IV
Spiral

Interrupts (12)
The Signal x5
Hyper Escape
Out Of Nowhere
Rebel Barrier
Houjix & Out Of Nowhere
On The Edge
A Jedis Resilience
Out of Commission & Transmission Terminated

Effects (9)
A New Secret Base
Echo Base Operations
Battle Plan
Menace Fades
Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice
Order To Engage
Frozen Assets
Bacta Tank
Legendary Starfighter

Admirals Order (2)
Capital Support
Ill Take The Leader

Podracer (1)
Anakins Podracer
'

Strategy: '

This deck has a few problems that need to be worked out. There are some cards that I want to put in, but as always I never know what to take out. I don*t know if I should put more characters in or more starships, or take out the podrace and the AOs. This is the best version I have built with the cards that I have. I know I need some cards like Wedge RSL and Artoo in Red 5, but I do not have them. Please tell me what I should do to make my deck better. -)

First turn just pull a docking bay. I usually pull the Hoth docking bay so spies can*t go there, but if it is not in their, pull the Home One docking bay. If you got a signal in your hand, use it to pull ANSB, if not draw till you get one. You should know if there is one in their because you seachred through your deck. If possible deploy a scrub to the docking bay for that extra activation next turn. Once you have ANSB out, pull everything you can and get EBO set up. I try to use scrubs to get EBO running, but if I half to I will use somebody good. If you use a good pilot, like Han or Dash or someone, you can transit them up to their ship or whatever later. Use SquAs to get get your ships into space for big drains. Before you go to space make sure you have something to protect you, (I.E. Spiral, Hyper Escape, Rebel Barrier, Houjix). If needed you can hold the 4th Maker with your Jedi and anyone else you can use, for the AO or Menace Fades or whatever, or you can use them to wipe out and threat your opponent gives you.

Try to get Legendary Starfighter out early, even if it means losing a big ship or character. There is always the Bacta Tank witch comes in handy when you are forced to lose a character. The AOs ae key for immunity to attrition, and they help with some extra force loss. The main thing with this deck is to keep your space fleet intact for big drains in space. Don*t spread thin to early, wait till you know what your opponent is doing, and then spread out for the bigger drains. 

Madine is in this deck to pull the scouts and he can help set up EBO. If I had Strike Planning, I whould start that to pull him, but what are you gonna do. Frozen Assets is good if the opponent is saving up for a big attack next turn, it delays them and gives you more time to prepare for the attack. Order To Engage makes the opponent bring in to you, instead of them deploying and waiting for you to initiate battle so they can use an interrupt or something.

This deck has not know defeat, but it only has one win against a poorly built Bring Him Before Me deck, (haha j/k Erik). Tell me what you think and how I can change my deck. Thanks for reading.

Ryan Fugett
'