---
author: Emil "Darth Brynge" Wallin
title: 'The Superstar v. 2.0'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-05-17
description: 'Currently 28-3 in tourneys. Brangus and stuff.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Set Your Course For Alderaan 

Locations (10): 
Alderaan 
Carida
CC: DB
D* 
D*: DB x3 
D*: Docking Control Room 327 
D*: War Room
Endor:DB 


Characters (14): 
4-LOM
Ig-88
Arica 
Brangus Glee x2 
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba 
Emperor Palpatine x2
Janus Greejatus x2 
Lord Vader x2
EPP - Vader
Mara Jade 

Starships (5): 
Boba in S1
Bossk in HT 
Dengar in P1 
Executor (the old one) 
Zuckuss in MH 

Interrupts (19): 
Control & Set For Stun x2 (THE killer) 
Force Lightning 
Ghhk & Those Rebel´s Won´t Escape Us 
Gravity Shadow 
Evader & Monnok
Limited Resources ("my favourite") 
Imperial Barrier
Alter
Prepared Defences (s) 
Put All Sections On Alert x2 
Sniper & Dark Strike x2
I´d Just As Soon As Kiss A Wookie x2
Weapon Levitation 
You Are Beaten x2 

Effects (9): 
Blast Door Controls 
First Strike 
Lateral Damage 
Mobilization Points 
Crush The Rebellion
Secret Plans 
Something Special Planned For Them
Presence of The Force
Opressive Enforcement

Weapons (2): 
Mara Jade´s Lightsaber 
Vader´s Lightsaber  

Strategy: 

 
Ok. This deck is currently 28-3 in tournament play. The activation is great. Here is how to use it: You´ll always start Mob. Points. I prefer using First Strike and Crush (grab Monnok) as other effects against almost any deck. 

First turn: Pull Carida, activate and get D*: War Room (if it´s not there get D*: DCR 327). If you have Brangus in hand deploy him there. Same goes if Dr.E is there (and no Brangus). Get that Endor:DB and CC :DB, but only against space decks. Against mains, check what DB´s they play. (You can use those dockings to retrieve w Brangus).If Emperor is in hand, deploy him to DB. Second Turn: if the first turn didn´t go as it´s supposed to do, try doing this now then. 
Third Turn: the rest is battling. If you face odds, just deploy Emperor, Janus and Brangus (if he´s in space, which I´d guess he is...) and try and battle him out w your ships. 

In my area, Grimtaash and SAC are extremely uncommon among LS decks, so drawing a lot of cards the first turns is a good idea. Once Emperor and Janus are together, start using the machine by searching for the Force Lightning, and then put it down w Janus. By doing this, you´ll always be able to see what´s in your deck and you´ll always have a card to put down w Janus. 

Some card explanations: 
Why the D*:DCR327? I am planning on adding an Elis Helrot. And besides, you can start w another effect (instead of IAO) and still get your DB´s. 

Arica - if you really need to block a drain, and can´t battle him there, she might help. Good against the new WYS beatdown, they´ll try to lure you to Tatooine due to the drain for 2 at cantina, but you can ignore them w Arica.

Gravity Shadow - great for killing ships that try to make kessel runs or OMDH. track your destiny (w janus perhaps?), kill the ship, then take it back w Brangus and repeat it... Or apply a beatdown on a single ship.

Crush - beat WYS, mains and stuff via pulling Monnok, cancel clash and reduce their battle destinies at CC:DB.

One Alter - good against WYS if they don´t flip before deploying beggar (sometimes they won´t). 

I´d Just As Soon As Kiss A Wookie - for Beggar and also for anything mean that would like to enter play.

no grabbers - i´d love to add one, but there are no cards to remove...

How to beat certain decks: 

HB space: Get a drain for three at the Endor:DB or CC: DB (vader +stivck, emperor + janus, mara +stick) as soon as possible. Battle w your ships (you´ll have to draw quite a lot to get some ships...) and the lateral damage is a killer here. Never battle unless you know you´ll profit something from it. brangus is key to winning, eg. take your ships and the lateral back. Gravity Shadow, Lateral, Ghhk/TRWEU and such are winners.

HB mains: Tough game. Use dr.e and Lord Vader w lightsaber (not built-in, added...), You Are Beaten, Set For Stun and Sniper to reduce his army and try to beatdown him. 
I´ve made my opponent lose 21 cards at a location where he from the beginning had 5 mains. you´re beaten, sniper, dr.+operate, boba+hidden weapons and Han was left alone (I add one destiny w Boba... sweeeeet.). Boba is no longer in this deck due to his lack of ability.. battle smart and you´ll win. 

TIGIH: 
I´ve met this deck once and won easily. TIGIH loses Luke against non-BHBM decks, which is bad. That makes me control ground. 

WYS space: take control of his sites. watch out for the cantina brawl. use lateral and ships wisely to kill his key-cards (eg. falcon and outrider). rather tough game, but should be won. i´m 5-1 in non-sanctioned play against WYS. Use Gravity Shadow often. Broken Concentration works good here, you´ll activate lots of more than he does. 

WYS ground: If it´s not the beatdown version, I don´t think they can stand a chance against all my battle interrupts. If it´s beatdown, then you must play extremely careful. Deploy all characters at D*: DB and when you have 5 or 6 characters move them to Endor: DB (not Tatooine). Arica stops the drain at Cantina, the space fleet is rather big and lateral is huge against Dash. You MUST initiate most of the battles or you WILL lose the game. The worst matchup. IJASAKAW can stop Beggar as can Alter (if you´re lucky...).

AITC: 
uncommon deck. haven´t seen one in ages. use control to cancel sandwhirl and beat the hell out of him. 

Yavin4 mains: Same as HB mains. battle as mad, interrupts will win this game. 

EBO - Blast Door Controls wins this game for me. no barriers and I can battle as I like. by starting first strike, he´ll have a hard time playing any interrupts. the new ghhk is great too against reacts and Hyper Escape (and Closer! if you´re facing asteroids). Gravity Shadow is a killer.

and now, give me some CONSTRUCTIVE reviews please. not one of those 1-stars telling "you suck" or "what?".  (last time I submitted this deck some guy told me that I needed an undercover for Arica....).


