---
layout: post
author: Brian "Brian114" Zinn
title: 'Profit mains, toys, and a lot of interrupts'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-30
description: ! 'I dont really have anything to say about this Profit deck besides the huge force drain, battle and profit damage that it deals out.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective
You Can Either Profit by this.../ Or Be Destroyed

Characters -18
Ben Kenobi x2
Qui-Gon Jinn x2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Master Luke x2
Leia with Blaster x2
Lando with Vibro-Ax x2
Han with Pistol x2
Corran Horn
Chewbacca, Protector
Padme Naberrie
Yoxgit
Harc Seff

interrupts -25
Heading for the Frigate ( start )
It Could Be Worse x2
Sense x2
Sense/Recoil in Fear
Gift Of The Mentor x2
Tunnel Vision x2
Weapon Levitation x2
Smoke Screen x2
A Jedi’s Resilience
Nabrun Leids
Someone Who Loves You
The Bith Shuffle/Desperate Reach
The Signal
OOC/TT
Clash Of Sabers
Alter/Friendly Fire
Sorry about the mess/Blaster Profiency
Narrow Escape
Dodge

Locations -7
Tat Jabba’s Palace ( start )
JP Audience Chamber ( start )
Tat Cantina
H1 War Room
Rendezvous Point
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Tat Mos Eisley

Effects -6
Your Insight Serves You Well ( start )
The Camp ( start )
Don’t Do That Again ( start )
Honor of The Jedi
Goo Nee Tay
Advantage

Weapons -3
Obi-Wan’s Saber
Luke’s Saber
Qui-Gon Jinn’s Saber '

Strategy: '

WARNING I didn’t proof read the strategy section. 

This is my first light side deck post.  It also happens to be my first attempt at a Profit deck so don’t be too harsh.  Lets start from the top. First, you obviously start Tat Jabba’scrib and the Audience Chamber.  Now you get to choose which Han you want to use in the chamber. 
I prefer EPP Han because he is easiest to protect.  By the way, I’m not stupid I know I can use
either the jedi pack han or Han Solo and retrieve 10 but the person who helped me build this deck
advised me not to use them.  I was also considering starting either Han Solo or jedi pack Han and 
replacing him with EPP Han after he was released, but once again I was told it wasn’t a good idea.

As far as my effects go, I like to start Don’t Do That Again, Your Insight Serves You Well and
The Camp.   I can lose YISYW to take either Honor ( normally ) or keep it to protect me from numbers depending on what’s going on.  Also, when I lose YISYW it’s my only chance to look in my reserve deck so that I can figure out what’s in my force pile and used pile.  I find that to be a pretty big flaw in this deck especially when I want to use cards like Tunnel Vision, and Gift of The Mentor.  Although, I don’t want to put in something like Insurrection because I like my locations the way they are and I also play Nabrun.  

I think my character selection is pretty good.  It’s certainly not hard to get a character in your hand early in the game which is good.  So I throw down some character to free Han.  If they started two aliens in the chamber you have several options. You can either throw down EPP Leia and play Someone Who Loves you to rescue Han and avoid battling their aliens.  Their are other cards as well to avoid their characters like Dodge and Narrow Escape.  Or you can do what this deck was made to do and horribly beat down their characters with Qui Gon, Ben, Luke, Leia, Chewie, Corran, and Lando.  Your also probably wondering why I play 2 Master Lukes.  Yes Normally Master Luke is absolutely horrible.  But I came up with a nice strategy.  Here it goes, deploy Master Luke before you flip so that he deploys for free.  then you can replace him with Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight , Master Luke goes to your lost pile and then if you want you can free han and retieve master luke.  So their you go, you just deployed LS,JK for free and retrieved your other luke.  Pretty Sweet.  

Some may say I also play to many interrupts.  Yes 25 is quite a bit but they are all, in my opinion, necessary.  Most of my interruptsare self explanatory but Hre are some explanations for some of the ”unusual” card choices

Tunnel Visions  I need them to get out my locations.

A Gift of The Mentor  Add two battle destinys if Luke and Obi are in a battle together or
use them to get out your sabers.

Smoke Screens  Why risk the chance of of drawing a 0 or 1 for Battle Destiny when you can
smoke for a 7 with Qui Gon?

Narrow Escape/Dodge  Protect Han by avoiding dark side beatdowns.

Locations I play 7 sites, 4 of which are tatooine sites.  These sites aren’t very easy to get out but I really haven’t had too many problems.  Alls you have to do is use your tunnel visions and draw a little bit and you should be able to get them.  While choosing which sites I wanted to put in this deck, I noticed that the Cantina and Mos Eisley are a deadly combo, especially in a deck like this.  Alls you need to do is put two characters ( preferably the ones that add to Profit damage) at one site ( either the Cantina or Mos Eisley. ) Then during your control phase and before you force drain use mos eisleys text to move one of your characters to the other site. Then you can force drain for even more and deal out even more profit damage as well.  Then during your move phase move them back together again at either the cantina or mos eisly and do the process over and over again every control phase.  This is probably confusing so I’ll give you an example of the whole thing. 

example  In one game I threw Han and Chewie in the cantina.  Because Mos Eisley was out, during my control phase I moved Chewie to Mos Eisly ( which was unoccupied ) and then force drained at the Cantina and then at Mos Eisly and then did double profit damage.  Then during my move phase, since I already moved Chewie once this turn I moved Han to Chewie’s site ( Mos Eisley. ) I did the same thing over and over again every control phase.  Yes it is very cheesy but very effective. 

Well that should be everything.  Please feel free to email me at Punisher@optonline.net or send me a message on decktech if you have any questions or even suggestions about this deck.  Thanks.

Brian Zinn


'