---
layout: post
author: Brian "Buccaneers" Speight
title: 'Hidden Mains aka I Hope Done Right'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-05-11
description: ! 'Basic Hidden Mains strategy w/On and Off the Edges.  Uses Superfalcon with Destiny adders.  But it has a twist...'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Please Read the Strategy for Cards before Reviewing

Starting
Hidden Base/Systems will Slip Through your Fingers
Alderaan(HD Indicator)
Rendezvous Point
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Insurrection 
Menace Fades
Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice

Locations
Hoth Docking Bay
Cloud City Docking Bay
Tatooine Docking Bay
Corulag
Dagobah
Dagobah Jungle

Characters
Daughter of Skywalker
EPP Leia
EPP Luke
EPP Obi-wan
EPP Han
ECC Lando
EJP Lando
Ben Kenobi x3
Orrimaarko
Kal’falnl C’ndros
Captain Han Solo
Lt. Blount
Nien Nunb
Lt. Tarn Mison
Luke, Rebel Scout
Tawss Khaa
General Calrissian

Weapons
Anakin’s Saber
Obi-wan’s Saber
Luke’s Saber
Quad Laser Cannon

Ships
Independence
Falcon x2
Spiral

Effects
Order To Engage
Honor of The Jedi
Bacta Tank

Interrupts
Tunnel Vision x3
Fallen Portal
Throw Me Another Charge
Fall of The Legend x2
Sorry About The Mess/Blaster Profiency x2
OOC/TT x2
Weapon Levitation
Off the Edge x2
On the Edge x2
Punch It x2
Clash of Sabers
It’s Not My Fault
Houjix/Out of Nowhere '

Strategy: '

This deck was thought of right after NC States.  My RST deck went 1-2 and I had to have a better deck, because it just sucked.  So I decided on Hidden Mains because it is the only good idea I had.

So I thought of what cards to use.  Since I didn’t have Home One nor OMDH, I thought of alternate cards.  I decided to go with Off the Edge and On the Edge.  Then I thought about Space.  I saw at the tourney tons of LS decks with the Superfalcon battling the Executor with about 1 million forfeit.  I was tired of the DS trying to use forfeit fodder.  So, as I looked through my cards I saw one of the best LS characters, Lt. Tarn Mison.  So here is my combo with him
Millenium Falcon-with Captain Han Solo + Lt. Tarn Mison piloting + Gen. Calrissian + Nien Nunb + Punch It + Out of Nowhere = 6 Battle Destinies and no forfeit fodder.  Also, if you just want 5, then add KFC in for the Solo.  I mean you get 5 destiny and then get...none.

So by now, the space looked good.  So added in Spiral and Independence just to make it sweeter.

Now I will move on to choices of cards
Tunnel Vision x3- need a Quad Laser Cannon to complete the SuperFalcon?  Need that Punch It? Or just need any card? This is a VERY good card

Lt. Tarn Mison- read above

It’s Not My Fault- don’t you just hate it when you have DOS down and EPP Han and they draw a 1?  That just makes me mad because the Han has to go, and you have no Ben to revive him or Bacta Tank?  Plus, it is a used 5.

Staging Areas- This card isn’t in here because you don’t need to activate a lot.  I mean the SuperFalcon is just 11.  I just don’t need it in here.

Dagobah and the Jungle- Activation.  I don’t use the Hut because they can land there and have a pesky drain of 2 the whole game.  So I use the Jungle because they can’t land there.  

Order To Engage- Another good card for the LS.  Have SuperFalcon up in space with the Executor and Forfeit Fodder.  Well, either they iniate or lose 3.  

Lt. Blount- Him plus HOTJ plus TT equals Visage dead hopefully quickly.  

Jedi Luke- Not in here because I don’t have him.  So Rebel Scout is in here just until I get a Jedi Luke, hopefully)

ECC and EJP Lando- I like to add a destiny with KFC and Tawss Khaa on CC.  I draw a 6 and a 5, they draw a 5.  Theirs will = 0.  Sounds good to me.  EJP Lando is just the man.  I mean he also adds a destiny and excludes some punk  That is sweet.  Tired of that annoying Guri from not letting you draw more than one destiny? Exclude her and draw your destiny.  

Well, that is the whole deck.  Basically, get your battle cards out and the SuperFalcon and battle.  Ben Kenobi and the Bacta Tank rock.  

Cards I want to add, but don’t know what to take out
EPP Han
2-1B- He rocks w/Ben and the Tank.  Helps when you have to lose a EPP.  Subtracts 2 from x on Bacta Tank.  Forfeit 5.

Please let me know what to add/drop in the review. '