---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "Son of Vader" Stock
title: ! "QMC - The Rebirth"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-19
description: ! "QMC deck that relies on EPPs and Sabers to hold the sites, and Sabbac and OTEs for massive retrieval."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Quiet Mining Colony/Independent Operation
Bespin System
Cloud City Guest Quarters
HFTMF
Squadron Assignments
DODN/WA
Menace Fades

Locations
Bespin Cloud City
Could City Casino
Cloud City Lower Corridor
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber

Characters
Jedi Luke x 2
SOS
Obi-wan Kenobi x  2
EPP Han x 2
EPP Leia x 2
ECC Lando x 2
Chewie, Protector
Pucumir Thryss x 2
Dash Rendar
Wedge Antilles, Red Squad. Leader
Derek "Hobbie" Klivian
Colonel Cracken
Lt. Blount
Corran Horn
Yoxgit

Ships
Red Squadron 1
Red Squadron 4
Tala 1
Tala 2
Outrider

Weapons
Luke’s Saber
Obi’s Saber
X-wing Laser cannon

Effects
Goo Nee Tay
Lightsaber Prof.
Ounee Ta

Interrupts
Cloud City Sabacc x 3
Trooper Sabbac x 2
On the Edge x 2
Off the Edge x 2
Control/Tunnel Vision x 2
A Few Maneuvers x 2
Weapon Levitation
Path of Least Resistance/Revealed
OOC/TT

AO
I’ll Take the Leader '

Strategy: '

I played QMC about a year ago, and it did pretty well (about 7-2 or 6-3 in tourney games), and once I saw the Tatooine spoilers, I decided to bring it back and get used to it ’cause it’s gonna be a powerhouse with Keeping the Empire Out Forever.  But that’s in the future, and I wanted a QMC that could win now, and it has (5-1 so far since it’s rebirth).

The key to this deck is patience.  It takes a few turn to set up, and you have to stick to your game plan.  To flip QMC, you need to control 2 sites  (one wih Lando out) and Bespin Cloud City w/o the opponent controlling any.  After the flip, you have to protect Bespin system to keep it flipped (this will change after Tatooine).  Generally, you need to few turns to get the ships/characters needed to pull this off.  This is where the patience comes into play.  Even if the opponent is hurting you for a few force a turn early (ex Hunt Down/Court), you will retrieve it w/ Sabacc and the OTEs later on, so play your game, not theirs.  Don’t commit too early w/o enough characters to hold a site, ’cause you will get beat off of it.  Also, don’t flip until you are sure that you can hold Bespin system, ’cause that’s the easiest way for the opponent to flip it back.  So, the general startegy behind this deck is to get a cadre of characters to two CC sites (one if you get Lando early) and wait until you have the space force to fortify Bespin system.  After that, this deck lets you drain for a crazy amount as well as retrieve like a champ.  (One thing to remember a great way to flip QMC is to Hold one ground site, get some ships/matching pilots in your hand, and THEN deploy BespinCloud City.  Drop your ships there, drop one character to an empty CC site, flip, move the ships to the system and the character to the site with the other characters.  This way, the opponent doesn’t have a chance to occupy Bespin Cloud City and your characters won’t be spread out to thinly.)

Also, once QMC flips, your drains can’t be modified or canceled by the opponent, so he can’t use Control or those effects that let you place a non-unique ship/character on it to cancel the drain.  I’ve seen plenty of games where people still let this happen.

Specific card choices
Guest Quarters as starting location you get 2 force, oppoent gets one, force drain -1 for opponent, Leia deploys -2 here.  Leia’s reduced deploy can be huge.  Drop Leia for 2, Chewie for 2, and Han for 4.  You get power 13, ability 9, forfeit 18, two shots, cancel a character’s game text if their power <4, and 3 destinies for 8 force.  Nice.

EPP Han instead of Capt. Han/Falcon  It would be great to have Han, Leia and the Falcon sitting at Bespin system getting three destiny draws, but I need the ground pounding ability and extra destinies at the sites in this deck more.  So, I rely on the other ships plus the AO and Cannon to hold the system.  Wedge with Hobbie or Horn cancels a destiny, and with the AO, all are immune to attrition of at least 6.  Plus, bounty hunter ships are all power -2.

No CC Celebration Well, it was either this or another CC Sabacc, and I went with the Sabacc b/c I can use it early on and I also get to make the oppoent lose at least one card every time I win.

Why Sabacc?  These cards are great.  They let me retrieve 2-3 force every time I win at the Casino, plus the opponent loses a force of my choice from their Sabacc hand or I get to steal one of their cards.  Either way, it’s at least a 3 force swing for every win.  Plus, they’re used interrupts  CC Sabacc let’s me steal a starfighter, weapon, or  device, and Trooper Sabacc let’s me take a character weapon or transport vehicle w/o armor.   Last time I played a Court deck, I stole Zuckess in Mist Hunter and Boba Fett in Slave 1, and I made the opponent lose 4-LOM, Scum and Villiany and a Hidden Weapons.  Plus, Sabacc is a great way to track destinies for the OTEs.  Imagine this play Off the Edge with a tracked  A Few Manuevers, retrieve 5.  Then play CC Sabacc, retrieve 3, opponent loses 1 and then play Trooper Sabacc to retrieve 3 more and make the oppoent lose another 1.  Not only is this a 13 force swing, but you now know where any other high destinies are in your reserve to use with the OTEs next turn.  If you happen to lose a hand, you only drop one force and the oppoent retrieves none.  Finally, there is a little bit of tech I like to play with Sabacc.  When the opponent has only a few force in his reserve deck, play some sabacc.  Suddenly, he has no cards for destiny draws.  You can’t play Sabacc during a battle, so make sure you do this right before you or he initiates.  Imagine, dropping Leia and Han against IG-88, Mara, and Dengar, and they can’t shoot or draw a single destiny  Ouch.

Pucumir Adds 1 to force drains at all cloud city sites.  Him plus the Sabers can give you two drains of at least 4 at Lower Corridor and Carbonite Chamber, or three drains of at least 3 at LC, Carb. Chamber, and one of the other sites.  This deck can consistently drain for 9 a turn once you flip.

Yoxgit Delpoys free and power +2 at CC or JP site, and you can retrieve a weapon during each of your control phases INTO YOUR HAND.  Drop SOS, pull his saber, lose him in a battle, then retrieve the saber and drop Jedi Luke next turn.  Nice tech.

Weaknesses  
By far the weakest part of QMC decks is holding Bespin system.  The ships I have chosen have done the job thus far, and once Tatooine comes out it won’t be a problem. 

Force activation  Unfortunatley, this deck gives up 5-7 force late in the game.  If there was somthing I could do about it, I would.  Any suggestions? (other than not playing QMC to all of you QMC haters ot there)  

Matchups
Basically, play each game about the same.  You have to get QMC flipped, and you need most of your characters to do so effectively.  You can retrieve you heart out with this deck, even with SSPFT out, which will let you catch up once you flip.

Hunt Down  Try to cancel Visage with OOC/TT, but if you can’t, you’ll still have Luke and Obi at battlegrounds, and you can retrieve what you lose, and the opponent can’t, so let him rot.  Make sure to stay on CC and watch out for those massive beatdowns.  Try to get Menace Fades in action to get rid of his saber bonuses and Palpy/Janus.

Court  Again, stay on CC.  Once you get space set up with the AO and cannon, his ships shouldn’t cause you much trouble.  Plus, Menace Fades really hurts their drain potential.

ISB  Blount can really hurt this deck, and so does Menace Fades.  Plus, on the Flip of QMC, your drains can’t be touched by 5D6-RA7 or whatever his name is.

TIES  Tough matchup b/c you’ll be hard pressed to hang onto Bespin system.  However, you can out retrieve him.  It’ll be a long, close game, but I have won against TIEs.

And I’m spent. '