---
author: Stephen "Texan" Beckham
title: Because I got High
side: Dark
date: 2001-09-24
description: Afro motha @#$%in M-A-N
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (8):
Court of the Vile Gangster
Tatooine: Great Pit of Carkoon
Jabba&#8217;s Palace: Audience Chamber
Jabba&#8217;s Palace: Dungeon
Prepared Defenses
No Bargain
There&#8217;s No Try/Oppressive Enforcement
Power of the Hutt

Locations (4):
Tatooine: Cantina
Tatooine: Jabbas Palace
Jabba&#8217;s Palace: Lower Passages

Characters (21):
Mighty Jabba
Jabba
Boelo
Chall Bekan
Prince Xixor
4-Lom with Concussion Rifle x 2
Mara Jade x 2
Boba Fett with Blaster x 2
Jodo Kast
Dr. Evazon and Ponda Boba
Aurra Sing
P-59
Chokk
IG-88 with Riot Gun
Gailid
Dengar w/gun
Snoova
Guri

Vehicles (1):
Jabbas Sail Barge

Starships (3):
Bossk in boat
Zuckuss in boat x 2

Interrupts (14):
Jabbas Through With You x 2
Control/Set for Stun x 2
Elis Helrot
None Shall Pass x2
Neiomodian Advisor
Twilek Advisor
Weapon Leviation
Oota-Goota Solo
Sniper/Dark Strife
Imperial Artillery x 2

Effects (6):
Your Insight Serves You Well/Mobilization Points
Do they Have a Code Clearance?
Search & Destroy
Scum & Villainy x2
Hutt Influence

Weapons (4):
Mara&#8217;s Saber
Vibro Ax
Stun Blaster x 2


Strategy: 

Alright, with all this work with the new Republic characters, people are seeming to forget our roots.  Where we have been.  Court was the biggest thing forever and MKOS was huge too.  The Camp comes out and people drop these two decktypes without a thought.  I still think this deck is as powerful as ever.  Some of my card choices in this deck were first made to have fun and it is pretty obvious.  However, after playing with it I have found that it is actually very powerful and the even though this deck can become very expensive to deploy, it all works out well in the end.

Activation and deployment shouldn&#8217;t be much of a problem since Jabba subtracts one, Chall subtracts one and Scum subtracts one, leaving you a &#8211;2 in the end if they have The Camp out.  You can deploy them to the Chamber, move them out to the Palace and then use the Sail Barge to get where you need to be.

TRACKING IS KEY.  You need to have your high destiny come up during your battle.  That will be the key to winning battles and ultimately the game.

Early Game you want to set up fast in the Audience Chamber and Cantina if possible.  Use your Neiomodian Advisor to pull Jabbas Palace and the Cantina fast.  This will give you activation and a lot more generation.  Remember your Court Damage because it will be key to getting your opponent down.  Once you have a decent drain or two set up with a few battle interrupts in hand, get your Land Cruiser out with some aliens on board.  Remember that all your aliens aboard are immune to attrition < 6.  That makes them very sweet.  You should have a ton of damage potential when they are on the barge.  Use your battle interrupts to take away their potential for damage.  Your space fleet appartently is lacking in quantity, but it is full of quality.  Getting Bossk in your hand will be best.  That way you can search for Zuckuss and pull the mad beats on someone.


Card Choices

Jabba: Makes my guys deploy cheaper which is key in many games since this deck needs to somewhat rely on speed.

Chall Bekan: Same reason for holding baby Jabba in this deck

Mara Jade: Some people will say I should use Arica over Mara Jade.  I think that is not right at all.  With all those darned Jedi running around I will have a hard time.  I need the saber searching function to get it out fast and kill those Jedi bastards.

Boba Fett with Blaster x 2:  Originally this deck was a Hidden Weapons deck but I found with First Strike, I liked the SFS combo better.  Don&#8217;t have to track as much J.  Still a very useful character but you might want to swap the second out for a P-60 for the extra character.

Dr. Evazon and Ponda Boba: A god in this deck since character removal is so good.  Decks are made around this guy and Elis.

Aurra Sing: Ability four is a nice thing to have here and there and she gives it to you straight up.  I have also used her GT to steal a dead Jedi&#8217;s saber and turn around and kill others with it.  That just straight rocks.  Plus with the Court added forfeit makes her a little more decent.

P-59: This guy has it all.  Ability to draw destiny, immunity, built in weapon, built in direct damage and best of all he does not even cancel Scum.  All for four force. NICE.
Chokk: Probably the most suspect card in this deck.  After playing EP1 closed and sealed I realized the power of this guy.  First off he adds to my weapon destiny.  Two at that.  That means with a tracked five, you can return a jedi to the opponents hand with a stun blaster.  Sweet Jesus that is nice.  Plus he adds to leaders defense value and keeps your forfeit from being reduced.  I think the better question is why do I not have two in this deck?

Control/Set for Stun x 2: Track a destiny, return a potentially painful smuggler to the opponents hand and win the battle.

Imperial Artillery x 2:  Direct damage is so sweet.  Plus so is having a seven that you can track and return characters to hand, to draw for destiny or to just piss people off in general.

Your Insight Serves You Well/Mobilization Points:  I need to be able to circumvent numbers.  Not many people play the Mob Killer.  IF that is big in your area I suggest going with the regular or just resistance.  I used to play resistance, but with so many people playing docking bays still this seems better.

Do they Have a Code Clearance?: I personally think this is the best in anti-retrieval.  Reduces the amount and basically places the cards out of play.

Hutt Influence: Hidden Base flip is coming back.  Keep them from killing your drains that you need to win with.

Stun Blaster x 2: Combined with Jodo Cast and Chock these bad mothas will return even the greatest jedi back to the hand of the opponent for him to pay a crap load to deploy him again.  Man you just can not get any sweeter than that

Since there only seems to be two deck types out there right now I will explain those two.  Otherwise, just drain all game, don&#8217;t forget your damage and battle where you can for huge force losses.

WYS
Character removal ruins this deck. Just play your C/SFS and remove some scrub from the board, battle and remove another scrub and they go from a few destinys to potentially no destiny.  How nice.  Huge force loss then comes since you can shoot and remove their huge forfeits also.  Go to space only late game when you can battle, do some damage then be able to run from them cause early game they can deploy a bunch of people to space and beat you down bad.

Podprofit
This game will be hard I have to admit.  Since Qui-Gon can potentially wreck you since he is immune to No Bargain and None Shall pass.  That sucks ass.  But you are still in the game.  You may want to let them get Han and then use IG-88 to capture him and run around like an idiot, keeping him flipped.  You have to use your battle interrupts to keep them honest.  I Did It! Will the killer in this deck since you cant save force with losing force.  But don&#8217;t worry about that too much since you can retrieve it all with scum and villainy.  They will have to at least lose some force for your combo card.  This deck is very tough for you to beat but with tracked destinies you will come out victorious.  Wait for them to try the big Nabrun beat down and then you just straight up use Oota Goota and they lose all their characters.  SWEET!!!!!!!!!!!!!   Game winner.  Honesty this is the type of deck that killed Court so if pod profit is huge in your area I would go with something else.

HOWEVER IF WYS IF BIG IN YOUR AREA THIS DECK WILL STRAIGHT RAPE IT AND ITS CHILDREN.	
