---
layout: post
author: ! Jim "Stimmed Jim" Li
title: ! "Stimmed Jim’s new Senators No R3"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-10-17
description: ! "do your part to send me to worlds :-)"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'My Lord, Is That Legal?
Curscant Galactic Senate
Tatooine Desert Landing Site
Allegations of Corruption
The Phantom Menace
IAO/SP
Prepared Defenses

Tatooine DB
Tatooine JP
JP Audience Chamber
JP Lower Passages

Emperor Palpatine x2
Darth Maul w/ LS x3
Darth Vader w/ LS x2
Mighty Jabba
Prince Xizor
4-lom w/ gun 
Arica
Guri
Dr. E and Ponda Baba
Sim Aloo
Janus
GA Thrawn
Rune Haako
Kedar the Black
Gen. Veers

Edcel Bar Gane x2
Lott Dod x2
Tikkes x2
Passel Argente
Orn Free Taa
Coruscant Guard

Chimaera
Stinger
Fett in Slave 1
Zuckuss in MH
Blizzard 1

Imp. Barrier
Masterful move
monnok
Squabbling Delegates x2
Weapon Lev.
The Point is Conceded
Neimoidian Advisor
Ghhhk + TRWEU
Imp. Command
You are Beaten
Limited Resources
They’re Still Coming Through
Motion Supported
This is Outrageous
Accepting Trade Federation Control
'

Strategy: '

whats the deal with the 3 stars?  okay, maybe some people don’t think this deck is that great, but lets look at what a 3 star is ”This deck has a chance of placing at a local tournament.”  hmm... i don’t know what the definition of ”placing” at a tournament is, but this deck has never lost at a local tournament.

allright hayes, i don’t understand where you’re getting this ”wys beats senate every time” stuff, lets see the benefits WYS has after R3, force choke? you have no way of stopping my tikkes activation, i only have one location that can be affected by WYS, you’re reducing my activation by 1, wow, thats a big deal.  multiple destinies, well you get one on the ground, and when i go to space with guri you get one there too, while i’ll be getting 3 or 4 / battle in space, it doesn’t matter how much of my power you reduce with dash, 3 destinies will beat 1 destiny every time (hell, unless mirax is out on the table, you’ll be getting 0 destiny due to rune hakko.)  Clearly after R3 WYS will have to cut back on relying so much on interrupts from lost pile, so thats less of a factor.  Maybe you’ll keep the beggar in your deck, but against anything that has R3 its a wasted card slot.  Theres no place where you would have the advantage against me in a battle.  If i had Empy janus and sim at Tat. JP, there’s nothing in your deck that can kick them out.  so i’ll control the tatooine system and the JP sites, you can control the cantina and tatooine db, i won’t deploy mine to convert yours, so your drain there is a fat 1, i’ll keep a spy at whatever site luke isn’t at, and after i levitate luke’s saber another spy can join him at that site.  you’re drains are almost all accounted for, and with all the fatties in my deck i can invade some of your sites when i feel like i need to.  in fact, the only thing that saves your WYS deck from getting totally wrecked by this one is the sorry about the mess.  with out which you have no way of ever getting of a drain. (and of all the wys decks i’ve looked at, this is like the first that has packed a SATM, the vast vast majority of them has no anti-spy protection)  i don’t see how i can lose.

btw, if anyone is wondering the record of this deck, i’ve played it in like 3 or 4 tournaments and some pick up games and its never lost.

The basic point of this deck is to control the drains of your opponent with your spies and senators, set up large drains of your own, and control the battles.  With R3 in the enviroment, you won’t have to worry a lot about podracing, or SAC, or inserts, which just makes this deck better.  

During the first two turns, hopefully you got a Maul in your hand, and tikkes or a squabbling delegates to pull him.  You’ll pull the tat. db, drop maul for free, pull lott dod, deploy tikkes and move maul over to the db.  You can accomplish all on the first turn if you get the right draw and your opponent gives you 2 force.  Maul is a machine since you start the phantom menace.  keep up the pressure with drains and hand manipulation.  

After R3, i think i can see three LS decks that will for sure be popular, Mains from many platforms, WYS, and the new R3 LS objective.

Mains  This is easy, just keep your big guys to one site, and drain them for 3 or 4 a turn there, combined with taking cards out of their hands.  if they try to overpower you there, simply split up, run away, and cancel their drain with either an UC spy or a senator.

WYS be patient, WYS has lousy anti-spy cards, so use either arica or kedar to cover up the cantina drain, and  use a senator to cover up the Kessel drain until you can get your fleet together.  Edcel keeps them to one BD on the ground, and Guri keeps them to one in space.  if you really need to hold a location, just throw Rune Hakko there and you should be set.  

R3 objective it hard for me to say how this deck will do against the new Objective, as there are no good ways for DS to counter the new LS combat crap without any R3 of its own, but you do have 7 copies of dark jedis in the deck, so just invade the 3/2 site that LS starts with, pile up your guys there, and start draining for 3 or 5 / turn, combined with consistantly taking cards out of their hands.  that should be enough to put so much pressure on them that a win for you would be easy.  In this matchup you shouldn’t put Darth Maul on Tatooine, but instead save him for Naboo.

random crap This deck has a lot of characters and a lot of versatility, which helps out when you run into random decks that come out right after a new expansion.  it has the possibility of being a ”pressure” deck by setting up large drains early and taking cards out of your opponent’s hand, making it hard for them to get the right cards together to fight you.  or it has the possibility of being a deck that can shut down an opponents drains and winning by squezzing a few drains of its own thru.  the large amount of characters in this deck means you will have an easy time finding the right characters or the right 2 card combos to fight your opponent with. 

a few notes on card choices

Rune Hakko he is simply the man, combined with sim aloo he wins locations for you convincingly.  the only problem might be when they have 3p0 or mirax out, where they can make sim aloo ineffective, this is still okay, just always predict 4 or 5 in the battle, and if you’re wrong, it usually means their destiny was 1-3, which you can reduce by  3 with one of the political effects.

They’re Still Coming Thru not only does this cancel a variety of LS battle avoiding interrupts, it also combines well with tikkes, when you have no other use for it, simply play it to look at the top card of your force, since you can put it at the bottom of your force afterwards, if its a card you like, put it at the bottom and then draw it into hand with tikkes.  

Weapon Lev yup, they have a Defensive Shield to counter it, but there’s no way the LS can know that Weapon Lev is coming, so they will have to take a risk and play the Defensive Shield before they know if you have any Weapon Levs in the deck, which won’t happen most of the time, so you can still gain an element of surprise with this card. However i did take Aurra Sing out because deploying her gives away that you’re gonna play the weapon lev.


'