---
layout: post
author: ! none "RingBarrer" none
title: ! "cheap  but effective dagobah deck"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-09-23
description: ! "this is a verry efective deck for draining and retriving."
rating: 2.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations

Dagobah yoda’s hut (Starting)
Dagobah Bog clearing
Dagobah training area

Characters

Son of skywalker X 3

devices

Electrobinuculars X 3

Effects

Traffice control
Anger, fear, agression X 10

Interrupts

on the edge X 9
The bith suffle X 10
Sense X 3
Control X 9
carfull planning
the singnal X 3
Out of commision X 5  '

Strategy: '

now how to use it

you star with yoda’s hut, carfull planning, and Bog clearing. deploy luke with electobinicular’s and you got an effective retivel useing on the edge (remember to use those electrobiniculars to give you a high destiny of 5 or 6). use anger, fear, agession (AFA) to make the oponet lose 4 forces every turn. to make that work, you need to use the bith suffle to put AFA ase close to the top of oponets force pile as possible. out of commision is for recycling and to make the oponet possibly lose some important cards. sensc is to keep the opponet from cancling onthe egde and the bith suffle.I’ve seen locations that might only give you 1 or 2 force icons become drains of 5 so I included control to cancel thoese force drains. beware that there are a few cards that will hurt this deck like tenticle, the’ll be hell to play, monnok and voyeur but don’t worry to much about them (unless that is  a puppular card where you live, unlike me). As you probobly aleady noticed, most of thiese cards are common and uncommon (easyer to get), and you just need to bye premier and dagobah packs to get them(except for the singal). It sould beat some of the big Decks (they expect to battle you usually) and it would win turnements now and again, but beware, others might catch on, so you’ll need to change it now and again to your likeing.(like put in cards that will fixe the Tentile, the’ll be hell to play, monnok and voyeur problems and finding new and better cards to put in) this can even become a good ’mind what you’ve leard/save you it can’ deck with a few changes. try it and enjoy(remember if you fail the first time, try, try again and improve it) '