---
layout: post
author: ! Mason "Palleon" Johnson
title: ! "Death in Pitch Blackness v.2.0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-06
description: ! ' Darkside mains beatdown that is strong in all areas. It’s Old School with a New Age twist.'
rating: 2.5
---
Cards: 

' Objective(1) 

SYCFA/TUPITU 

Locations (9) 
Death Star 
Death Star Docking Bay 
Death Star War Room 
Endor 
Kiffex 
Alderaan 
Endor Forest Clearing 
Endor Back Door 
Endor Dark Forest 


Characters (18) 
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x2 
Dath Vader w/lightsaber 
Grand Moff Tarkin x2 
Captain Gilead Pealleon 
Grand Admiral Thrawn 
Janus Greejatus 
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand x2 
Prince Xizor 
Guri 
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba x2 
Snoova 
IG-88 with Riot Gun 
Dengar with Blaster Carbine 
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle 

Starships (7) 
Dreadnaught-class 
Chimera 
Executor 
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 
Avenger 
Boba Fett In Slave I 
Devastator 

Vehicles (5) 
Blizzard Scout 1 
Blizzard 2 
Tempest 1 
Tempest Scout 1 
Tempest Scout 6 

Interrupts (8) 

Twi’lek Advisor x2 
Control and Set For Stun x2 
Trample x2 
Imperial Barrier x2 

Effects (12) 

Disarmed x2 
Imperial Arrest Order 
Battle Order 
Lateral Damage 
Resistance 
A Bright Center To the Universe 
First Strike 
Secret Plans 
Oppressive enforcement 
Imperial Decree 
Reactor Terminal 
'

Strategy: '

 
edit Basics You wait until your opponet deploys on the ground or in space then you lay a huge beatdown and take over his sites and drain. You have good forfiet so don’t woory to mauch about being attacked. Just drain and battle the game away. 

Matchups 

Yavin 4 Mains 
Revo types are dead. SAC types have already wasted plenty or cards. You WILL have more of a hold on space. More than likely he won’t play a battleground in space. This is the fun part. Drop that Presence on the Death Star. for the LS as well, and with all of the walkers, you should be able to keep those high forfiets in tact away from the guns. Use Vader and Tarkin, and Guri and Xizor to deliver huge amount of direct damage. 

Ops 
Start Battle Order instead of the norm, get out the secret plans later. Five walkers and a couple of tramples should help immensely. No way will they control their planet. Use the Lateral Damage effectively. If needed, drop a drain site with Mara, POF, her stick and a walker. Drain for quite a bit. Ops are dead anyway so you rally dont have to worry. 

EBO 
Sit on the last marker with Igar, they will have a tough time with the Search and Destroy, and the Battle Order. As a plus you are packing 7 ships super high forfeit character-pilots and Lateral Damage. The scout can prove very valuable here. They will more than likely come to the Death Star or Alderaan, If they play swarm, resistance will keep them down to 2 per system and you can stack on one or two. 
I playtested against these decks the most because I thought I would see a lot of them a regionals, and it does very well. Most don’t pack enough ships to keep a grip on space anyway. If an oppurtunity comes up beat them down. Cancel their force drain bounuses and this game is easy. 

Dagobah mains 
If they have an only battle deck, that will be the more interesting of all the decks you will play against. Drain away at the endor sites with walkers abound. Your force generation should be too much for them. 

Hidden Base 
It looks as if we are finally seeing the end of this as a major deck archtype. Battle Order and Lateral Damage along with Search and Destroy should be key cards against them. You have plenty of ships, and again they can never resist the Death Star. 

Profit 
Bring the walkers to tatooine. It will be a knock down drag out fight, but they won’t have Han and he (EPP Han) is the scariest of all the mains against you (he connects with EPP Leia and Luke to provide 3 destinies.) Set up those high destinies and you should be fine. Destoy them on the ground and in space. 

Thanks for Reading and Reviewing   '