---
layout: post
author: ! Thomas "COTEB" Dowling
title: ! 'Hey Watch it v2 (this one works)'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-17
description: ! 'Yeah after @#$%ing up the last one with an oversight on my part I put this one together and well it works.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

' Starting

Watch Your Step/This Place Can Be a Little Rough 

Tatooine  
Tatooine Cantina  
Tatooine Docking Bay 94 

Heading For The Medical Frigate  

Insurrection
Squadron Assignments  
Staging Areas              

  Locations

         1 Home One Docking Bay  
         1 Kessel  

  Characters

         1 Artoo & Threepio  
         1 Captain Han Solo  
         1 Chewbacca, Protector  
         1 Dash Rendar  
         1 Lando With Blaster Pistol  
         3 Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight  
         1 Melas  
         1 Mirax Terrik  
         4 Palace Raider 
         1 Talon Karrde  
         1 Wedge Antilles  
         2 Patrol Craft 
         2 Millennium Falcon  
         1 Outrider  
         1 Pulsar Skate  

  Interrupts

         1 Artoo, I Have A Bad Feeling About This  
         1 Cantina Brawl 
         1 Choke 
         1 Clash Of Sabers  
         2 Control & Tunnel Vision 
         1 Fall Of The Legend  
         2 Fallen Portal  
         1 I’ve Got A Bad Feeling About This 
         1 It Could Be Worse 
         2 On The Edge 
         2 Out Of Commission & Transmission Terminated 
         1 Rebel Barrier 
         1 Smoke Screen  
         1 The Signal  
         1 Weapon Levitation  

  Effects

         1 Battle Plan  
         1 Eject Eject 
         1 Legendary Starfighter  
         1 Order To Engage  
         1 Ounee Ta  
         1 Underworld Contacts  
         1 What’re You Tryin’ To Push On Us?   

 Admiral’s Order

1 I’ll Take The Leader 

Weapons

   1 Luke’s Lightsaber  
'

Strategy: '

Well this deck plays a little differently from the last one (if you didn’t see the last one don’t bother it’s not worth seeing)

 If you pull any of the smugglers or their matching ships (and you’re confident your opponent won’t send anyone up after you their first turn) pull kessel and deploy it and deploy the smuggler/ship (don’t do this if your opponent is playing Court or an obvious space deck)

 Now space wise you’ll want to have 2 smugglers in each ship if you intend to leave anyone alone. But if you are to leave anyone alone preferably have it be Capt Han in the Falcon w/ Chewie or Melas (Melas if you are worried about ZiMH)

 Ground Wise keep yourself at the docking bay so you can be protected by fallen portal. For the ground Jedi Luke, Lando, Karrde and the Merc pilots and the 2 patrol craft will be who you’ll be relying on the most. If you aren’t worried about being beatdown in space by all means have Chewie, Melas and Wedge come down for sine fighting. Now if you feel confident that going into the cantina won’t kill you (or you have cantina brawl and you can track destinies well) go ahead and drain there as well. The reason I”m hesitant to go into the Cantina is well in there you have no protection for the little guys unless Karrde is there, and Vader taking Luke if they are playin a BHBM deck and leavin a buncha scrubs is not cool so.



 Now some reasoning for Cards in here.

 2 Patrol Crafts Well i see these as a nice to have on table with the Merc pilots but are fine to have in the reserve as they are destiny 4.

 Choke With all the new EU aliens this card can be a lifesaver.

Bad Feeling cards Well each of these are just great battle cards.

Eject Eject it’s a sweet sweet card

I’ll Take the leader Well for this deck i felt it was better fitted to it than with the new AO


 That’s it.

 Well if you see any problems, things i should take out, things i should add just say so.

 Tom ”COTEB” Dowling


 Here’s some responses to some reviews (so far only one)

”You’re to character light. Add a couple more guys in place of some interrupts.”  - JRock 

 Yes at first glance it may seem thatI’m character light, but really one of certain characters is quite enough. The retrieval in here will take care of that. And replacing interrupts with characters wouldn’t be wise, because those interrupts are what make the deck work. '