---
author: Douglas "Douglas" Harvilla
title: 'Vote Now, Vote Often, Vote Sith'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-09-24
description: '  The Sith are the most powerful special interest group in the galaxy.  They own the Senate, they own the Trade Federation, they even own the Jedi Council, who secretly kept sending Qui-Gon out hoping to be rid of him.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objective:
My Lord, Is That Legal?

Epic Event:
If The Trace Was Correct

Locations(5):
Galactic Senate
Desert Landing Site
DB 94
Executor DB
DSII DB

Political Action Committee(13):
Lott Dod
Orn Free Ta x3
Tikkes x2
Edcel Bar Gane x2
Passel Argente x2
Aks Moe
Toonbuck Toora
Baskol Yeesrim

Thugs(11):
Darth Maul x3
Darth Maul, Young Apprentice 
Darth Vader With Lightsaber x3
Sith Probe Droid
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Dr Evazan & Ponda Baba
Grand Admiral Thrawn

Weapons(2):
Maul’s Lightsaber x2

Starships(5):
Executor
Chimaera
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One

Effects(11):
I Will Find Them Quickly, Master
Crush The Rebellion
IAO & Secret Plans
YCHF & Mobilization Points
Begin Landing Your Troops
This Is Outrageous
Accepting Federation Control
Blast Door Controls
The Phantom Menace x3

Interrupts(11):
Prepared Defenses
Evader & Monnok
Defensive Fire & Hutt Smooch
Squabbling Delegates
Maul Strikes x2
The Point Is Conceded x2
I Have You Now
Sniper & Dark Strike
Force Field 

Strategy: 

  Tailor your trio of starting effects to the objective you’re facing, and try to flip early.  The Phantom Menace helps a great deal, getting Lott Dod from the deck if Maul is on table.  

  Much has already been written about the Senators.  By now, you are probably aware that the destiny average of such a deck becomes insane once it flips, when it comes to weapon and battle destiny draws, anyways.  So the hit squad is designed to take advantage of it.

  During your Control Phase, make sure you use Lott’s game text, do all your force drains, hoping the opponent will lose cards from hand or play interrupts, letting you wreck whatever is left over by using 3 force to make the opponent put back 2 cards.  Mix in Defensive Fire recycling and perhaps being pulled with Lott Dod, and you can really mess with your opponent.

  Pull the political effects out as soon as possible.  These are wonder weapons, and can be used indefinitely as the Senators can be reycled. Along with Orn Free Ta and The Point Is Conceded, that’s a lot of recycling high-destiny cards.

  The Sith Probe Droid should be deployed when it will recycle a card you want to use or track later, like Evader & Monnok or The Phantom Menace.  The same goes for the retrieval from Squabbling Delegates.  Timing is more important than quantity of retrieval here.  

  Activation?  Ample, especially when you get Maul for free and can flip at the Senate using 3 force.  All the LS themes that force you to use up gobs of force also give you icons.  

  Sense/Alter?  If I really saw much Light Side S/A being played, I could be bothered to put in Oppressive & DODN.  As it stands, I’m not worried about it.  Try and knock it out with the objective text or let it pile up and swat it with Evader/Monnok, immune to Sense thanks to Crush The Rebellion. 