---
layout: post
author: ! Hallvard "Wedgefan" Sandvold
title: ! "You cannot allow us to be condemned without reasonable observation"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-15
description: ! 'Dark Side senate deck. The title also expresses a wish to you reviewers out there :)'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting
My Lord, is that Legal?/I will make it legal
Coruscant Galactic Senate
Blockade Flagship Bridge
Prepared Defenses

Locations
Coruscant DB (SE version)
Naboo DB
Naboo Battle Plains
Naboo Theed Palace Throne Room
Tatooine Mos Espa DB

Characters
Darth Maul
Darth Maul, Young Apprentice
Lord Vader x2
Emperor Palpatine
Mara Jade
P-59
P-60
Destroyer Droid
Nute Gunray
Rune Haako
Daultay Dofine
Lott Dod x2
Aks Moe x2
Passel Argente
Edcel Bar Gane
Tikkes x2
Baskol Yeesrim x2

Weapons
Maul’s Saber
Vader’s Saber
Mara’s Saber

Starships
Bossk in Bus
Boba Fett in Slave I
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Interrupts
Squabbling Delegates
Weapon Levitation
Maul Strikes
I Have You Now
Force Lightning
Sense x3
Alter
Nemoidian Advisor
The Piont is Conceded x2
No Civility, Only Politics
Masterful Move/Endor Occupation
They’re Still Coming Through
Little Real Power

Effects
The Phantom Menace
Begin Landing Your Troops
Motion Supported
This is Outrageous
Our Blockade is Perfectly Legal
Allegations of Corruption
Secret Plans '

Strategy: '

Response to reviews
mp5 I agree. Any suggestions as to what I could take out?

********************end update*******************


This is my attempt at a Dark Side Senator deck. This far, it is undefeated in playtesting.

At start, use Prepared Defenses to deploy The Phantom Menace, Begin Landing Your Troops and either Alleagtions fo Corruption or Secret Plans, depending on what deck you are facing. I?m still not sure about starting the Bridge instead of a Naboo location, but it has worked very well this far.

In the early game, build your power at the senate to flip as soon as possible. Use Begin Landing Your Troops and Nemoidian Advisor to get out your other sites, and deploy your heavy hitters to Naboo to start draining (and causing Direct Damage with Baskol Yeesrim). 

You should consider leaving one of the Nemoidians at the Bridge to give your Destroyer Droids the power bonus. The other two should be used at Naboo with their awesome forfeit (+4 with Lott Dod and Begin Landing Your Troops). 

Don?t go to space with your small fleet unless you really have to, or you get a chance to cause some serious damage. Never deploy first to a system unless you KNOW it will be safe.

When you are all set up at the senate your Political Effect (protected by some SAC), will help you drain, cancel drains, and killing your opponent?s characters. Almost always use your opportunity to place the senators there back at the end of your turn, as their destiny is generally high thanks to your Objective. Don?t forget that although the senate is not a battleground, you can still drain for one there.

If you encounter a LS politics deck, you have a few interrupts that will help you out. Most other decks won?t be able to challenge your control of the Senate.

Later in the game, stay on Naboo with your mains unless they are outdraining you some other place on the ground. Your forces will in most cases NOT be sufficient to both hold Naboo and challenge your opponent elsewhere, so don?t attempt any full-scale invasions. 

You also have some late-game retrieval with Squabbling Delegates. NEVER use it early unless you really have to.

Some card choices

The three Nemoidian guys
Good gametext, awesome forfeit. Gunray and Haako will in most cases have a forfeit of 10

The Point is Conceded
Used Interrupt, destiny 6, always playable in this deck. ?Nuff said.

Maul Strikes and I Have You Now
Can be used for a hit and fade attack on opponent?s character, usually causing lots of damage in the process.

They?re Still Coming Through
Nothing is more annoying than having your chance at a beatdown as described above thwarted by a Rebel Barrier. This is your answer.

The Phantom Menace
Makes Maul a beast. Also allows you to deploy your forfeit fodder from Reserve Deck ;)

I am sorry for this strategy being a bit ”jumbled”, but I hope that you managed to get some sense out of it. 

Thanks for reading,
Hallvard Sandvold  '