---
layout: post
author: Bastian "Death Star" Winkelhaus
title: 'Watto by Winkelhaus'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-09-01
description: 'My version of the No money, no parts deck that won european championships.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

       Epic Events (1)
       Boonta Eve Podrace 

       Ships (3)
       Chimaera 
       Executor 
       Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 

       Characters (21)
       P-59 
       Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba 
     2 Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand 
       Mighty Jabba 
       Prince Xizor 
     2 Televan Koreyy 
     4 Watto 
       4-LOM With Concussion Rifle 
     3 Darth Vader With Lightsaber 
       Janus Greejatus 
     2 Darth Maul 
     2 Emperor Palpatine

       Weapons (2)
       Mara Jade’s Lightsaber 
       Maul’s Lightsaber 

       Podracer (1)
       Sebulba’s Podracer 

       Effects (5)
       Blast Door Controls 
       Imperial Arrest Order & Secret Plans 
       Search And Destroy 
       There Is No Try 
       Watto’s Box 

       Interrupts (21)
       Force Lightning 
       Omni Box & It’s Worse 
     2 Podracer Collision 
     2 Always Thinking With Your Stomach 
     2 Ghhhk 
       He Hasn’t Come Back Yet 
       Hit Racer 
       Start Your Engines! 
     2 Imperial Barrier 
       Masterful Move 
       Projective Telepathy 
     2 This Is Some Rescue! 
       Watto’s Chance Cube 
     3 We Must Accelerate Our Plans. 

       Locations (5)
       Blockage Flagship: Bridge 
       Tatooine: Desert Landing Site 
       Tatooine: Mos Espa 
       Tatooine: Podrace Arena 
       Tatooine: Watto’s Junkyard 

       Objective(1)
       No Money, No Parts, No Deal!/You’re A Slave? 




Strategy: 

So thats the deck that i played at the european championships. I hoped to catch some people by surprise and i guess it worked. The objective is obviously about pressure so i think podracing is a natural part of it. As great as it is against opponents that dont race, you will prolly lose the race against a dedicated light podracing deck thoughSo you should allways start the box if opponent does not race and another effect against racing. Either There is no try if you suspect SAC or Blast door controls against WYS for example. Allways, ALLWAYS flip first turn if you can. Watto deploys for free and might deploy from reserve so you got 6 force at least to deploy one other character at mos espa. I play 2 Televan Korreys cause he´s a god in your starting hand. Flipping for free is the @#$%. 
Don´t reinforce your base (junkyard and mos espa) unless your opponent pays for it. If they come for you, beat em up. Else go to their place and beat em up. If they come for you with too much you can handle, let them drain and make em missing. Never put your best card face down for them to pay it,  cause they wont at times. Unless your desperate of course. 

This deck has a good chance of loosing to decks that utilize AFA, like Dagobah or cheese profit because they can allways pay 2 instead of losing 2. But it can win high against other stuff, like it won twice against Martin Falke, by 31 and 33 and in the final against Peter di Biasio by 38.

