---
layout: post
author: ! Carl "Rei" Gravel
title: ! "Who likes Jedis  they ain’t doing nothing but think "
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-19
description: ! "This is your Average aquarium deck: Maul stalks the babe, Ugly old pals at the senate, oil machines on the grassfieldsand fearful looking gramps on the holoscreen"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7)
My lord, is that legal? / I will make it legal.
Coruscant Galactic Senate
Tatooine Desert Landing Site
Prepared Defense
The Phantom Menace
I will find them quickly master
META CARD (see strategy)

Epic Event (1)
If the trace was correct

Podracer (1)
Sebulba’s Podracer (somebody is using a different??)

Locations (4)
Naboo Theed Palace Courtyard
Naboo Theed Palace Throne Room
Naboo Battle plains
Blockade Flagship Bridge

characters (28)
Darth Maul x2
Darth Maul, Young Apprentice x2
Sith Probe Droid x3
P-59
P-60
Destroyer Droid x6
Nute Gunray x2
Rune Haako
Keder The Black
Emperor Palpatine
Darth Vader with lightsaber
Lott Dod x2
Tikkes
Yeb Yeb Adem&þ
Edcel Bar Gane
Baskol Yeesrim
Orn Free Taa

Weapons (1)
Maul’s lightsaber

Starships (3)
Zuckuss in mist hunter
Dengar in punishing one
Ig-88 in IG-2000

Interrupts (13)
We must accelerate our plans x2
The point is conceded
Squabbling Delegates x2
This is outrageous
Limited Ressources x3
Nemoidian Advisor
Maul Strikes x2
Vote Now

Effects (2)
The Phantom Menace
Forced Servitude '

Strategy: '

Before going into more deep strategy, let’s look at the basepoints of the decks and the card choice.

About my location choices Locations are realy important as they are the ground where your forces
fight, chose your terrain well ^.^

Tatooine Desert landing site
I decided that doing (well almost overthemed but still powerful) EP1-kind deck would be cool
so here you have Maul hunting the queen (which can help great deal since Padme is so much used
these days, I’ve even faced a Hyperdrive deck based almost solely on padme and her handmaiden
in a local tourney, so this can turn to your advantage.
So by starting with the desert landing site you have a twix location giving no icons to the 
lightside, one of the best start you can have since there is no other helper card to grab
this site once the game has started. It can also be REALY helpful to do quick and damaging
drains once you verified your opponent reserve deck and made sure he didn’t have any 
SANDWHRIL, LOST IN THE WILDERNESS and AMIDALA personna left.

Blockade Flaship Bridge 
twix location that can be gotten using We must accelerate our plans. Also cool to have 
Nute Gunray here with some backup to have all your destroyer droids destiny +3 and power +1.

Naboo Locations These are good overall locations and one of your senator does an Occupation
like effect that can realy hurt your opponent (more on this strategy below). Also all of
these locations can be downloaded with Nemoidian Advisor (killer card).

Ok now after the locations, what do I do in a game?

General Thoughts
Having Maul running around protected by Phantom Menace is just lord, you can get
your nemoidians (lott dod, nute gunray, rune haako), you can get the bridge,
you get to have high destiny senators, high destiny destroyer droids, you are
ready to fight and do some high damage.

Hunt the queen
Why bother going after amidala? well since I use maul anyway to do some beatdown, jedi
suppression and lot of other useful stuff, why not use him for something else?
It is great, not card intensive at all (starting effect, epic event and 3 probe droids)
and These probe droids even have usefulness (forced servitude, crutial cards retrieval,
forfeit fodder) and you can get em from your reserve deck. doing a forfeit loop
with them is easy (lose 1, retrieve it by deploying another one, etc). And the
ability to do a Beggar-like thing is HUGE, shuffling is cool too if you are not
on tatooine and carrying the queen.

Senate why the senate?
Ok I’m not going to add all the details, beside playing limited ressources,
anti-force drain political effect loops and lot of other goods (tunnel vision)
but if you want to know why in deep, I suggest you go read my recent article
about dark side politics 

http//decktech.net/swccg/articles/articledetail.php3?article=2735

NAboo Occupation, why bother?
This is an optionnal goodies, like I said naboo’s locations are great to generate
forces, drain and play on (not lot of junk against the locations like sandwhril or
whatever). You only bother to go control the site if you are in total control of 
the game situation (for example when playing against mwyhl) your destroyer droids
are well able to hold the sites if you play carefully and evaluate your opponent’s
beatdown forces. I chose to have these three locations but if you decide to build
a variant much more deviated in the occupation genre you could also add the Theed
Palace docking bay and play some Etablished Control for more damage. You don’t
even have to fear HONOR OF THE JEDI since you have Power TIKKES in at the senate.

Only 2 effects, Am I crazy?
Not realy, sure there is lot of killer effects out there, but not much are
THAT neccessary, I decided to play more characters than characters support.
Your opponent will be exasperated to see your droids come over and over
and Maul getting back to life. Another The phantom Menace because it is neccesary
(I prefer having a second than putting an Endor Occupation & Masterful Move in
since you can get it back with We must accelerate our plans and it is not crutial
to have it on table AT ALL TIME. Forced Servitude Just plain rocks with all the
droids you have, you might want to add in a second one if you wish.

Only 3 Ships ??
Right, I know my space is weak, but do I realy need to add more? these
three ships are more than enought (you might also add in Boba Fett in ship
if you are used to play against LS space) to act as a reactive forces since
all your damage (drains, naboo damage, limited ressources) comes from
ground, so you realy only need those to get rid of some annoying dash on
kessel and the like or to probe an hidden base.

4 Mauls?
Yes I need him fast to have TPM working to get my nemoidians
and also if you know your opponent don’t have amidala, have him drain
mad on tatooine if you know it’s safe (see DESERT LANDING SITE).

Emperor Palpatine? Destiny 6 and He helps hold your naboo sites, enought said.

META CARDS

Imperial Arrest Order & Secret plans
Every deck should have Secret plans to stop the LS retrieval. This could easily be
your 3rd Starting Interrupts. Even more if you chose to concentrate more on the
Naboo Occupation by Getting the docking bay earlier to play etablished Control

There is no try & Oppressive Enforcement
If SAC is strong in your area, don’t hesitate to play this, you have lot of crucial
interrupts out there (squabbling delegates, maul strikes, etc)

You cannot hide forever
Don’t waste your time with the combo, you realy just want this to kill more
jedis and protect yourself against these damn annoying numbers. Since most
ppl using numbers caught up quickly and start don’t do that again to suspend the
combo (and since you don’t have any BG planets) it’ll be rendered useless and
since you don’t need mob points at all, DON’T PLAY THE COMBO.

61st cards

Another Nemoidian Advisor

Another Maul’s lightsaber

Naboo Docking Bay + Etablished Control

A second EPP Vader for some beatdown, character removal.

Droid protections (Oh, Switch OFF and Self Destruct Mecanism) but these
are too cards intensive I think.

Well I sure am conscious that this deck is not perfect, but in my opinion is
realy good because it is extremely well balanced and since lot of ppl
underestimate the damage done by destroyer droids, it’s juste getting better.
It doesn’t look like it but you can do some serious DIRECT DAMAGE early on

limited ressources loop (thanks to your objective and sith probe droids)
naboo occupation
Destroyer droids hitting ppl (scouts or smuggler for that matter)
Yeb Yeb removing cards
And I’m not even talking about the draining here.

Well that should be it, I won’t go into doing matchups since not two decks
are made alike, just be sure to VERIFY your opponent deck whenever you get
the chance to KNOW WHAT YOU ARE FIGHTING AGAINST, this help a GREAT GREAT
DEAL. Also be cautious not to let him verify yours early on too for that 
matter.

If you have any questions just D-EMAIL me, I’ll be glad to help you build
your decks, answer your questions and debating some points. I also hope
to receive some *CONSTRUCTIVE* reviews, Thanks a lot.

Oh and Aquarium deck because you are playing fish and the red fish king ^.^ '