---
layout: post
author: Scott "Cheesor" Ritchie
title: 'QMC - Dirty, Dirty Lift Tubes 2'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-08-06
description: 'This is a resubmission with a more concise strategy section.  A Quiet Mining Colony deck that avoids bad battles while preparing itself to turn the tables.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (7) 
Quiet Mining Colony/Independent Operation 
Bespin 
Cloud City: Guest Quarters 
Heading For The Medical Frigate 
Battle Plan 
Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice 
Keeping The Empire Out Forever 

Locations (4) 
Cloud City: Carbonite Chamber 
Cloud City: Core Tunnel 
Cloud City: North Corridor 
Cloud City: Upper Plaza Corridor 

Characters (19) 
Admiral Ackbar 
ASP-707 (Ayesspee) x2 
Captain Han Solo 
Chewbacca 
General Calrissian 
General Crix Madine 
General Walex Blissex 
Lando With Blaster Pistol 
Major Haash&#8217;n 
Obi-Wan Kenobi 
Palace Raider x2 
Princess Leia x2 
Pucumir Thryss x2 
Son of Skywalker x2 

Vehicles (6) 
Lift Tube x6 

Starships (4) 
Home One 
Independence 
Liberty 
Millennium Falcon 

Interrupts (14) 
Lift Tube Escape x3 
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes & Out Of Somewhere 
Narrow Escape x2 
Off The Edge x4 
Surprise Assault 
Transmission Terminated 
Balanced Attack x2

Effects (3) 
Cloud City Celebration 
Your Insight Serves You Well 
Menace Fades 

Admirals Orders (1) 
Capital Support 

Weapons (2) 
Anakin&#8217;s Lightsaber 
Leia&#8217;s Blaster Rifle  

Strategy: 

Last time I submitted this article I got a total of 4 reviews, one of which did not even read the deck list.  I believe people were scared off by the big section of "words" beneath the deck list.


Set up by pulling sites and such.  If you have too many cards in hand (because of monnok) deploy excess lift tubes and vehicle droids before you are ready to flip.  When searching for your sites, note what is in your force pile, and draw for a starship, pilot, and two ground characters.

Flip, and use KTEOF to find missing elements of your strategy.  Use balanced attack to get Ackbar, Obi, Wallex Blissex (a nice low force general), Lando, or Crix to wherever is needed.

If they overpower you on the ground, use lift tube escape and narrow escape to get away safely, then beat them up next turn or drain them.  Use the ASP droid to put lift tubes on top of the reserve deck for battle destiny, off the edge, or even Leias Blaster Rifle.

To hold the system, a star cruiser with Hasshn will last almost forever.  Use Ackbar or Out of Somewhere to get Hasshn in to cancel Lateral Damage mid battle.  Capitol support works beautifully in this deck - ground generals cause direct damage, and the mon cals start to get serious immunity.  Controlling the system is not critical to the strategy, occupying is all you need to do.


That is the basic means of the deck.  Track revealed destinies, and you will often find yourself retrieving boatloads, even with secret plans on table.

Remember you can always hop away from battles to the north corridor to cancel their drains.  They can not cancel your drains with the north corridor, control, or even surprise assault where you have an alien due to the objective.

Also remember that Narrow Escape is not a react, and is also not unique.  This should protect you from surprise senses (in addition to DODN/WA).


Old cards I used to play:
Honor - Does not do much for this deck, with No Escape being so popular.
OOC/TT - Holotable is popular in my area, as is This is Some Rescue.  Normal TT works just as well, and causes loss when holotable dies.
Jedi Luke - Too high deploy, especially with my use of Star Cruisers.  Sonny is almost as good anyway.
General Solo - Too high deploy, stupid text.
Rite of Passage - Do not need, with the escape cards.


This deck does well against many decks, including those with heavy space, as I drain for lots on the ground while they spend several turns trying to boot me out of Bespin.  On several occasions, I have had Leia and her blaster take a trip to Hoth to cause a Walker to be immediately lost.  

Have fun, and please provide at least some helpful reviews.  Thanks :) 