---
layout: post
author: ! doug "froggy" ford
title: ! "CCT DARK DEAL V 2.0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-30
description: ! 'carbon chamber testing with jabbas prize and dark deal and bounty hunting'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'STARTING 9
carbon chamber testing / my favorite decoration
cloud city security tower
cloud city carbonite chamber
jabbas prize
carbonite chamber console
prepared defenses
inconsequential losses
secret plans
all wrapped up

LOCATIONS 6
bespin cloud city x2
jabba’s palace audience chamber
tattoine docking bay 94
cloud city east platform
cloud city interrogation room

INTERRUPTS 8
twi’lek advisor x2
sniper x2
jabba’s through with you x2
hidden weapons x2

EFFECTS 6
bounty x2
reactor terminal
bad feeling have 1
dark deal
insignificant rebellion

WEAPONS 5
vaders lightsaber
mara jades lightsaber
dengars modified riot gun
feltipern trevagg’s stun rifle
zuckuss snare rifle

DEVICE 4
binders x4

CHARACTERS 18
darth vader, dark lord of the sith x2
mara jade the emporers hand x2
grand moff tarkin x2
lando calrissian
jabba the hutt
m’iiyoom onith
4-LOM with concussion rifle
IG-88 with riot gun
bossk with mortar gun
dengar with blaster carbine
boba fett (cc)
jodo kast
bane malar
zuckuss
guri '

Strategy: '

start out by deploying the east platform and lando fromr eserve deck. unless you get zuckuss in yer opening draw. he is the best for escorting. becaus eif someone wants to fight him he can move away for free. next start moving jabba’s prize to the audience chamber. you’re goal now is to get jabba and miiyoom onith to the audience chamber. basically draw tog et one. and use the game text of the audince chamber ot get the other one. once you have accomplkished that you can keep yer opponets characters out of his hand forevor. once you flip the objective you can set up dark deal. with the 4 starships in the deck. you only need to control bespin cloud city long enough to play dark deal. so dont go anywhere else with them just leave them there you should be able to handle yerself. but if not dont worry about losing them. from this point drain from cloud city. and if yer opponet deploys people then play a bouty on them capture via
a bounty huter weapons
b hidden weapons
c all wrapped up
with boba fett. bring them to the prison retieve a bunch of force. and then bring them to the interogation room to hurt you’re opponet really bad. i think this deck is pretty solid. any advice? '