---
layout: post
author: ! Dennis "Denethor" Jeffris
title: ! "Starfighters My @$$"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-05-09
description: ! "Here’s a capitals EBO which rocks.  It’s updated of my just-posted Capital Support For EBO"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (4) 
Power Generators 
North Ridge 
Signal 
A New Secret Base 

Locations (7) 
Echo Commander Center 
Echo Docking Bay 
Echo Corridor 
Hoth 
Mon Calamari 
Yavin IV
Sullust

Characters (16
Obi-Wan with Stick x3 (kills all)
Wedge, RSL 
Red Leader 
Dutch 
Dash Rendar 
Major Haash&#8217;n 
Commander Luke 
Zev 
Hobbie 
Boussh 
Captain Solo 
Lando with Blaster 
Biggs Darklighter 
Corran Horn 

Starships (16) 
Tantive IV 
Spiral 
Independence
Defiance
Home One 
Liberty 
Mon Calamari Cruiser x7
Outrider 
Millenium Falcon 
Artoo In Red 5 

Effects (12)
Staging Areas
Echo Base Garrison 
Echo Base Ops 
Bacta Tank 
Launching The Assault 
Haven 
Honor Of The Jedi 
What&#8217;re You Trying To Push On Us? x2 
Wise Advice 
Insurrection 
Capital Support x2-(Admiral&#8217;s Order) 

Interrupts (4) 
The Signal x2
Out Of Commission & Transmission Terminated  '

Strategy: '

Here’s an EBO deck that avoids the weaknesses of old fashioned EBO decks. They’re easily whacked by SFS cannons Well, with capitals, you don’t have that problem All the bonuses are the same, except for EBOX retrieval, but that’s a minor downfall for a help in a huge weakness. Capitals have massive forfeit, so you’ll only lose lots of cards to a heavy ground deck. 

This deck is basically a regular EBO deck, like I said, with caps that avoid SFS I hate that card. 

----->NOTE  it may not seem like I have much activation, but with the deploy modifiers and so much activation, I have plenty.  also, you usually only deploy 1 Mon Cal, MAYBE, a turn.<----

Why this card? 

Staging Areas helps get your Star Cruisers out faster and easier, and it’s good for all the docking bays running around, including Hoth Echo Docking Bay.

Mon Calamari If you have a star cruiser there, then their Star Destroyers can’t deploy there There goes Chimaera Also, your cruisers are deploy -1 there (-2 with EBO out, -3 with Ackbar there) So, cheap cruisers w/ no beatdown potential. Awesome. 

Orimaarko Excellent beatdown card. They lose 2 force when you beatdown their imperial? Awesome. 4/4 characters aren’t too shabby. 

Red Leader/Dutch/Biggs 2/2 characters with 5 forfeit, 7 when Insurrection is out. Very very good with Bacta Tank. 

Boussh Why not DOS or Leia w/ Rifle? I think cancelling big drains is better than a once-a-game beatdown. I have 2 Obi w/ Sabers in there, so they can do the beatdowns (and Lando, Corran, etc etc etc) 

Starfighters Ok, it’s not ALL caps, but these ships rock just too much to leave out. 

Launching The Assault The most underused effect in the game. May take Home One into hand? rock on. my drains are +1 at systems w/ a cruiser piloted by a character??? MORE drains from EBO That means at 4 systems, you can have 16 drains a turn 

Haven I like this card. Deploy on Hoth, Yavin or Sullust when you’re about to smash puny TIEs or SDs out of the sky. Lets see... ships deploy DIRT CHEAP especially for Mon Cals.

Wise Advice use your grabbers for cheap I’m thinking about taking What’re You... out for Grappling Hooks for higher destiny. What do you think? 

Honor Helps a lot against several decks. No Escape stinks, so just lose it if they have it. 

Insurrection even though I don’t have tons of 2/2 pilots here, I still have 6, and with Bacta tank, it rules. Also protects from the underused Elis Helrot. 

Capital Support obvious choice. pilots deploy -1 to ships, -2 is Ackbar. So, Ackbar deploys free to Home One, which is pulled from Reserve with Launching The Assault? Sweet. Can be pulled with Ackbar too. 

Major Haash’n cancels that damned Lateral Damage. Also, can be pulled with Ackbar. 

Cards I want to add are 

Bantha Droid put him down at Echo Docking Bay, so Lateral Damage is cancelled at Hoth. Can be pulled with Echo Base Garrison. 

First Officer Threeanspi he’s sweet

Rock on This deck is sweet, and underused. I love it. Please check out my other decks 

Peace out, 
-Dennis   '