---
layout: post
author: ! Olivier "Bel Iblis" De Ridder
title: ! "Visage of The Tierfoner"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-25
description: ! 'This deck is the best MKOS around I spend like forever at mainainingthis deck and discussing with other players wich where ther general weaknesses so I could remove them.Don’t Review this deck if your just a big jurk who thinks that by braking o'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

' Starting jizz 
 ---------------
 MKOS/FAI
 Power of The Hutt
 No Bargain
 TINT/OI
 Prepared Defences
 TAT  Dessert Hart
 TAT  JP
 SHOW EPHANT MON AS REP

 Locations [3]
 ------------
 JP  Audience Chamber
 JP  Lower passages
 J sail B  Passenger Deck

 Starships [4]
 -------------
 Bossk in His Teeth
 Dengar in Atritionater
 Ig88 in Real Time Relays
 Zuckus in Predictable Maneuvers

 Action Figures [20]
 -----------------
 Ig88 with gun
 4-Lom with Gun
 Djas Phur
 Mighty Jabba
 Boba with hidden waepons
 Boelo
 Galid
 Ephant Man
 Prins Black Sun
 Dengar with gun
 Mara , with Emperors hands
 Guri
 Snoova
 Bib Fortuna
 Jodo Kast
 Chevin "REPRESENTATIVE’2
 Dr Dre and Ali Baba
 Chall Bekan
 Jabba

 Interrupts [15]
 -------------
 Jabbas Trough with you
 Controll / Set for fun 2
 Evader/Monnok
 Sniper / Dark Strike
 Hidden Waepons
 Twilek Advisor 2
 Oo-Ta Goo-ta , Solo?
 Omni Box / Its Worse
 Non Shall Pass 2
 Projective Telepathy
 Point man
 Jabbas Twerps

 Effects [8]
 ----------
 Resistance
 Search and Destroy
 Secret plans
 First Strike
 Scum and Villany 2
 Hutt Influence
 Reactor Terminal

 Weapons [2]
 -----------
 Maras saber
 Vibro-Ax

 Vihicles [1]
 ------------
 Jabbas Sail Barge  '

Strategy: '

1.Card Choises 
--------------------------


		    *Jabbas Twerps  Hello , why aint anyone putting this in their deck  Its a destiny 6 interrupt that alows you to
		    retrive force ( 5 in my deck , and believe me , those leaders are very fast on table )

		    *Projective Telepathy Anger , Fear , ... is a hard card and is played alot in my region. I dont have a choise + I
		    probably still would keep it if not a lot of players played the effect cause its an unexpected suprise for your
		    opponents who are counting their force very carefully and use all of it and then battle.
		    NASTY TECHNIQUE  If youre sure the dont play sense , go and battle with any character , Retrive 3 , opponent
		    loses 1 and then play Projective Tele  DARN , I dont want to pay the force )

		    *Omni Box / Its Worse  One of the best combos in my oppinion. While all those Scum decks around think That
		    MWYHL and other good retriving decks dont exist anymore , I DONT. This card wrecks on the Edge , test
		    destinies , of the EDGE and GOOD players ( All Good players track ;) and also for those who didnt learn that It
		    Could Be Worse can be a wrecking card , I shall learn them ...

		    *Jabbas Sail Barge / Passenger Deck  You have no idea ( or you have and then you dont have to read this) how
		    much this means to this deck
		    I explain  first turn you fetch this baby with its passanger deck . Your aliens are deploy -1 there , immune to
		    attrition <6 and the passenger deck gives you 2 force extra each turn and If you occupy , your sail barge is
		    TOTALY immune to attrition.

		    *Oo-ta GOO-ta , Solo?  As the Watch your step decks grows incredebly strong , I dont want 3 Kessel Runs in a
		    game and loosing 1 force , cause i know that could wrek me.Its also an interresting card against naburn main
		    decks and can be nasty against Han , Chewbacca or those other groovy smugler dudes.

		     *Evader / Monnok  This card is absolutly nessecary against decks who abuse their hand size or those X-wing
		    swarm and yes , then there are those T-47 theres still good in him decks , and so onAgainst those who play
		    Agents IN THE COURT 
		    when they keep just 12 cards in their hand , set for stun the REP , auch , monnok lost , lose suckerI still now
		    lots of players who play revolution and that way they wont be able to convert my Passenger Deck or Dessert Hart .


		    *Jabbas trough with you  Well , this is the card that will reck a ground deck  a recyceble destiny 5 , allowing
		    one of my 5 Bounty Shooters to ADD one destiny , a minimum of tree in my deck ( see flipped side objective )

		     *MKOS  Why not Court or Set your course?
		    Well , because this deck gives you activation like a champ and gives you an additional +2 battle destiny and
		    allows you to start with JP 
		    Court is great at the begining , but has sometimes activation problems + I flipp to easely with Court and Im not
		    plannig to give up 5 card slots so my rancor can let the obj flipp back
		    Set for course is VERY good , but Your obligated to defend the DEATH STAR , wich isnt always easy and against
		    Watch your step , you only get 1 force from your death star and 1 from the War Room

 2)Setup  SHOW EPHANT MAN
 ---------------------------------------------------
		    First Turn , fetch out audience chamber , jabbas sail barge , Passenger Deck and leave the force opponent gave
		    you.

		    Second turn , you have normally 12 force
		    Deploy Jabba , Boelo , scum or twilek ( you have that in your starthand mostly ) , a good character ( from reserve
		    Chall with the Ephant non unique alien if you have Jabba in your hand), draw some cards.

		    After that , your free to do what you like , either battle hard on ground or space , Try to flip or set up a nice drain
		    with Galid , maras saber and company.(activation of 13 or more with your aliens -1 at least , dont you think there
		    are some options now? )

		    You will see how great your search and destroy will help you as This deck even wreks main and Toys. This deck
		    is mostly ment for a more-than just average player and must be an expert tracker.

		    POINT Man is also a champ card against all those people who either use the BO SHUDA / Order to Engage trick
		    or try to cut of your destinys with Scramble.

3) Now for Some matchups 
 -----------------------------------------

		    vs Watch your steps  Start Secret Plans , Resistance , and Power o/t Hutt , track your anti kessel run , use your
		    starships wise , ABUSE his cantina , get S&D + power of The Hutt going and this game should prove an auto win

		    vs Eloms  Who , What , Where ? Those little suckers are just power 2 , set for stun and monnok trick = killing

		    vs EBO  Start Resistance and Secret + Power o/t Hutt. Get that Search going , youll outdrain then and did I
		    mention that deck is potent to draw a battle destiny in space of 30. No deck holds stand to this.

		    vs MWYHL  start No Bargian , P/O The Hutt and Secret Plans.Use your omni box wise and a monnok lost could
		    hurt a tunnel vision / ot Edge deck too Search and Destroy + quick drains will wrek him and when flipped you still
		    have battle destenies +1 so that shouldnt give you too much troubles.

		    vs  Profit  Next to the Elom deck this is the easyest deck to beat Start oppresive / Secret Plans / Power and
		    instead of JP , lower passages.
		    Pick jabba and chall as start , in your hand you get an NON - unique Efant dude.
		    Deploy Sail barge again and overdeploy his locations , if you drew scum , you can deploy Boelo too.
		    Drain Battle win . You will see who easy it is to flip agaist this deck and you will overload them with nift strategies
		    and great destinys.
		    Never allow your your opponent to get his Han = never face hard drains = Win the game.PS  if they dont play Bo
		    Shuda , use Bib

		    vs Hidden Base , X-swarm  use S&D and monnok.
		    If youre able to get all your starships out at a system , do it and give him a balle destiny of 40 against 10 X-wings(
		    with some tracking , in this deck its possible and not very hard too).
		    They cant cancel your destinies either , using power o/t Hutt , so a easy victory will be ensured again.

		    VS Hidden Mains , use search , no bargain to your advantage , they will use a big amount of force trying to clean
		    your sites , but they wont succeed if you play it well.This is a bit tougher than ordenary school X-swarm but
		    should prove you with a win also.

		    VS  Agents chadras  when your ready to battle , set for stun kabe and give those pittyfull power 1 guys a taste
		    of real power )

		    VS  Rebel Strike Team  They wont be able to hold the activation and its amazing who easely you can clean
		    those ability 2 guys.
		    The deck cant handle the REd and the HUGE destinies. Once that youve taken care with space aka attrtion 30 ,
		    he cant flip anymore , he doesnt have Covert Air Support = Hes dead.
		    Drains of 1 surely wont beat you

		    VS  Theres still good in him 
		    They will be outactivated and thats to your advantage
		    Start oppresive / No Bargain and power .
		    FEtch your Sail barge again.
		    Make those arogent Rebels clear that theyre not welcome on Tatooine and use some fancy tracking to beat the
		    hell out of those EPP suff.
		    If they on their sites only , drain him for 6 every turn. Otherwise , track and be cautionus for nifty interrupts.You
		    can use the Projective Telephaty , cause this obj uses mostly some anger / fear / agression.Play it good and this
		    deck should do just fine.The luke is hard cause he drains for 2 , but he isnt immune to S&D , so use that AND
		    please , never deploy mara unless shes miles away from Luke and you have Oo-ta-goo -ta in your hand , cause 2
		    force each of opponents turns comes on as hard as that S&D and your advantages are all gone.

		    VS  Throne Room Mains
		    ----------------------------------------
		    Same strategie as before except DEPLOY mara now )
		    Youre deck is immune to revolutions and this deck beats in activation.Fight like a champ , use good tracking and
		    win the game.

		    Mail me for questions and addons for my deck to  olivier_odr@yahoo.com
		    Thanx for Reading ,
		    Forgive my spelling ,
		    Olivier De Ridder	'