---
layout: post
author: Chris "CGogolen" Gogolen
title: 'Brangus Glee Lives'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-11-30
description: 'The defensive shield prevents you from abusing the deck, but it is still a solid darkside with a lot of flexibility.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

  Starting(10)
	Fear is my Ally
	Set your course for alderaan
	Death Star
	Alderaan
	DS: Docking Bay
	Start your Engines
	Podrace Arena
	Sebulba&#8217;s Podracer
	Boonta Eve
	There is no try/Oppressive

Characters(16)
	Emperor Palpatine x2
	Brangus Glee x2
	EPP Vader x2
	Maul with saber
	Darth Maul
	Mara Jade
	Keder the Black
	Janus Greejatus
	Prince Xizor
	Dr E /Ponda Baba
	P-59
	Ig-88 with Riot Gun

Effects(6)
	IAO/Secret Plans
	First Strike
	There&#8217;ll be hell to pay
	Blast Door Controls
	No Escape
	Lateral Damage

Ships(4)
	Bossk in Hound&#8217;s Tooth
	Fett in Slave 1
	Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
	Maul&#8217;s Sith Infiltrator

Interrupts(19)
	Force Field
	Force Lightning
	The Circle is Now Complete
	Podracer Collision x3
	Trooper Sabaac
	We must accelerate our plans
       Ghhk/Those Rebels won&#8217;t escape us
	Masterful Move/Endor Occupation
	This is Some Rescue
	Operational as Planned x2
	Control/Set for Stun
	I have you now
	Omni Box/It&#8217;s Worse
	Imperial Barrier
	They&#8217;re still coming through
	Put all sections on alert

Weapons(1)
	Mara Jade&#8217;s Lightsaber

Locations(5)
	Tatooine
	Tatooine: Cantina
	Death Star: War Room
	Death Star: DB x2

Shields:
	Do they have a code clearance
	You&#8217;ve never won a race
	Allegations of corruption
	A useless gesture
	Battle order
	Fanfare
	Leave them to me
	We&#8217;ll let fate decide this
	Come here you big coward
	You Cannot hide forever


Strategy: 

The shield ain’t that great.  It kills the Combo, which was good, but I was never fond of it anyway.  So you take out that crap, you take out a Put all sections or 2 since you can’t loop docking bays(unless they don’t play the shield) and that makes some room for some offensive cards.
Now the deck can do some real damage.  It gets good force activation, has a few spots to drain, and plenty of characters to do that all important battle damage.
Why play Brangus and the Docking bays, why not just put in a couple other cards?  Which cards to put in.  The two docking bays can become any other card in your lost pile any time you want it.  You can turn an Epp Vader or EPP Maul into 3 EPP Vaders or 3 EPP Mauls.  You know how many guys you can kill with 3 Mauls, a lot.  First Strike makes these suicide runs even more profitable.  Win the race and retrieve your characters back for another round.  The same EPP Maul can go battle 5 or 6 times in this deck-that’s why I play Brangus.

Most Matchups are the same with this deck.  If they are mostly ground, use Vader and Maul to kill everyone.  Win the race, do some battle damage, and drain in the cantina or on their sites.  If they are playing a space deck, then win the race, get in the cantina with Emperor and Janus, use Mara and Stick to drain at Podrace arena.  Use the Tat Maul in space where they have low ability to block a drain(or probe against hidden base).  Use Bossk, Zuckuss, Fett for some battles and loop them back into hand with Brangus.  Throw forfeit fodder for your battle and if they battle back you can retrieve a ship and redeploy it next turn.  That should take care of a few of their systems and give you plenty of time to get way ahead in life force.

WYS is 50/50-EPP Maul will improve those odds though.

Lightsaber combat is tricky-get blast door controls out to cancel barrier and then go after Qui-gon.

QMC-Grab Path, they will most likely use it to move away from a beating.  Use Vader first, make them path, grab it.  Next time, use Maul(or mara or ig if you need to) and do some damage.  stay away from bespin until late game-legendary starfighter hurts.  Hold Tatooine to get around battle plan-clean off their sites to prevent celebration and make them pay to drain in space.

RST is a fun game to play against.  The race is 50/50.  after that you gotta prevent the bunker from getting blown up.  Brangus needs a hand to work with. 