---
layout: post
author: ! Alan "Serpent" Sagan
title: ! 'Why are you playing that Jank card???'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-18
description: ! 'This WYS deck has lost one game in 3-4 tourneys.  Nuff said.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7)
Watch Your Step
Tatooine
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Docking Bay
Heading for the Medical
Insurrection
Squadron Assignments

Locations (3)
Home 1 Docking
Hoth Docking
Cloud City Docking
Kessel

Characters (18)
Jedi Luke x2
Master Luke
Dash Rendar x2
Captain Han x2
Mirax x2
Chewbacca Protector x2
Talon Karrde
Melas
Wedge Antilles
Lando with Gun
Palace Raider x3

Starships/Vehicles (7)
Millenium Falcon x2
Outrider x2
Patrol Craft x3

Weapons (2)
Luke’s Stick x2

Admiral’s Order (2)
I’ll Take the Leader x2

Effects (3)
Order to Engage
Menace Fades
Battle Plan

Interrupts (18)
Out of Commission & Trans Term
Control & Tunnel Vision x2
A Few Maneuvers x2
Run, Luke Run x2
Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach
Fallen Portal x2
Rebel Barrier x2
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes & Out of Somewhere
Houjix & Out of Nowhere
Off the Edge x2
On the Edge x2 '

Strategy: '

For all the doubters out there, this deck has won me 4 of my last five tournaments.  so Nyah  I hate playing a deck in more than 3 (even that’s pushing it) but i just COULDN’T come up with anything else.

Oh man Ganner, just when i thought all the dumb reviews were in...  You say Master Luke bites, and cite court to be my biggest problem.  MLuke MAULS Court, espescially Dr E.  and WHY would i ever go against Vader, tarkin, Mara, and dr e?  That’s dumb.  id avoid, out drain, and retrieve.  if they did fight me, lets see...  if they had all that stuff, we can assume I can have whatever i want.  Jedi luke + stick, patrol craft with palace raider, Chewie protector, and talon karrde.  I fallen portal tarkin, so they cancel that destiny.  Oops, there goes the cancel.  I cancel dr e?s text with chewie.  All my guys are hard to hit, so lets assume they smack one.  I hit vader (for sure).  my 3 destinies clear the site, i lose two guys.  Oh well.  I can handle that.

For those who say I underestimate huntdown, it’s because ive been playing huntdown since special edition came, cept for a breif 4 month stint with ROPS, and a break while honor was out.  from seeing the decks posted on decktech, and how most people talk about huntdown, very very FEW players can play it right.  Huntdown is a deck, much like Throne room, that really shows the skill of the player.  It also shows the skill of the opposing player, and there experience with such a deck.  Trust me, I can beat huntdown.  And high destinies?  oh good i forfiet one of my guys, maybe two.  they’ll come back later.  And if they start getting the big nasty track on me, where they pull like 3 6’s on mine AND there turns, it’s time to track and mirax my bith shuffle... which isn’t hard to do.

Corran Horn?  A little expensive for not much purpose...
Also, notice i mention below the 3rd effect.  man, some people are just blind or stupid.  Of COURSE id grab a 3rd one, even if I dont explicitly mention it.  Which I do.
Anyone who says ’you need more space’  really HASNT played against a good WYS player.  lets see... 3 destinies, one should ALWAYS be a 6 (track track track), often two.  there power is minus 6-9.  I?ll take the leader.  Cancel and make em redraw destinies with Han (if its there last one, they get NADA).  HUGE immunity, HUGE fofiet.  Retrieval to get what you need back, extra Hans/Dash if they do happen to bust you.
Hey droid pimp, I DO have Order to Engage.

Man, some people just go ?Trample is the god card, Imperial Command all the way? and don?t bother to read the strat (imperial command) or think (trample).  If i see tramples coming, I?ll hide in the cantina.  and how many decks play enough trample to kill EVERYONE?  Or i?d hide in a patrol craft, so now i?ll have a raider and smuggler in the craft, and luke outside.  3 destinies still.  Or how about if i get Talon?  if lots of trample decks start showing up, you better believe i?ll play two, and trample decks aren?t very high destiny usually.  So now all my guys need 5-6 to be trampled.  If they bring in ways to kill the craft, such as Dengar + gun, Fallen Portal.  Then i?ll forfiet one guy, you can forfiet 2-4, maybe some walkers too, and i?ll retrieve.  
I CAN?T believe I had to write that out...

Maybe ISB is the answer to WYS, but i havent seen it yet.  I think Endor Ops is a better answer, since you can sit in the bunker with no worries (no spies generally).  But since i SUCK at Endor Ops, who am I to talk?
When an ISB comes around that can kick my a$$, then your right.  And Ill stop playing WYS ) 

OOPS take out a patrol craft, and the location count should be 4 (stupid me).  that makes 60.

Sorry about the question marks, stupid decktech replaces all my apostrophes with those dumb things.  Ill try to fix it...

STRAT

Credit goes to Kevin for the word Jank.  Thats the stuff dude P  It?s pronounced with the *a* long, btw.
Say the *a* long, it?s the same as Jonk froggy )

Starting  Also pull Battle Plan or Menace Fades, depending on your preference and the deck your playing against.  Both are anti-drain strategys, so it kinda depends.

First turn involves Picking up, duh.  Gotta stock your hand.  Also grab kessel into hand, and drop a docking bay.

Next turn, Drop another docking bay, Dash or Han to kessel, sometimes both.  3rd turn you better have both of them there, and maybe another pilot too, depending on how scared you are.  Ill Take the Leader just makes your fleet even scarier.

Now its easy... youve got a lock on Kessel, just fortify the Cantina or a docking bay.  Palace Raiders + Fallen Portal wreck anyone who tries to fight you at a Docking bay, and Jedi Luke plus some smuggler back up will wreck people in the cantina (usually).  

Drain them, have there modifiers canceled, track your bazillion sixes to On the edge Luke or Han, and Off the Edge when you need to (easier to do than On the Edge).  Game Over.

Well, now that thats over with... )

Card Choices
No Staging Areas?  I found I rarely needed that damn +2 activation, and it just invites getting greedy and going for it when you dont need it.  Waste of a card.

Why Insurrection then?  well, that gives me a total of 3 more icons... I need those )  kinda contradicts what i just said, but staging areas just ends up being overkill.   Plus, it gives me places to run (worst case scenario), a place for cheap luke, and a place to abuse lando and off the edge.

Master Luke?  The ultimate Alien Wrecker.  Will make the opponenent sit up and beg for mommy.  Nuff said.

No Pulsar Skate?  Well, it WAS in here...  but alls its used for is to keep menace fades going while causing Order to Engage damage.  it was a hard choice to take out, and definately worth it, but it didn?t make the final cut.

No Punch It?  Like its needed.  I have tone of immunity already, tons of destiny, and no one in there right mind will fight my fleet UNLESS they got Guri or imp command.  I found it surprising just how robust my fleet ends up being, even when they play imp command every turn....  but the extra forfiet, almost all my guys are pilots, the power subtraction, and then retrieving some lets me stand up to even that jank.

Run Luke Run?  Lets me jump the opponenet when hes sitting next to luke.  Drop two smugglers, fight, Run Luke Run.  From lost pile too.  Or saves some smugglers about to get there teeth kicked in, if you screwed up.  Plus, Getting luke dueled BITES.  Dueling huntdown really likes to duel luke and ben, so since they CANT duel ben, and if your carefull, CANT duel luke, there goes the objective flipping and 15 cards of damage potential.  

Off the Edge?  Having only one card to do my retrieving Bites.  Really.  Having it grabbed sucks, and since on the edge works on ONLY han and luke...  that can cause some problems.  So i put in the cloud city docking bay, a good place anyways for lando, and it gives me another drain site.   Plus, if im not positive on my tracking, or just dont know for some reason or other, its relatively risk free.  

Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach?  Imperial Barrier bites when i want to smack em down.  Happens enough.  Plus, the shuffle part is nice too.  Watching smugglers/luke be choked, dark striked, trampled, snipered, whatever cause of tracked destiny, or watching them pull 10+ destiny on you, SUCKS.  If your playing a heavy tracking deck (huntdown, bhbm) just play this every turn, and mirax it back.  

A few Manuevers?  Super easy trackable 6.  Plus, having Ties shoot your ships Sucks.  So none of that jank.

2 Chewbacca Protectors?  This guy is so damn good.  Cancels igars text, 4-loms text, ephant mons text, jabbas text, etc. etc. etc.  Plus his high power, and TONS of forfiet with insurrection.  10 forfiet anyone?  and in a pinch, hes decent in space.

No Kessel Run?  Having to move somewhere to do retrieval really REALLY sucks, and often poses the question of either retrieving, or doing what needs to be done.  I avoid it completely (well, not quite, with the off the edges, but it?s not as extreme).

The main question with any WYS deck is how well it does vs a Guri heavy and Imperial Command heavy deck.  Well, even I was suprised how much of a fight this can put up in space.  Alex was doing the Chimaera/Thrawn bit with the admirals order for extra immunity and using Janus to track imperial commands every turn.  I used Mirax to track my admirals orders, busted his immunity with tracked 6s, lowered his power so he was losing in power every battle anyways, and just kept throwing down some junk smugglers for forfiet.  Combined with some retrieval, your set in space.  And Guri is just hack bait for luke.  Or Fallen Portal.  or whatever.

If they play Something Special Planned for Them, Chuck your retrieval cards as soon as you get em.  No matter how you play them, theyre out of play, so by chucking them you effectivley get one more force out of them.

Watch out for Lateral Damage.  thatll cause a turn of hurt, but you should have the forfiet to live through pretty easy.  If your really scared of it, add in a bantha droid or two.

Deck Match Ups

HuntDown
I used to think Huntdown was one of the best anti WYS decks.  Problem is, Huntdown cant handle WYSs space.  a drain of 3 from turn 2 for the WHOLE GAME sucks.  for them.  No luke dueling either, and your high destinies will kill off whoever you need left and right.   Retrieval puts you over the edge.  Watch out for character elimination, like evazan, choking, dark strike.  Also, make SURE you have a run luke run ready for luke once it hits mid game... either one in lost pile or in hand.  If you think they can duel, avoid using up your lost pile play if thats where your RLR is.

Carbon Chamber Testing
This could suck.  havent played it yet, its currently not a played decktype.  Could be one of the answers for WYS though.. losing han bites.

ISB
Dont make me laugh.  They dont have the space to fight you, although the scum version can try.  Menace Fades will wreck them.

 Court
No bargain and None Shall Pass are near useless vs you, and Master Luke (if he comes out) wrecks everything else.  They dont have the forfiet to stand up to you, espescially when you got some palace raider action going.  And as usual, they cant contend with your space drain and retrieval.

My Kind of Scum
See Court, espescially with the space part.  A little harder though, due to the higher possibility of Den of Theives, plus them canceling your destiny.  You have the forfiet to get by there +2 destiny jank.

Endor Ops 
Control will help deal with the few big drains they do get through.  I find these decks usually pick up too much, then can?t activate enough to do what they need to do.  

BHBM
Losing luke bites.  Use him when you can, then make them lose force for there objective.  Usually, They cant contend with your space (sound familiar?), and Kessel REALLY adds up.  The basic strat that works everywhere else applies here to.
Losing that much force every turn combined with losing 2-3 guys per battle really hurts.

So now that this deck has been posted, here are my final parting words.  Counter Assualt SUCKS, a normal Vaders Obsession when im missing RLR SUCKS (3 sevens anyone?).  If not for those RARELY played cards/plays, one of them counterable, and the other easy to overcome if your carefull, this deck would be undefeated in tournaments (lost one in friendly play).
Damn you Ryan

'