---
layout: post
author: ! Nathan "Xavier Six" Cardamone
title: ! "Cloud City"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-11-06
description: ! "whatev"
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Pre-Starting 1 (10)

Fear Is My Ally
·	A Useless Gesture
·	Allegations of Corruption
·	Battle Order
·	Come Here You Big Coward
·	Crossfire
·	Do They Have Code Clearance
·	Fanfare
·	You&#8217;ve Never Won A Race
·	Wipe Them Out, All Of Them
·	No Escape

Starting 7

This Deal Is Getting Worse All The Time/Pray I Dont Alter It Any Further
Cloud City Upper Walkway
Imperial Arrest Order/Secret Plans
Prepared Defenses
I&#8217;m Sorry
They Must Never Again Leave This City
You Cannot Hide Forever/Staging Areas

Locations 6

Bespin
Bespin Cloud City
Cloud City Incinerator
Cloud City  West Gallery
Cloud City East Platform
Blockade Flagship Bridge

Characters 17

Destroyer Droids x 12
P-60
P-59
EV-9D9
Nute Gunray x 2


Ships 10

Executor
OS-72-1 In Obsidian 1 
OS-72-2 In Obsidian 2
Tie Interceptor x 7

Weapons 2

SFS L-s9.3 Laser Cannon x2

Effects 7

Early Warning Network
Den of Thieves
Where Are Those Droidekas
Dreaded Imperial Starfleet
Dark Deal
Cloud City Occupation
Do, Or Do Not/Wise Advise

Interrupt 10

Rolling, Rolling, Rolling x3
All Power To Weapons x2
Abyssian Ornament
Short Range Fighters
We Must Accelerate Our Plans x3
'

Strategy: '

Forgive any tags as this is my third attempt to post

First Turn

Pull Bespin, Docking Bay, West Gallery, Incinerator, and the Executor. Drop YCHF/SA for Early Warning Network. Deploy locations, Executor to Bespin, Early Warning Network to the Incinerator(only if you have an interceptor in hand), and any effects you drew. Deploy all three Denfensive Shields now. (See list for matchups) Also use We Must Accelerate Our Plans if you drew it to get out the BF Bridge. Draw up all remaining force. If force drained be sure to lose droids so you can retrieve them on your turn.

Second Turn

Retrieve any droids. Pull Cloud City. Deploy only enough to hold the Incinerator and Bespin (remember to hold 1 Tie in reserve). Deploy any Effects. Draw up. Eat any drains.

Game

You should be well on your way to flipping and hopefully Nute should make an appearance on the bridge soon making your destinies really strong.
EV-9D9 will turn the Incinerator into a real pain once you flip, with 2 destroyer droids and EV their you force drain for 5. When attempting the flip lightly deploy to Bespin Cloud City, flip, then immediatly move all forces to Bespin. You really shouldn’t have trouble in battles at all and you can out drain most decks. Get out DODN/WA fast as SAC is becoming stronger these days.

Every game, play like above. Your Strategy Should Always Be Dominate So Don’t Be Distracted By Theirs. You may want to remove a tie for Sebulba’s Podracer if Podracing is big near you. Your Shields are a real help for this deck.  

Shields

Dagobah Come Here You Big Coward, Allegations Of Corruption, Do They Have Code Clearance

WYS Useless Gesture, Wipe Them Out, All Of Them, Do They Have Code Clearance

Profit Do They Have Code Clearance,  Fanfare, Allegations Of Corruption

Hidden Base Wipe Them Out, All Of Them , Crossfire, Allegations Of Corruption

Their Is Good In Him Battle Order, Come Here You Big Coward, Allegations of Corruption

RST Allegations of Corruption, Do They Have Code Clearance, Battle Order

Rescue The Princess Fanfare, Do They Have Code Clearance, Come Here You Big Coward

MBO Fanfare, Do They Have Code Clearance, Allegations of Corruption

EBO Do They Have Code Clearance, Allegations Of Corruption, Come Here You Big Coward

DBO/Operatives No Escape, Wipe Them Out, All Of Them, Allegations of Corruption

Any Racing You Never Won A Race.
'