---
layout: post
author: ! Dennis "Denethor" Jeffris
title: ! "TIGIH Speeder Bike Patrol"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-29
description: ! 'Heres an original TIGIH deck with scout swarms and utilizes speeder bikes.  Thanks for reviewing.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (10)
There Is Good In Him/I Can Save Him
Endor Landing Platform
Endor Chief Chirpa’s Hut
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Luke’s Lightsaber
I Feel The Conflict
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Strike Planning
Staging Areas
Insurrection

Locations (5)
Endor Dense Forest
Endor Rebel Landing Site
Endor Back Door
Endor Hidden Forest Trail
Home One Docking Bay

Characters (23)
General Crix Madine
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Yoxgit
Corran Horn
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Corporal Delevar
Corporal Kensaric
Corporal Beezer
Corporal Janse
Corporal Midge
Sergeant Junkin
Major Panno
Lieutenant Page
General Solo
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk
Captain Yutani
Cal Alder
Orimaarko
Lieutenant Blount
Colonel Cracken
Wuta
Wicket

Starships (2)
A-Wing
Y-Wing

Vehicles (3)
Speeder Bike x3

Devices (5)
Portable Scanner
Electrobinoculars
Mercenary Armor
Landing Claw x2

Weapons (1)
Disruptor Pistol

Interrupts (10)
Get Alongside That One
Take The Initiative
Out Of Commission & Transmission Terminated
Shocking Information & Grimtaash
Control & Tunnel Vision x2
Insertion Planning x4

Effects (1)
Honor Of The Jedi '

Strategy: '

This is close to being a normal TIGIH scout swarm deck, but this is much more effective.  Please read

This deck plays pretty much like a normal TIGIH scout swarm deck, with the exception of a few things.

Speeder Bikes - awesome on Endor.  Can react to any battle on Endor other than battles at Chirpa’s Hut, where there usually isn’t any battles.  Excellent way to win battles.  If opponent is playing sense, don’t worry, he can only cancel 1 react.  Most decks don’t play SAC anymore though.  Plus, Cracken and Blount can pilot them.  A cool annoyance strategy is to put one with LSJK, and when he battles elsewhere with an imperial, react to him and make him lose 2 force until he deploys Vader  He also can’t deploy Vader that turn, so he has to eat the 2 force that turn.  Cheezy and effective.

Get Alongside That One - adds a battle destiny with a speeder bike, even after you react with it.

Wicket - is Guri/IG-88/4-LOM giving you trouble?  Deploy this little guy and exclude them from battle (targets ability)

Electrobinoculars - I suck at tracking, so this helps a lot.

Landing Claws w/ ships - obviously, stop drains from Bossk In Hound’s, Chimaera, etc.  I prefer A-Wing and Y-Wing to the Leaders in Ships because of 2 reasons  higher destiny, and lower deploy.

Yoxgit - if opponent wants to cancel your landing claw, just get it right back again.  or merc armor, portable scanner, electro, disruptor pistol...

Disruptor Pistol - get rid of a character so he can’t draw destiny  or use a cool ability.  It’s really fun when you have it on Midge or Janse, and you use Electro to set up a 6, then shoot Vader and make him immediately lost

Cal Alder - Your vehicles move free when moving to this guy.  Free reacts with your speeder bikes  Also, he’s a scout that can be pulled with Crix.

Wedge and Corran together = they die

Some cards I want to add are

Luke, Rebel Scout - for BHBM, of course.  Or Endor Ops, where they have lots of vehicles.

Lieutenant Greeve - too bad I don’t have him.  He’s a scout that adds to weapon destiny, and is power 3.

Don’t Underestimate Our Chances - they battle you, you play this, you react with bikes, you have say... 8 more power than them, that equals 8 battle damage times 3, so that’s 24 battle damage.

Any suggestions are greatly appreciated.  This is going to be my permanent deck now, instead of changing it every day.  )

With these gimics, you will win a lot of battle.  Exclude them, make them lost, add destinies, reacts... rock on.  '