---
layout: post
author: Spencer "s_ skywalker" Ball
title: 'WYS with Huge Retieval!!!'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-03
description: 'This is my first submition of my newly made WYS deck! It has massive force retrieval!!Using Smugglers on tatooine it is a force to be recogned with since i get to draw 2 battle detiny in every battle at least!2 Kessel Runs to keep the objective flip'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting Stuff:

Tatooine
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94
Tatooine: Cantina
--Heading for the Medical Frigate-
Insurrection
Squadron Assignments
Staging Areas


Locations:

Kessel
Ralltiir
<> Spaceport Docking Bay
Tatooine: Lars’ Moisture Farm


Characters:

Jedi Luke
EPP Luke
Luke Skywalker
Captain Han Solo x2
Dash Rendar
Wedge Antilles
Chewbacca, Protector
Chewie w/ Blaster Rifle
Lando w/ Blaster Pistol
Leebo
Theron Nett
Owen Lars & Beru Lars
Melas
Ralltiir Freighter Captain x2
Mirax Terrik
Talon Karde


Starships:

Millenium Falcon
Outrider
Artoo in Red 5
Pulsar Skate
Red Squadron 1
Red 10


Weapons:

Luke’s Lightsaber


Admiral’s Orders:

No Questions Asked


Effects:

Kessel Run x2
Legendary Starfighter 
Tatooine: Celebration
Bacta Tank
Strikeforce
Battle Plan
Menace Fades
Traffic Control
What’re You Trying To Push On Us?


Interrupts:

Harvest
Darklighter Spin
Control x2
It Could Be Worse
Fallen Portal
The Force Is Strong With This One
A Few Maneuvers x2
Out of Commision & Transmission Terminated
The Signal
Houjix


Strategy: 

Okay, you start with Squadron Assignments, Insurrection, & Staging Areas.
First deploy <>spaceport docking bay to Tatooine from your reserve deck using insurrection. Put any smugglers you got in your opening hand down on a docking bay preferably (except for han and dash). Whenever you get han, dash, falcon, or outrider search for the matching and deploy it. The key is to own tatooine and the 4 sites on tatooine. All the smugglers have 2 abiltiy or higher so just put 2 down at each site so you draw 2 battle destiny everywhere on tatooine. Use luke wherever he is needed. Use jedi luke or epp luke on ground if needed. If your opponent is playing heavy space and you need some reinforcements use farmboy luke on r2 in red 5. you will have 8 maneuver on red 5 so a darklighter spin will be killer. And using the objective you can even play it from your lost pile (then its placed out of play). Once you got all this set up, get tatooine celebration down. Draw for ralltiir and kessel and start making kessel runs with the falcon or the outrider with a ralltiir freighter captain on board to retrieve 10 force. With leebo down they loose 1 every turn. With legendary there is another 2. fallen portal tarkin at the docking bay. Control any force drains that get though battle plan, and menace fades. You can play control and then play it from your lost pile, so its like you have 4 controls. This also applies for the rest of the lost interrupts in the deck, its like you have double the actual amount which is in the deck. If your opponent tries to shutdown your force drain at kessel or tatooine or both then play down strikeforce and he cant modify them. You can play harvest while owen and beru are at the farm and retrieve 4 force then next turn play it from your lost pile for a retrieval of 8. try to have 2 kessel runs completed so the opponent cannot re-flip your card. No questions asked allows you to follow people trying to move away from a beatdown or for you to add an extra charcter before a battle during your control phase. Or why not fire a blaster at someone with chewie or lando using No questions asked. 

Tech explanations:

Firstly, what I think is very cool is my damage absorber. Has anyone ever noticed what wedge’s forfeit is using insurrection and the flip side of WYS. It’s a 10!!! And he’s only 2 to deploy talk about "bacta man". I get out the bacta tank and deploy wedge wherever I need to soak up some attrition or battle damage. That’s some sweet tech!

The a Few Maneuvers may seem dumb, but its gametext isn’t the purpose in my deck. Do you relize how easy it is to track 6 destiny’s using this card!!! Drawing 2 sixes practically every battle is awesome and it can easily win you the game.

This deck has huge RETRIEVAL as well as activation. Also it has some good force loss potential for your opponent.

Thanks for reading! If you could offer me any changes/suggestions to be made to this deck that would be great thanx!!
