---
layout: post
author: ! Carl "Rei" Gravel
title: ! "Bring Him Before Me  Biker style"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-03
description: ! 'a BHBM deck using speeder bike/docking bay for mobility and lot of anti-luke cards to easily deplete your opponent life force and thus battling force.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'STARTING (8)
Bring Him Before Me / TYFP
Your Destiny
Insignifiant Rebellion
DSII Throne Room
Prepared Defense
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilisation Points
Biker Scout Gear


CHARACTERS (18)
Lord Vader (2)
Darth Vader with Lightsaber
Emperor Palpatine
Sim Aloo
Janus Greetajus
Sergeant Barich
Sergeant Elesk
Corporal Avarik
Corporal Misik
Biker Scout (6)
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Boba Fett with Blaster Riffle

STARSHIPS (4)
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Dengar in Punishing One
Boskk in Hound’s Tooth
IG-88 in IG-2000

Vehicles (6)
Speeder Bike (6)

WEAPONS (6)
Vader’s Lightsaber
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
Scout Blaster (4)

INTERRUPTS (7)
Sniper & Dark Strike (2)
High Speed Tactics (2)
Elis Helrot
Rise My Friend (2)


EFFECTS (6)
I am your Father
Imperial Academy Training
Search and Destroy
The Emperor’s prize
All too easy
Emperor’s Power

LOCATIONS (4)
DSII Docking Bay
Tatoiine Docking Bay
Cloud City Docking Bay
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber '

Strategy: '

Cards explanation

I am your father  destiny 6 and if the other guy pull out a luke with stick or a master luke... and your LV
grabs him, the LS is just about done for... you win against luke ONCE he lose 3 force, luke power = 0, therefore
he cannot win any duel afterward (and you can’t deplete the lifeforce, but who care if you know you can’t stack
enought card anyway), so he’ll lose 5 forces per turn just with that.

Emperor’s Prize / All too easy / sniper & Dark strike / Carbonite Chamber well if you have those, 
just before going back to DSII TR, make a lil stop to CCCC and freeze luke with sniper/all too easy.
can be devastating ^.^

most of the rest is biker stuff... lot of surprises that can caught your opponent off hand and make you
win little battles easy to stack cards.

Comments

I know I should have more vaders, but I think 3 is enought, anyway you can search your reserve deck every turn,
janus can download the top card, so just a lil tracking is needed to get a vader.

heh, I would have liked to include a  Vader Obsession, Imperial Decree (against EBO) and a Secret plans
but no more room, maybe if I find something better and as fast as speeder bike, I’ll add them... but I think that Biker Scouts on DBs are total mobility and can retaliate about much decks such as (I never played against a Hidden base deck so I can’t realy say I can do something about it.)

EBO go spread fast and occupy these 5 hoth site, it’s easy with a landspeed of 5, it takes a minimum of 2 turns and the whole hoth ground is covered.

WYS it’s easy the tatoiine DB is already out, just go beat those smugglers on tatoiine but beware of Chewie Protector, Fallen Portal and such, use your guns to snipe out these low DV smugglers.

Profit same thing here, just cover tatoiine grounds, having barich, misik, high speed tactics and such can wreak your opponent havock...just fear lando with vibro ax.

Mind What you have learned you could as well shuttle down your bikers on dagobah with bossk in bus while Vader and the other guys look for luke elsewhere. '