---
layout: post
author: ! Stephen "Texan" Beckham
title: ! "Ultimate Control  Ultimate Defeat"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-09
description: ! "This is the new updated Carbon Chamber Testing Deck.  Uses PotH and PotF (that looks funny) to force drain and beat down with authority."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (9) 
Carbon Chamber Testing/My Favorite Decoration 
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber 
Cloud City Security Tower 
Jabba&#8217;s Prize 
Carbonite Chamber Console 
Prepared Defenses
Imperial Arrest Order
Power of the Hutt 
Mobilization Points

Locations (6) 
Rendilli
Spaceport City Docking Bay
Cloud City East Platform (Docking Bay) 
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Jabba&#8217;s Palace Audience Chamber
Executor Docking Bay

Characters (19) 
Dr. Evazan x2
Mighty Jabba
SE Jabba 
Ephant Mon 
Boelo
Mara Jade, The Emperors Hand x2
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle 
IG-88 With Riot Gun 
Snoova 
Boba Fett with Blaster Rifle
Djas Puhr 
Dengar With Blaster Carbine 
Jodo Cast
Prince Xizor 
Guri 
Miiyoom Onith x2 

Starships (3) 
Bossk In Hound&#8217;s Tooth 
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 
Virago

Interrupts (11)
Imperial Barrier x2 
Sniper/Dark Strife x2
Twilek Advisor x2
Omni Box/It&#8217;s Worse x2
Jabba is through with You x2
All too Easy

Effects (10) 
Search & Destroy 
Resistence
Something Special Planned For Them 
Presence Of The Force x2 
There Is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement 
Disarmed
Scum & Villainy x2
There&#8217;ll Be Hell To Pay

Weapons (2) 
Mara Jade&#8217;s Lightsaber 
Vibro-Ax 
'

Strategy: '

Next Cards to Add in 
Hidden Weapons
Bubo

Carbon Chamber Testing is now a viable objective some feel to compete with in a tournament.  I really like this feel of this deck since it is quick and pretty powerful.  The one thing that is offers that many scum decks miss out on is higher destiny.  Granted the sixes and sevens are not everywhere, if you can track you will get the fives that will work well for you.
Basically you want to get Han to the Chamber immediately.  Once there you can pull Mighty Jabba to join the gang he gets with Power of the Hutt.  With Jabba, Ephant and Boelo you already have two destinies and a cancellation.  With a few others like Boba and 4-Lom you have even more mad destinies holding Han in the chamber.  Once you have the chamber established, I would move on to the Carbonite Chamber.  You want to park Mara Jade there with her Lightsaber and a couple others for forfeit preparation.  The lightside is going to know you are holding All too Easy at this point and they will possibly leave her alone.  If they do, drop a Presence of the Force down to add to the drains.  They cannot deny her now and they will go there instead of getting Han back most of the time.  This works out perfect because then you can freeze any main coming to stop the drain.  Put your other Presence on the Chamber and you are set to drain the rest of the game.
You have a huge character assortment in this deck.  I did not double up too many and those I did, I felt were integral to winning.  Onith will be really sweet in this deck.  With the mad docking bay tech available you will have enough force for her early too.  You have already taken Han away from them so now you can rid them of everyone but Leia and Tawss (for the most part)  She wins more games then people know or want to admit.
The interrupts are mostly battle interrupts to rid you of unnecessary characters.  Barrier them, sniper them and freeze whoever is left.  Your effects are pretty much anti effects.  Everyone knows what these do and when to use them so I will not explain it again.
For space your fleet is real small.  The basic reason for space is Battle Plan or if you are playing all ground.  A small drain does not hurt you.  Play them reactively if you are playing a heavy space deck.

Matchups
VS EBO
Drain them on the ground.  Use your Resistance to slow down damage taken and play PotF and Search and Destroy to up your damage potential.  You have taken away the super falcon or TK-422 so you will not see them.  Sniper Boush and whoever else comes at you to stop drains.  Drain fast and they will not be able to get you.  If they play scrubs, try to maybe even go after them on hoth.
VS Mains (TRM, Hidden Mains)
Make them come to you.  They will have to in order to slow your drain areas down.  Play reactive and do not show them too much to soon.  They lost Han with Blaster which is real cool.  Watch your for Chewie howerve.  I want a second 4-Lom in mostly to combat him.  If you have to set up real strong in one area and pick them apart.  SSPFT will really hurt the retrieve engines they set up too.
VS MWYHL
Drain hard and drain fast.  Set up search and destroy.  They are taking a hit since they cannot use the super falcon.  Try and get Luke to come to the Carbonite area to freeze him.  That would be even extra sweet if that happens.  They will be forced to hit you either there or in the Audience Chamber, and both of them should be well protected.
VS Endor
If it is TIGIH do not let Luke get to Mara.  That would be bad since you would lose a lot of force.  Most of these decks will let you do your thing while they do theirs.  Go get them.  Dengar with gun will be huge since he can pluck most of them off real easily.  Scouts are bad in that area.  Do not let them flip or they have ability to out drain you.
VS Profit or Agents
Profit will be hurting.  They do not have the Han there to easily free if you get Han to Jabba First.  I would make sure Jabbas crew is set up fast to ensure they do not get past you easily.  Drain them on cloud city and in the chamber to try and get them to lose force off the top.  Barrier the rescue crew and beat down on them.  Play reactive mid game in this matchup.  Agents should be dumb since you can sniper the leader and beat up on Eloms or Fans once their leader is gone.  Plus Bo Shuda would be funny since they could not rescue Han.
'