---
layout: post
author: ! Gordon "Tallus" Marx
title: ! "My Johnson is 12 Inches Long"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-09
description: ! 'My take on Steves crazy-ass blow-up deck, featuring the mad tech of Theron F.uck the Po-lice Nett.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Massassi Base Operations/Why have one in a billion when you can have...One In A Million? evil pinky smirk

Epic Events (1)
Attack Run

Starships (6)
Artoo-Detoo In Red 5
Green Squadron 3
Red 10
Red 7
Red 8
Red Squadron 1

Characters (14)
Boushh
Bren Quersey
Corporal Delevar
Elyhek Rue
General Crix Madine
General Dodonna
Luke Skywalker
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x2
Theron Nett
TK-422
Tycho Celchu
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader  x2

Weapons (3)
Enhanced Proton Torpedoes
Proton Torpedoes
X-wing Laser Cannon

Effects (8)
Honor Of The Jedi
I’ll Take The Leader - Admiral’s Order  x2
Insurrection (s)
Order To Engage
Squadron Assignments (s)
Strike Planning (s)
Wise Advice

Interrupts (15)
A Few Maneuvers
Advance Preparation
Fall Of The Legend
Fly Casual
Grimtaash
Heading For The Medical Frigate
It Could Be Worse
Organized Attack  x2
Out Of Nowhere	x2
Throw Me Another Charge
Transmission Terminated  x3

Locations
Death Star
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Death Star Trench
Ord Mantell
Raithal
Ralltiir
Yavin 4
Yavin 4 Briefing Room
Yavin 4 Docking Bay
Yavin 4 Massassi Headquarters
Yavin 4 Massassi Ruins
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room
'

Strategy: '

Here it is - the MBO deck that looks like @#$%, but wrecks people who dont know what theyre up against. I just realized that there should be 2 Red Squad 1s in this deck. Pull the Fall of the Legend for it.

Early Game
Pull Crix and Dodonna. Pull all your Y4 sites. Put Crix at one site, Dodonna at one site, and Delevar at one site. Flip. Fold them together to avoid beats.

Post-flip
Get ready to blow s.hit up. The best way is to use Luke in R2iR5, but in a pinch Wedge will do. Blow up the D*. Make them lose a lot of force.

Post-blowup
Drain like crazy.

Matchups
SYCFA - Auto-win, especially if they try to flip. Dont convert the D*DB, but do convert the D*.

BHBM - They basically get ground, you get space. You drain for a lot. They dont. Use your suicide Obis to keep them off the sites for Decree. Dont be dumb and put him with Vader, though.

HD - Tough game. Dont drop Obi. Vader will probably take over the D*DB. This doesnt matter. After you flip, you dont need your ground guys, and theyre not going to get beaten down with their huge forfeits. You get huge drains.

Big Blue - Giggle. Get your AO out and force them to track 6s and 7s to kill your ships, unless you happen to have OA. Youve got Beast Wedge, youve got a destiny adder that just happens to be a used 5, youve got +3 power in system battles, your Red mooks add destinies to power.

Strengths of this deck
Youve got great drains, and a shi.tload of high cycling destinies that do great things. You cant be touched in space most of the time. Plus, blowing up the Death Star gives them a whole fuc.kload of direct damage, which is never a bad thing.

Weaknesses
Well, Decree can kinda hurt, but the thing is, with Honor down, theyre not draining on Yavin except at the DB, so youre not sweating it.  '