---
layout: post
author: ! Dunya "Hardpack" Ertan
title: ! "Ebo real twist 2 1"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-10
description: ! "Look and see what i need."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'start 4

signal
new secret base
marker 4
marker 1

locations 5
corusant
kiffex
hoth
tatooine
hoth echo command center

ships 18

x-wing 11
green squadron a-wing
home one
artoo-detoo in red 5
masaya
gold leader in gold 1
red leader in 1
lando in milleniuem falcon

people 3
lt blunt
commander luke
asp 707 droid

devices2
portable scanner x2

weapons1
x wing canon x2

admiral command 1
capital support

effects 12
the planet thats the fartest
revolution x3
traffice control
echo base garrision
haven
nightfall
incom corp
ice storm
eject
frost bite

interupts 13
sense
organized attack x3
all wings report in
the signal x2
on the edge x3
rebel barrier
hojix the combo x2


'

Strategy: '

edit*****
it is still undefeated in 2 tournaments. what i need is something to swap for revolution not u need to play ebo. If i want to post a ebo deck, i would. keep that idea in mind. try do something new and work with what it can do. Its not a world winning deck. Does it need a more ships and what kind stuff like that thank you   

First turn; basically start with echo war room and garrison Pull Luke and hold but deploy war room. Keep the rest of the force. Next turn pull tatooine or hoth and deploy Luke to war room. If you have revolution and signal go get haven and deploy x-wings for free and draw some if need it. Next turn deploy kiffex and use signals go get nighttime and keep frostbite/ice storm in hand. Revolution war room hoth, tatoonie. You should be draining for 8 by this time. Keep on the edges on the hand. Deploy the asp and a device. Next turn deploy another device and drain. Corusant should come to your hand within 4 or 5 turns (don’t worry). Use ASP droid to return the device top of your reserve deck for nice destiny of 6 and then use on the edge call 5. This is a versatile deck. It’s hidden base with some force drains and play. Bonuses are gone so its your drain will win. Try to bait them coming to hoth. That’s auto win. Frostbite hurts like a @#$%. If you see some combo’s like monok/evader. Try to keep the revolution in your deck. Wait for them to lose it. Then deploy. Insignificant rebellion is a headache with this combo so keep your eyes open. If you see lots of monoks (in your area) then use yarma u should be fine 
Here is the match ups. 

Mkos
They usually have 3 or 4 turns to set up. That’s pretty fast. Try to set up planet that’s the farthest and hold it at all cost. Their drains are down to 4 usually. No force drain bonuses. Keep deploying and draining. Now are canceling two of it but its good because they can only have so many reps in hand. Start revolution the Tatoonie and hoth and war room all at once. When u notice your lost pile start to pile up use all wing report in. that’s about 8-11 retrieve. Right after that use on the edge for the rest. If they have something special or a grabber of well but u will retrieve 23 at least cards. If they don’t have fun. You will out drain them; they do have bounty ships so keep imperial barrier on hand. Then use eject and kick some ass. Each x-wing is power 5 and immune to attrition. Home one is good to carry and just power.

ISB
Real simple to beat. Try to find corusant and deploy home one (Make sure u deploy that to corusant it’s a pain in the @#$% to get it there) and My friend Lt. Blunt with some x-wings. Now bait them with Luke to hoth and hit them with ice storm and frostbite. Good night. Losing 5 each turn hurts and that’s 10 each full turn. If not oh well drain. ISB is ok with force activation. So don’t revolution everything. Also ISB big blue wait for them to deploy some ships. Then go smack them around little. 7 x-wings are power 35 and an easy destiny draws of 6.   

Set your course for aldrean
Now here is some match-up. Now they are thinking u going to set up a full base. Just deploy planets and force drain. Go to death star and sit there. Home one and Lando with some x-wings are nice. Before they can make it to hoth they are out. If they are going to fight deploy hoth then go keep some @#$% with revolution. It’s a good old space fight. If u have lots of sinear fleet in your area use alter its better. Makes them worry.  

Hunt down/bring him before me
Deploy Luke to marker and wait. Let them cross the Luke. Then ice storm and frost bite. Good night. Drain and loss of force hurts them. Use lt. blunt to retrieve. Lose Luke to force drain and echo base op. And then use force to get him from lose pile for bring him. Now they don’t know what’s going on with hoth. Drains will win.

Ops/rail/ and some weird objectives
Your best friend the planet that’s the farthest and drain. U will win real easy
'