---
layout: post
author: ! Chris "CGogolen" Gogolen
title: ! "Da Mutha Fu$kin’ Bombers"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-09-04
description: ! 'Very strong deck with a amazing win record.  Went 3-1 at the Montreal DPC with a True Tie time loss to a WYS deck-because Out of play cards in lost pile don’t count for a true tie.  Also went 2-1 at DragonCon narrowly losing to Hidden Base.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting
endor ops
endor
endor bunker
landing platform
prepared defense
IAO/secret plans(usually-on rare occassions I start oppressive)
combat response
planetary

Locations
kiffex
naboo
coruscant(coruscant set)

Interrupts
always thinking with your stomach
relentless pursuit
short range/watch your back
neimodian advisor
they’re still coming through
all power to weapons x3
dark manuever/tallon roll x2
they’re coming in too fast
operational as planned
tarkin’s orders
ghhk/those rebels
i can’t shake him x2

Ships
saber 1
saber 2
dreadnaught x3
scimitar 2 x2
maul’s infiltrator
onyx 1
scythe squad tie x2
zuckuss in MH

Characters
colonel jendon
epp vader x2
baron x2
capt jonus x2
cmd merrejk
darth maul(tat)
major phennir
u-3po

Admiral Order
fighter cover

Weapons
sfs cannon x2
proton bombs x2

Effects
there’ll be hell to pay
lateral damage
do they have a code clearance
first strike
oppressive enforcement '

Strategy: '

this deck is designed to beat some of the most popular LS decks and it can do just that.

Basic premise-match up your pilots and drain in space-use your cannons to get rid of LS ships-use the bombs to collapse stuff like the Cantina, the Senate chamber, and all of Cloud City-use maul, vader, and u-3po for where your bombs can’t reach.

Against WYS-your cannons can shoot their ships down-and Saber 1 does it for cheaper.  Outrider is a problem so get that gone as quickly as possible.  Replace their AO with yours to make sure that you bomb the Cantina and the DB.  Once you take away their battlegrounds on the ground they are f’ed. Tallon Roll the Falcon, Red 10, and you can lateral damage Red Squad 1 to make it an easier target.  Hell, you can lateral damage anything to make it an easier target.

Against RST- set up space drains and get fairly spread out.  You’ll lose 6 for the race, but that’s not a big deal.  Once they put Deactivate in the bunker, collapse it with the bombs.  Without deactivate, their deck stalls.  Use u-3po,and tarkin’s order to block endor drains.  Grab either Throw me a charge or Out of Commission.

Against QMC- this isn’t much of a game.  Go to Bespin quickly and just collapse everything.  They will feebly try to come after you, but there isn’t much they can do.

Against Dagobah- Spread and drain quickly.  Don’t leave yourself too thin, your interrupts and weapons will help prevent beatdown.  Most decks have few ships to come after you anyway.

Against Senators- here’s a deck with even few ships.  Neimodian or Merrejk for the Coruscant system and bomb the senate, the jedi council chamber, etc.  with those gone, they have nothing.

Against Profit-this is the toughest matchup-no aliens to start-no sites to bomb except maybe the AC-but how long do they really stay there.  Use Always thinking on Han if possible-if not use Vader to get him.  U-3po a drain, Maul may be useful.  I had the tatooine system in the deck, but took it out for Zuckuss in MH.  It may go back in if profit gets big again.

Against Hidden Base-Another tough matchup if it is a space hidden base flip deck.  against ground mains-use the bombs-against space/flip-well, tallon roll what you can, shoot the rest, and find the hidden base ASAP so your drains don’t get cancelled.  Be reactive to them and your opponent’s plays-don’t leave yourself open to him.

The deck works well, it’s track record speaks for itself. Pete Flamini(ghetto13) approached me with the general idea, and he and I have refined it to this beast. '