---
layout: post
author: ! Jeremy "pakkratt" Sumrall
title: ! "OMDH  LA style"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-28
description: ! 'Retrieval, fallen portals, and tracking:what else do you need?'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting

Hidden Base
Rendezvous Point
HB indicator
Squadron assignments
Insurrection
Staging areas
Heading for the medical frigate

Locations

Tatooine
Alderaan
Tatooine Docking Bay
Spaceport Docking Bay

Characters

Ben Kenobi x3
Luke, Jedi Knight x3
Captain Han Solo x2
EPP Leia x2
Lando w/vibro axe x2
Melas
Dash Rendar
Orrimaarko
Wedge, Red Squadron Leader

Starships

Millenium Falcon x2
Outrider
Red Squadron 1

Weapons

Obi’s saber
Ani’s saber

Interrupts

A Few Maneuvers x4
Out of Commission/Transmission Terminated x4
Fallen Portal x3
Tunnel Vision x2
Rebel Barrier x2
Surprise Assault
The Signal

Effects

OMDH x3
Honor of the Jedi
Menace Fades
Tatooine Celebration
Legendary Starfighter

Admiral’s Orders

I’ll Take the Leader x3

'

Strategy: '

Response to review’s


Let’s see you come to a tournament here with any kind of deck Brangus. Next time review the deck with some helpful advice. And if you do come maybe I can show you exactly how it works after I beat you with it.

I have had this deck for 3 weeks now so it was made before that new age OMDH that is already posted. Anyway, straight to matchups.

Hunt Down
4 TT should get rid of visage fast.  Track a few maneuvers for duel destinies and fallen portals. Retrieve and force drain at the db’s on Tatooine and you should win.

BHBM
Until vader hit’s the table, use Luke in battles. Give them luke and battle vader off the table. with 4 Out of commision’s in the deck, placing vader out of play could be easy. Track, retrieve, and drain at the Db’s will win the game.

Ties
Your starships can handle ties easily.	Track high destinies and play legendary starfighter on falcon.	You can also control wakemuile and make their ties deploy more. A few maneuvers should keep your starships from getting blown away by tie cannons.

Scum
Battle at the docking bays and use fallen portals. Your retrieval will keep you in the game while your 6’s will kill off their characters.


I know secret plans is always played but you can get around it. If you don’t need to retrive much then only deploy enough charcters to pay for secret plans.

A few maneuvers is a better tracking card than the common throw me another charge or fall of the legend. Play on a starfighter and they can’t look through your deck to verify you don’t have a weather vane. You can also use it to save you from tie cannons so it is more usefull than those other 2 interrupts everyone likes to track.

This deck is currently unbeaten but any helpful ideas will be appreciated. Thanks for taking time to review.

Jeremy ”Pakkratt” Sumrall	  '