---
layout: post
author: ! Nick "JediBrain" Stefanko
title: ! "Junkyard Party"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-09-30
description: ! 'Hyperdrive deck with armed mains and excellent, fun gameplay.Currently 8-0 in tournament play, including a win v. Paul Feldmans SYCFA deck.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations - 4
Tatooine City Outskirts 
Tatooine Mos Espa Docking Bay 
Tatooine Obi-Wan’s Hut 
Tatooine Watto’s Junkyard 

Characters - 19
Caldera Righim 
Captain Panaka 
Chewbacca  x2
Jar Jar Binks  x2
Lando With Vibro-Ax  x3
Obi-Wan Kenobi, Padawan Learner  x2
Padme Naberrie  x2
Qui-Gon Jinn  x2
Senator Palpatine 
Talon Karrde 
Threepio With His Parts Showing 
Yarua 

Starships - 1
Republic Cruiser 

Weapons - 5
Chewbacca’s Bowcaster 
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber 
Panaka’s Blaster 
Qui-Gon Jinn’s Lightsaber  x2

Podracer - 1
Anakin’s Podracer 

Effects - 7
Another Pathetic Lifeform 
Beggar 
Credits Will Do Fine 
Disarmed 
Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice 
Insurrection & Aim High 
What’re You Tryin’ To Push On Us? 

Interrupts - 22
A Jedi’s Resilience 
Free Ride & Endor Celebration 
Heading For The Medical Frigate 
Lost In The Wilderness  x2
Might Of The Republic 
Out Of Commission & Transmission Terminated  x2
Slight Weapons Malfunction  x2
Sorry About The Mess & Blaster Proficiency  x2
Too Close For Comfort  x2
We Wish To Board At Once  x2
Weapon Levitation  x3
Were You Looking For Me?  x2
Wookiee Strangle 

Objective - 1
The Hyperdrive Generator’s Gone/We’ll Need A New One  '

Strategy: '

Start
The Hyperdrive Generator’s Gone/WNAN1, Credits Will Do Fine, Tatooine City Outskirts, Tatooine Watto’s Junkyard, Heading For The Medical Frigate for Another Pathetic Lifeform, Insurrection & Aim High, and Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice

Strategy
Get set up in the Junkyard as quickly as possible (a risk against some decks, but generally a good move).  This will start you on the APL cycle, giving you a huge activation boost.  Fortify the Junkyard on your next few turns, but be careful not to overdeploy there; you can use it as a good trap to lull your opponent in for a battle and another stack on Credits.  When you’ve flipped, begin to make surgical strikes against your opponent, maximizing your retrieval from We’ll Need A New One.  Your character base, though currently limited, is enough to take on anything that comes out.  Continue to hold the Junkyard, as the direct damage of Credits will be a constant hindrance to your opponent.
Use of the Republic Cruiser should be confined to a lategame surprise, and only as long as you’re flipped.
The biggest problem this deck has is obviously Undercover spies.  Save your Sorry About The Mess combos to deal with them while still on the 0 side of your objective.  I’ve considered adding Wioslea (to ’purchase’ U-3PO and other annoying non-battle droids) and/or a Double Agent (since Lando is a prime candidate for getting to the Junkyard early).

If you have any questions about certain card choices, and after having read the card’s gametext and thought about the deck a bit, and still have questions, D-mail me or E-mail me at JediBrain@hotmail.com
'