---
layout: post
author: ! Mason "Palleon" Johnson
title: ! "Hidden Mains=More Dead Rebels"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-16
description: ! ' This deck can do anything battle, track, retrieve, and win'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (6)

Hidden Base
Strike Planning
Draw their Fire
Ultimatum
Rendezvous Point
Heading for the Med. Frigate
Indicator

Characters (16)

General Solo
Chewbacca, Protector
Epp Leia x2
Lando With Vibro-ax x2
Obi-wan with Lightsaber x3
Luke With Lighsaber
Luke Skywalker, JK x2
Tawss Khaa
Orrimaarko
Lieutenant Blount
Uncle and Aunt Lars

Starships (2)

Home One
Liberty

Interrupts (16)

Sense & Recoil In Fear x4
Control & Tunnel Vision x2
Alter & Friendly Fire x2
On the Edge x3
Fallen Portal x2
Clash of Sabers
Gift of the Mentor
Skywalkers

Effects (4)

Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice
Traffic Control
Order To Engage
Goo Nee Tay

Droids (2)

Asp x2

Devices (5)

Ewok Catapult x4
Portable Scanner

Locations (8)

Home One War Room
Dagobah Yodas Hut
Yavin 4 War Room
Endor Chirpas Hut
Yavin 4 Massassi Headquarters
Hoth War Room
Endor
Dagobah

Weapons (1)
Lukes Saber '

Strategy: '

This Deck I very vesitile and capable of competing with the best of them.  New and improved.

TURN BY TURN

You start with Hidden Base and Heading for the medical frigate. If your playing against a scum or
Endor Ops deck or something where you dont expect any SAC start Strike Planning, Draw Their
Fire, and Ultimatum. These are three very solid effects against most decks. If you are playing
BHBM, Hunt Down, or something where you expect SAC start Do, or Do Not & Wise Advice,
trike Planning, and Draw Their Fire. And of course your starting location is Rendevous Point.

First turn Pull General Solo with Strike Planning. Activate your force and then search your
reserve deck for Dagobah and use it to search for Yodas Hut.. Deploy it and any other locations
you have to get more force. Deploy your Effects and interrupts according to the situation. If an
opportunity knocks for you to battle hit them with all youve got, But a beatdown will almost never
open up on the first turn. If your short on power I your hand draw a couple force and prepare.

Second Turn Activate your force and Pull Endor from your reserve deck. Deploy it and any other
locations you have. Then try to lay a beatdown if ones not open then establish a foothold at an
opponents location. Set up a force drain and prepare to kill. Deploy your Effects and interrupts
according to the situation. If your low on power draw a couple.

Third Turn Activate and Force Drain then lay a beatdown if you can. If you have the right cards
you can begin your retrieval strategy. Deploy one of your Asp Droids to one of your sites and
prepare to stack a device on it next turn. Deploy your Effects and interrupts according to the
situation. Drain and battle like a champ and the game wont last long.

Fourth Activate and then stack your device if you have an On the Edge use it. Track the 7 and
call a 6 and retrieve. If theres anything left of your opponent drain and battle. Dont let them
regain a foothold in their territory. Deploy your Effects and interrupts according to the situation.
Retrieve, Battle and Just decimate the opponent.

Fifth Activate and Retrieve and kill whats let of them.

Sixth Their Probably Dead. If their not then kill them and Retrieve.

SPECIFICATIONS

Battling Use Lando with Ax, Clash of Sabers, Destiny Adders, and Mains to reduce the imperials
to dust. Sense their Imp. Barriers and alter the effects you can. You will be doing so much
damage to your opponent they will be losing up to 20 cards a t a time. Dont forget to track.

Retrieval You dont need it to win but use it to its fullest advantage with Draw their Fire and On
the Edge. You will find yourself winning by numbers in the 30s.

Winning Just Do It.

MATCHUPS

VS. Court, MKOS, or AOTBS
These decks you can beat in your sleep.
Plan out your mains deployment and wipe out all his sites and drain, but it you cant seem to get
in to the palace because of None Shall Pass and Barriers. Go else where on Tatooine and drain
and move into the palace. Once you get to Jabbas Palace use your fallen portal. Retrieve when
you can but watch for large groups of hunters with Xizor and Guri. Sense all their tricks when you
can. And Battle, Drain, Retrieve, and youll win by 20-40 cards.

VS. Endor Ops, Tie Swarm, or any other space decks. You can run into a few problems but you
can make it through pretty easily. Stack pilots on the Home One, track some destinys and use
Order to engage. Sense their tricks and go for their weak points. Use liberty in the same way.
Retrieve and take over their docking bay. Beatdown any characters you can. Dont be
intimidated by three ties. Just win.

VS. Hunt Down
Not many problems with this but, be careful. Play smart and use your fallen portal. Watch for
numbers, but dont worry about Visage because of your great retrieval. Kill Vader and make
them lose large amounts of force. Overpower them, but watch for duels. Use sense if you can
and search for the cards you need with tunnel vision. Simple as skinning a wampa. Easy Win.

VS. BHBM
This can get a little rough. I have had a few problems with these decks. Use Luke early before
you hand him over. get Ben and Lando for beatdown use fallen portal. Your SAC is very
important use it at the most important times and cancel their tricks. Make them use up all their
SAC on your stuff then hit em hard. This game usually depends on luck of the draw and how
good your opponent is.

VS. ANYTHING else.
Retrieve, battle, and win like a champ you should have no problem with gimmick decks. Dont
play around take them out before they realize your true power.

Some Cards That Could Make this Deck Even Better

Weapon Levitation Vader say Bye Bye to your saber can win you battles and save your
characters. Adds to your average destiny.

More SAC I love SAC it is the key to winning games another sense and control would be great if
I could find some room.

Falcon I need to add the super falcon to battle those damn ties and help me dominate against
space decks.

Well thanks for reading and hope you liked it. It has won me many a tournament.

Mason (J)  '