---
layout: post
author: Jake "NeDraco" Rich
title: 'Smack That @#$% Up'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-25
description: ! 'BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA-cough...wheez...gasp...HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(8)
HDADTJ
Executor Holotheater
Executor Meditation Chamber
Visage of the Emperor
Prepared Defenses
Crush The Rebellion
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order

Characters(13)
Lord Vader x2
DVDLOTS x2
Darth Maul x2
Emperor Palpatine x2
Mara Jade x2
Dr. Ezvan and BOB
IG-88 w/ Riot Gun
Aurra Sing
Prince Xizor

Weapons(4)
Vaders Lightsaber x2
Mau’s Lightsaber
Mara Jades Lightsaber

Starships/ Vehicles(5)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Zuckuss in Misthunter
Boba Fett in Slave One
Bossk in Hounds Tooth

Effects(6)
Something Special Planned For Them
First Strike
Visage of the Emperor
No Escape
Therell Be Hell To Pay
Reactor Terminal

Interrupts(19)
Force Lightning
Imperial Barrier x2
Force Field
Weapon Levitation x2
Sniper/ Dark Strike x2
Put All Sections On Alert
Operation As Planned x2
This Is Some Rescue
Limited Reasources
I Have You Now x2
You Are Beaten x2
Vader’s Anger
Evader. Monnok

Locations(4)
Kuat
Executor Docking Bay
Death Star Docking Bay
Could City Docking Bay

Podracer(1)
Sebulbas Podracer (He Always Wins)
'

Strategy: '

Strat 
Destiny w/ zeros2.7
Destiny w/out zeros2.9
(note* these averages will no reflect what you will be drawing)

	Okay first off I would like to say that this is design for the current playing style in my region Courscant. Other regions playing styles my be diffrent but don’t judge it on that. Anyhow lets continue.
	This is designed to be a high destiny Huntdown that on it’s own can drain for five and deal damage with Visage. Currently it has only one tournament loss due to the fact that I could not find a Maul for the life of me.

	Questions and Tech section
Why only two drainable DBs
They are immune to Projection of a Skywalker which is used alot in my area and the Death Star one can be used with Put All Sections On Alert which is mad tech.

Why bother with a Podracer
Cause my destinies are Fatties I rarely ever lose a race, even when my opponent is using race interrupts

This Is Some Rescue kills OCC/TT dead

Sniper/ Dark Strike and Force Lightning kills undercover spys dead

Therell Be Hell To Pay grab there important interrupts

Force Field I had two but needed to make space for other stuff. protect your Dark Jedi, all three of them, and protects characters from Fallen Portal

After that most of it is easy to figure out.

Match ups

Vs. WYS
 This is a popular deck type in my area so usually a first or second turn Vader to the Cantenia followed my Jedi at both your DB kills them quick. If you suspect Kessel runs start SSPFT. Most WYS decks are weak on the ground so don’t really worry about it. if you see and easy space target attack with your ships, and if you feel the need to drain at the Tat. DB make sure to deploy a Walker  the to be safe from Lost In The Wilderness.

Vs. Hidden X
First turn Monnok tends to get ride of some X-wings. Grab there Organized Attack or All Wings Report In. Use Sniper to kill their Undercover Spies. Attack when you can get away with it and probe their base. Drain Race

Vs. EBOX
Same as Hidden X except invade Hoth with the Walkers and move into their site to cancel EBO. Drain Race

Vs. any beatdown deck
Fight smart, use you interrupts to you advantage and don’t spread out. Your opponent will think twice when staring at three Lightsabers. If they got to the Executor or Death Star  use Put All Sections On Alert.

These are pretty much the decktypes used in my area. When you are reviewing these please keep in mind that Courscant is not out yet, and that no deck is un beatable. And don’t give me a  rant about how if you did all these cards in this order and that if I did nothing about it you would win cause that is stupid and will never happen.

Thanks 
-Jake

'