---
layout: post
author: ! Mason "Palleon" Johnson
title: ! "Frozen Mains"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-25
description: ! 'There ain’t enough life on this ice cube to fill a space cruiser.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'
Locations(9)
Hoth Main Power Generators
Hoth North Ridge
Hoth Echo Command Center(War Room)
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Endor
Home One Docking Bay
Tatooine Docking Bay
Tatooine
Tatooine Jabbas Palace

Characters(22)
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x3
Obi-wan with Lightsaber x3
Leia With Blaster Rifle x2
Captain Han x2
Chewbacca, The Protector
Lando With Vibro Ax x2
Corran Horn
Dash Rendar
Mirax Terrik
Admiral Ackbar
First Officer Thaneespi
Major Haash’n
Wedge Antillies, Red Squadron Leader
Orrimarko
Tawass Khaa

Starships(6)
Millenium Falcon x2
Home One
Outrider
Red Squadron 1
Liberty

Effects(8)

Squadron Assignments
Insurrection
Staging Areas
Battle Plan
What Are You Trying To Push On Us?
Bacta Tank
Menace Fades
Do, or Do Not & Wise Advice

Interrupts(15)

On the Edge x2
Fallen Portal x2
Run Luke Run x2
The Signal x2
Houjix & Out Of Nowhere
Out Of Commision & Transmission Terminated
Rebel Barrier
Punch It
Gift of the Mentor

Admiral’s Orders(2)

I’ll Take the Leader x2

'

Strategy: '

Starting Start Hoth Main Power Generators and Hoth North Ridge as your starting locations. Then use Heading for the Medical Frigate to start your three effects usually start Squadron Assignments, Staging Areas, and Insurrection. Unless you expect SAC then you want to start Do, Or Do Not & Wise Advice. The Game Start by pulling Home One Docking Bay and any combo’s you can with squadron assignments. Then get a
charater down to the Home One Docking Bay to increse your force generation with
Staging Areas. Then next turn pull tat Docking Bay and get some more activation wait
for your opponent to deploy then beat them down. And retrieve at the end of the game
with On the Edge.

Cards

Dash and Outrider they are breat for space
battles and also
Dash can be used on the ground.

Mirax Terrik Tracks your destiniy’s, pilots, and can be used for fodder on the ground if absolutely nessasary.

I’ll Take the Leader Adds 1 to your drains at docking bays and all of your ships have Immunity to attrition <4 or add two to their immunity.

Matchups

Vs. Huntdown Use Run, Luke Run to Run away from their dueling and beathem down in their weakest areas. Choke their force and drain at the DB’s us. Destroy them in space and on the ground. Difficult match, but can be done.

Vs. BHBM Also very difficult. Start your SAC protection and get your drains going early. Use luke early then give him up. Use battle plan to slow them way down and destroy them in battles. Late in the game track and retrieve.

Vs. CCT When they try to transport him beathim down and free han deploy your han and drain at his sites. If he comes to space kill him and retrieve. Easy match if you play intensly.

Vs. Ties Use hassh’n to cancel Lateral damage and get all the power you can to battle them in their weakest places. Battle Plan will kill them and so will your drains. Retrieve and you should be able to pull off this matchup.

Vs. Scum Really TOugh, but if you battle them and don’t let them get to you you can win. Invade the palace and kill their aliens. Retrieve and beat his ships up if he comes to space.

I will post improvements based on ratings
Thanks for reading and or reviewing

'