---
layout: post
author: ! Dennis "Denethor" Jeffris
title: ! "I’ll Start My Landing When I’m Good And Ready"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-09
description: ! 'A walker/Hoth deck that doesn’t use Walker Garrison, because it takes too long until you can use it.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (5)
Hoth Ice Plains
Prepared Defenses
You May Start Your Landing
Imperial Arrest Order
Fanfare

Locations (7)
Hoth Wampa Cave
Hoth North Ridge
Hoth Defensive Perimeter
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Executor Docking Bay
Coruscant Docking Bay
Death Star II Docking Bay

Characters (22)
Mosep
Emperor Palpatine
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba
Lord Vader
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
Darth Maul x2
Prince Xizor
Jodo Kast
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Commander Igar
General Veers
Janus Greejatus
Sergeant Narthax
Sergeant Major Bursk
Grand Moff Tarkin
DS-61-2
Djas Puhr
Aurra Sing
AT-ST Pilot
Grand Admiral Thrawn

Starships (5)
Devastator
Chimaera
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Dengar In Punishing One

Vehicles (11)
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 6
Tempest 1
Blizzard Scout 1
Blizzard 1
Blizzard 2
Blizzard Walker x3
Imperial Walker
(substitute the Tempest Scouts for Imperial Walkers or Dune Walkers, since I don’t have any more AT-ATs)

Interrupts (3)
Voyeur
Twi’Lek Advisor x2

Effects (7)
Ice Storm x2
There’ll Be Hell To Pay
Search And Destroy
Oppressive Enforcement
Mobilization Points
Expand The Empire '

Strategy: '

Well this deck doesn’t use any Walker Garrisons cause I don’t have them, and they take too long to set up.  However, if you replace the Tempest Scouts with Imperial Walkers, take out Voyeur and put it in.  Anyways...

Expand the Empire is the coolest card I’ve ever seen in SWCCG.  Put it on Defensive Perimeter between Docking Bay and North Ridge (or Ice Plains, whatever) and drain at all of them... 2 from Docking Bay, 3 Defensive, 1 North/Ice.  So that’s 6 from drains.  While you occupy North, Ice, and Defensive so that’s 3 from You May Start damage.  9 a turn from relatively safe locations?  Sweet.  That is, if you can get the Walkers out, but with 11 AT-ATs, it shouldn’t be hard (I really need more, stupid Tempest Scouts).  This deck also activates tons of force (you need to to deploy the beasts).  Use your characters to beat the hell out of him in places, and the 2 Destroyers to hold a cruicial system.  Also, if they aren’t playing Don’t Do That Again or The Camp, then you can deploy to the 3 non-battleground docking bays and activate loads.  Any suggestions (or trade offers with Walker Garrison) would be greatly appreciated.  Thank you, enjoy. '