---
layout: post
author: ! Mark "yodarth" Kloida
title: ! "New Skool ISB Big Blue v2 0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-17
description: ! "This is ISB Big Blue at its best.  Generate tons of Force, drain huge, and pound them in space."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting Stuff (6)
ISB Operations
Coruscant
Prepared Defenses
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
There Is No Try & Opressive Enforcement

Locations (7)
Coruscant Docking Bay
Endor
Executor Docking Bay
Kashyyyk
Kiffex
Rendili
Sullust

Characters (15)
5D6-RA7 x2
Admiral Chiraneau
Admiral Motti
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral Piett
Commander Merrejk x2
Fozec
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Officer Evax
Outer Rim Scout x3
U-3PO

Starships (14)
Chimaera
Death Squadron Star Destroyer
Devestator
Dominator
Dreadnaught x3
Executor
Scythe Squadron TIE x4
Thunderflare
Vengeance

Admiral’s Orders (2)
We’re In Attack Position Now x2

Effects (5)
Presence Of The Force x2
Something Special Planned For Them
There’ll Be Hell To Pay x2

Interrupts (11)
All Power To Weapons
Control & Set For Stun x2
Dark Maneuvers & Talon Roll x3
Imperial Command x4
Overwhelmed '

Strategy: '

This deck activates huge amounts so you can drop your big blue ships, which can hold nearly everything and drain huge.  

The first thing you do is pull Rendili.  I prefer Rendili as opposed to the Executor because Rendili gives you come good activation, another spot to drop Star Destroyers, and it retrieves the Dominator, while the Executor usually just sits in your hand until you finally have the Force to deploy it with a pilot and stuff.  Then you pull the Coruscant Docking Bay.  There you can drop an ISB agent or anyone you want for quick activation with Mob Points.  Later on, with a Star Destroyer there, you have a safe 1 drain and they can’t deploy Rebels to related sites, so no worries about getting beat down big.  You’ll have guaranteed 8 activation, more if you got a system in your hand, on turn 2.  Then you pull the Executor Docking Bay and generate even more Force.  You shouldn’t have problems getting an Imperial Command to get Piett out who pulls Commander Merrejk, who will get all of your systems out.  With all this, your activation is massive.  

Now you’ll start dropping your ships.  Get a We’re In Attack Position Now to let your pilots drop cheap, especially Admirals.  Put usually one capital ship with a pilot aboard and then try to get 1 Scythe TIE at each system.  

Why the small TIE package?
These Scythe TIEs are great.  They are guaranteed 7 plus destiny in Talon Roll, 8 with Dreadnaughts, and they have 4 destiny.  Not bad at all.  With the 6 destiny Dark Maneuvers & Talon Roll you have your Talon Roll machine, your Dark Maneuvers helper, and a 6 to be tracked for things like Talon Roll and Set For Stun.  The TIEs are an excellent addition to this deck.  All Power either gets a few TIEs out really fast or beefs a TIE up big time.

With this firm control you can drain for huge.  Presence Of The Force and Admiral Chiraneau boost your drains big time.  

Against ground drains use your Controls, flip and have 5D6-RA7 down, and U-3PO.  They won’t be able to keep up with your drains.  

Battling is what Big Blue can do greatly.  You have huge power, immunity, and Imperial Command.  The superfalcon dies to Imperial Command and Set For Stun.  Overwhelmed sends all of their junk away so it won’t bug you anymore.  You might have to forfeit a pilot now and then, but after you flip the next turn you simply retrieve him back.  The TIEs and Talon Roll really set them back if they’re battling your Big Blue stuff.

Deck matchups
Watch Your Step
Against a ground type, you have U-3PO, 5D6-RA7, and Controls for their drains and Something Special For Them kills retrieval.  Against space they’ll have a couple 6 power or so ships that are vulnerable to Talon Roll quite often.  With Imperial Command they draw 1 destiny.  They won’t be able to stop you.

EBO
They have heavy drains and decent power, but you didn’t have extra room for sites, EBO, characters to drop at Hoth sites, etc, so you have that edge.  If they X-Wing swarm grab their stuff with your grabbers and Talon Roll and X-Wing every time.  Imp Command helps you in adding a destiny in this case, which will get rid of more and more X-Wings.  You drain for about as much as them in space with Chiraneau and Presence, and you have ships that can last longer.  

Profit
Profit will get the quick retrieval, but you have the space and most Profit decks don’t.  You’ll be draining at all kinds of systems, and only by using most of their space will they be able to win a battle.  With your huge drains they’ll not be draining for dirt after you Control some drains, block one, and make the rest all -1.  The direct damage is all the real damage they can do, and that shouldn’t be any more than 3-4 a turn compared to drains of 8-10.  

Hidden Mains
This shouldn’t be difficult.  Their mains will have nothing to beat down on, but just make sure you plop a Star Destroyer at Coruscant so you can always shuttle up your characters if they move over to Coruscant.  They might manage a few mini-drains on the ground, while you drain huge in space.  The superfalcon does jack.   '