---
layout: post
author: ! Kyle "Psyokid" Ishimaru
title: ! "BHBM  My way or the Highway 2.0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-24
description: ! 'even more wins after this last tourny.  Now 17-3 over 4 tournys and Enduro'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(8) 
Bring Him/Fathers Place 
Throne Room 
Your Destiny 
Insg Rebellion 
Prepared 
Opressive 
Imperial Arrest 
Mob Points 

Locations(4) 
Rendilli 
D2 Dbay 
CC Dbay
Endor Dbay 

Characters(15) 
Emperor Pal x2 
Lord Vader x4 
Janus x2 
Mara x2 
IG with Riot Gun 
4-Lom with conc 
Boba with Blaster 
Jabba the Hutt(should be mighty) 
Sim 

Weapons(3) 
Vaders Stick x2 
Mara Stick 

Ships(6) 
Zuckuss in Mist 
Dengar in P1 
Bossk in Bus 
Dominator 
Dreadnut x2 

Effects(9) 
Lateral Damage 
Hell to pay 
Sec Precautions 
Battle Order 
First Strike 
No escape 
Presence of Force 
You cannot Hide 
Search and Destroy 

Interrupts(14) 
Imbalance x2 
Sniper/Dark Strike 
Young Fool 
Circle 
Force Lightning 
Twillik 
Operational as Planned 
Masterful x2
Barrier x2
Projective 
Monnok

Admiral Order(1) 
Battle Deployment  '

Strategy: '

Well heres my deck Ive been playing for some time now that has beaten every deck type out there.  Even WYS.  The major force drains and direct damage hurts alot.  Heres some card info about card selections.

Imbalance  Doing damage is better than making them pay.. well at least in my view

Monnok  With the tracking masterfuls you can get the monnok before making an attack or against a swarm deck.

Battle Deployment  Kills WYS and about every multiple destiny deck out there.  If i had walkers would make this even more powerful.  Plus not alot of people play LS capital ships.

Everything else looks standard to me if you have any card selections d-mail me ill reply asap.

vs. mode

vs.  EBO
I dunno how you play it but my 6 ships have owned most EBO decks out there.  Use search and destroy to help you with direct damage and get vader out early.  Fast drains help.  If they give you luke i would just suck the 1 damage a turn and keep Vader with stick going and Emp Janus.  Pick your battles in space.  Try not to get beat down that bad.  For more tactics you can read my TR against mike mendoza.

vs HB flip
Hold security precautions till they flip then go for 1 turn probe.  Search and destroy helps alot again dont go back and duel this time and just stay on battlegrounds for drains.  If you get enough cards stacked on Insg Rebellion then go try to cross him.  Watch out for beatdown again.  If they are playing swarm use monnok.

vs HB mains
Go back and duel them for damage every turn.  Play Presence on Throne Room for a max drain for 3.  Occupy Endor if they play it and go to your endor dbay to max out your drains.  Use imbalance for Off/ON combo or OMDH.  Monnok again helps alot maybe you can get some mains with it. 

vs Training
Get as much damage as fast as you can.  When jedi test 1 completes then go back and try to duel.  get presence out and go to Rendilli and CC dbay to drain and occupy for 3 battlegrounds.  After they finish Test 5 hold a barrier for Leia who might come down and try to add destiny and kill her next turn.  

vs WYS 
Hardest matchup of all if they are playing it right.  Battle deployment is your best ally.  With that going and a few guys on Tat you will have no problem controling Cantina and or Dbay.  If they play the Generic Dbay play No Escape for Generation and beatdown if they deploy there.  Try to kill them off Kessel.  With the right guys on tat search and destroy can work.  Watch out for Artoo threepio conbo with no destiny.  Killing off characters with force lightning and sniper is the best way to beat this deck.

vs TIGIH
Dont duel unless you are tracked right.  Play some ships and Rendilli.  Drain and try not to lose many battles.  Go the Chirpas Hut for a high drain.  Convert their Endor Dbay so they have to pay more force to move around.  Dont let them get a huge drain going at Back Door with Midge.  If you dont make stupid mistakes this is an easy matchup.  

Well thats all I can think off right now d-mail me if any questions.  All you need is 6 ships and a lateral to beat space  '