---
author: Tom "Gand" Culpepper
title: Gods of Death reborn
side: Dark
date: 2001-02-12
description: BHBM deck modified for the new era...  posted mainly for my records as I have moved on to playing HDADTJ or Endor Ops(not the version on my page) as the current standard.

This is not a typical deck even for BHBM.  I just like messing with people’s
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (8)
Bring Him Before Me/
  Take Your Father’s Place
Your Destiny
Insigniffigant Rebellion
DSII: Throne Room
Prepered Defenses
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
Something Special Planned for Them

Locations (5)
DSII: Docking Bay
Endor: Landing Platform
Endor: Forest Clearing
Endor
Cloud City: East Platform

Characters (17)
Emperor Palpatine x2
Lord Vader x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x2
Commander Igar
General Veers
Admiral Piett
Mara Jade
Boba Fett w/Blaster
Janus Greejatus
Sim Aloo
4-LOM w/gun
Prince Xizor
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Mighty Jabba

Vehicles (4)
Tempest 1 
Blizzard 2
Tempest Scout 6
Blizzard Scout 1

Starships(4)
Chimera
Executor (old school)
Bossk in Hounds Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Weapons (2)
Vader’s Saber
Mara Jade’s Saber

Effects (5)
Reactor Terminal
Visage Of The Emperor
I Am Your Father
Emperor’s Power
Search And Destroy
Mournful Roar
No Escape

Interupts (12)
Imperial Command x2
Rise My Friend
Masterfull Move x2
Holonet Transmition
Sniper
Trample
Hunting Party x2
Always Thinking With Your Stomach
Human Shield

Admiral’s Order(1)
We’re in Attack Postiion Now  

Strategy: 

in response to those who say I Am Your Father does not work...  all 4 TDs I have checked it with say it DOES.  Thanks for playing.


A revision of an old deck of mine, recently updated and slightly remodled.  I took out the often bashed(but never ”blown away”) Holotable and provided a bit more stability on the ground and air.  Although the average destiny is lower this deck still works well.  The idea is still to either complete your objective or to drain and direct damage the opponent to death.  I want to explain a couple decisions:

Masterful Move: Sets up a great tracking combo, use a force, use MM, pull Visage Janus it under the used force.  Track a 6 and 7 for battle destiny with Emperor’s Power.  Also does the next best thing, uses a 6.

Holonet Transmition: Able to pull with MM, thereby exchanging a 6 for a 2 destiny.  Able to cancel OOC/TT that everyone loves to play since the TT is inseperable from OOC and can be cancled by a 2 desitny used interupt.

Hunting Party: 7 destiny used interupt.  I intend to fail misserably each time I play this card, unless I have Human Shield in hand.

Human Shield: Used 5 (at least the text I care about)  Why, because I am a DIRTY BAST@RD...  Vader got Luke?  Gonna try and get him back by killing Vader?  ”A shining example of Imperial honor and bravery.”  Cute, now lose force.

I Am Your Father: Yes, an ablity 6 Luke just says ”I know that, dad...” and ignores me, but an EPP Luke...  different story.  Combined with We’re In Attack Position Now, Mournful Roar and Search And Destroy the combo deals a sizeable amount of direct damage each turn.


The deck plays pretty much the same against all decktypes and is fun to play since there is so much high power and high destiny.  Remember to use the destiny limiting power of the Imperial Command after you have your admirals on the table.

Enjoy


Gand  