---
layout: post
author: ! jason "waid" wade
title: ! "Jason’s HD pod racing"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-25
description: ! 'Hunting down jedi with pod racing,'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(10)
Hunt down and destroy the jedi/Their...
Executor Holotheatre
Visage of the emperor
Executor Meditation Chamber
Epic Duel
Start your engines
Tatooine Podrace arena
Boonta Eve pod race
Sebulba’s Podracer
Watto’s Box

Characters(14)
Emperor Palpatine-2
Darth Vader with lightsaber
Darth Vader DLOTS-3
Mara Jade TEH-2
Darth Maul-2
DR. Evazn/ Ponda Baba
Sim Aloo
Grand Moff tarkin
Janus Greejatus

Interrupts(25)
Vaders Obsession-3
The circle is now complete-3
Masterful Move-2
Podracer collision-2
Twi’lek Advisor-2
Focused attack-3
Holonet Transmission-2
Weapon Lev.-2
Endor Occupation
I have you now
Defensive Fire/hutt smooch
Ommni Box/It’s Worse
Counter Assault
Vaders Anger

Effects(8)
Visage of the emperor
Fanfare
Reactor Terminal
Presence of the force
Search and Destroy
Secret Plans
You cannot hide forever
No Escape

Weapons(3)
Vaders Lightsaber
Maras Lightsaber
Mauls Lightsaber

'

Strategy: '

The idea by now is old and very common. This is just my version of it. The first thing you do is win the pod race. I know that sounds vague but that is what you do. Loosing to visage is a gift to you as you can retive the lost force and you make him loose 11 force. there are only 4 vaders in this deck. So it will take you a while to cycle through to find one. To protect visage is holonet transimmison and hutt smooch. One blocks spies and the other stops TT. Masterful move if you lost visage to get one in your hand and throw a 6 back. Counter assault is great with deck. throw a couple of 6 and 5 back and let them cycle and track. When the timing is right for a duel of a counter assult then you ma proced to make the opponent to lose a lot of force. No escape early to block the honor. Even through you have no sites to drain at you just take over one or two sites of the enemy and drain at them. vader and tarkin can hold a site by them selves. mara, dr. evanza, and maul can one. and emporer and his possie can another.

There is just about nothening else that I can think of. It is a staut deck like all the other one’s out there like this.

Thanks for your comments, ideas, and time decktech.

Jason’waid’Wade '