---
layout: post
author: ! Zach "spirajira" Cute
title: ! 'OMDH done WRONG aka the not so real deal'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-05-22
description: ! 'this is what i would play if i was 4046 in the world........o wait, i am :)'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starters(7)
HB/SWSTYFR point
prepared D
staging areas
insurrection
YISYW
HB indicator(courlag cept ’genst SYCFA)

locations(5)
home 1 D/B
tat D/B
 D/B
alderaan
tatoonie

characters(20)
cmdrcrnhrn(aka coran horn)
cappy han x2
melas
JPSD lando x2
dash rendar x2
chewie protector
orrimarko
ben kenobi x3
ls,jk x3
owen and beru lars
epp leia x2
tawws khaa

starships(6)
home 1
outrider x2
falcon x2
liberty(or spiral, i like liberty going to used pile though, it makes me feel better than my opponent D)

interrupts(8)
tunnel vision
houjix and out of nowhere
fallen portal x3
weapon levi
the signal x2

effects(9)
OTE
tat celebration
aim low
i hope shes alright
OMDH x3
menace fades
squad assignments

AO(2)
ill take the leader x2

green(2)(my second fav color on a side note)
obis saber
ani saber



'

Strategy: '

well as i typed out that decklist i was thinkin man, i need some TT’s in there, with all the HD commands running around(dueler is dead with tatoonie).  so mabey take out tat celebration, aim high, IHSA, or a character for a couple of those.  and i dont start suad assignments cause i dont really need to, i play 2 of each ship and pilot so i might get a pair in my opening draw, and if not, and ur not playing ties, take squad assignments.  u can take pretty much anything(as far as effects) because most are ds2 or endor.  when tatoonie comes out this deck will get better, not like all the people who say their deck will die when it comes out.  i mean, throw a padme or 2 and a few qui gons in for some jank and people like orrimarko and go all out real mains(i mean lets look at the word main, main character.  who really saw melas in the movies?????? or corran horn.......o......right, im not much of a reader).  anyhow, get ur d/b’s out and systems till every locations out, take ur d/b’s and control tatoonie system so ur draining for 5 which isnt horrible for a mains deck(drain +2 with ITTL, 1 for each d/b).  u are also retrievin tons with either tat celebration for 2 a turn, or with OMDH with all these ability 4 characters it gets very high.  this deck aint perfect but hey, thats why im 4046 in the world(that and i dont play tournys much anymore).  so read it, review it, or just review it, i dont care.  hope u liked it.  any matchup ?’s dmail me because if u cant figure it out ill send tommy back there and he’ll hit u in the head with a tackhammer because u are a RETARD(gotta love tommy boy, quality film; sorry if i got my lines messed up there).  man, now i got tommy boy in my head, i think im gonna go watch it, i could sit here all night saying lines and u would all get mad at me and give me ur power speach ’bout how decktechs for SW only, and u totally know the only people saying that are people who have no friends at school, no life, love SW cards and sit in their rooms looking at them all day, and seriously need to get out.  o a little side note is TOM HANKS is filming downtown geneva right now for his new movie(i live in geneva), wouldnt it be cool if i was an extra and u all saw me in the movie and ur like’whoa, i read that kids crappy deck on decktech last year’  and that ur claim to fame.  anyhow i gotta go watch tommy boy so ciao ).  
PS, go check me out on IM, my name is spirajira, read my buddy info, its hilarious.
PPS, the views and opinoins expressed on this deck are in no way decktechs, lol, dont u love that thing before jerry springer and such(not that i wacth that, SERIOUSLY I DONT) 
PPPS, geneva crew is so sweet even though we have 1 SW player, 1 half SW player(me), and 1 former SW player.  now im gonna have to write tournamnet reports about going downtown and getting 64 oz drinks form white hen, then grinding at the library.
PPPPS, if shaefer is reading, well geneva has tom hanks, what does ur city have '