---
layout: post
author: ! Luke "Skywalker65" Hector
title: ! "Echo Strike Force (Pilot Edition)"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-13
description: ! 'To get out Echo Base Ops in 2 turns with decent effects I have chosen a new approach to Echo Base decks. See what u think'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (9)
Hoth Generators
Hoth North Ridge
Hoth Docking Bay
Hoth Corridor
Hoth War Room
Hoth
Kiffex
Sullust
Endor


Characters (15)
TK-422
Boushh
General Crix Madine
General Carissian
Obi-Wan with Stick
Chewie with Blaster
Corporal Kensaric
Brooks Carlson
Luke Skywalker
Lietennant Blount
Elyhek Rue
Theron Nett
Ten Numb
Wedge Antillies RSL
Tycho Celchu

Ships (9)
Red 10
Red 7
R2D2 in Red 5
Tala 2
Red Squadron 1
Blue Squadron 5
Green Squadron 3
Gold Squadron 1
Home One

Effects (12)
ANSB
Bacta Tank
Honor Of The Jedi
Legendary Starfighter
Strikeforce
Projection Of A SKywalker x 2
Haven
Echo Base Ops
Strike Planning (s)
Insurrection (s)
Squadron Assignments (s)

Interrupts (12)
HFTMF (s)
Signal x 4
OOC/TT
Houjix/Out Of Nowhere
Hyper Escape x 2
Power Pivot x 2
Insertion Planning

Weapons (2)
X-Wing Cannons x 2

Admirals Orders (1)
Ill Take The Leader

'

Strategy: '

UPDATE Right then I’ve checked out some ideas that you have given me. I don’t have an Ice Storm, but I do intend to get one for this deck as I know it is a good one. I like the Close Air Support idea with Tala 1 and Cracken considering he’s a scout and a good ground man as well.
I agree with the Luke EPP idea as well. Considering with Echo Base Ops and Haven the ships deploy for less anyway, it would be handy to have Luke for 2 purposes (air and ground)
The odds may not seem brilliant m8, but in all my games I have either had ANSB or a signal in my starting hand or at least on the 2nd turn so that isnt a problem.
Lots of people suggest Echo Base Garrison. I’m well aware of it except for 2 reasons
(1) I don’t have Echo Base Garrison, I got ANSB and R2 in Red 5 out of trading, not the 3rd Anthology
(2) With Strike Planning I can get Lando so I can get the Super Falcon out very soon, plus a lot of the pilots and characters in the deck are Ability 2 Scouts Crix fishes them out and then they fish out their ships Also Carlson has Landspeed 2 and allows others to move with him for free. so heres the setup
- Deploy Kensaric to the corridor and carlson to the docking bay. When EBO is out, move Kensaric to Carlson’s location and then move BOTH of them from there to the North Ridge- If i got this rule wrong then let me know

So in conclusion

Drop Blue 5 with pilot for Cracken and Tala 1
Drop Farmboy Luke for EPP Luke

I don’t know what to drop to put in Menace Fades though. It’s not essential at the mo cause I got 2 Projections and 2 undercover spies, but if anyone has ideas let me know for this deck is attending the UK Nationals next Sunday
END UPDATE

Right then, I’m deciding whether to use X-Wing Swarms or Pilots in this deck as each have different impacts on stragety. This deck can get ready on 2nd turn 90% of the time so its FAST

Early Game
1st Turn
Before activation search for Gen Crix Madine. If u have a signal i starting hand use it DURING activation to get ANSB (if you didnt get in starting hand). Deploy ANSB and search for corridor and War Room. Use Insurrection to get the Docking Bay. If u have force spare deploy Crix and search for either Carlson or Kensaric (scouts)

2nd Turn
Get ECho Base Ops before activation and find a scout during deploy phase. Deploy the 2 scouts and echo base ops. Use signals to get good effects and ANSB to get the systems, preferably Hoth or Endor (Haven and Strike Planning effects)

Later Game
Move and deploy characters to North Ridge to avoid beatdown and Imperial Decree, Kensaric should help with added deploy cost.
Search for pilots and their ships and deploy to systems making sure there is a battle destiny at each or a Hyper Escape in your hand.
Outdrain the opponent and battle any ships he has using Power Pivot as a ”BRILLIANT” way of getting rid of Star Destroyers (it buggers me right up so ill use it to bugger others up)

MatchUp’s
Hunt Down Get Honor out ASAP and use spies and OOC/TT to cancel the objective (IF NEEDED) If your opponent is losing force and not u then dont bother DUH Out drain in space and keep Hoth really SECURE at all costs. When I failed to do so letting Mara, vader and Emperor in, I was lucky to win that game by 13 when i did

MKOS/Court Get Honor out for Court and out drain in space with ease, this is an easy matchup for me







'