---
author: Philip "WorldChamp" Marschall
title: 'I want 100 bucks! No R3'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-10-28
description: 'A one turn win deck with SAC that will be awesome after R3.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (5)
Jedi Council Chamber
HFTMF
DDTA
Insurrection/Aim High
Battle Plan/Draw Their Fire

Locations (4)
Home 1 DB
Hoth DB
Naboo DB
Tatooine DB

Characters (16)
Yoda, SCM x2
Mace Windu
Plo Koon
EPP Luke x2
EPP Han x2
EPP Leia x2
Chewie, Protector
ECC Chewie
EJP Lando
Corran Horn
Nekkid Threepio
Qui-Gon Jinn

Ships (2)
Falcon
Gold Squadron 1

Effects (6)
Goo Nee Tay
HotJedi
Hiding in the Garbage
POAS x2
Beggar

Interrupts (27)
Don’t Get @#$%y! x2
Skywalkers x2
Life Debt 
Rug Hug x2
Protector x2
I Know 
Sense x5
Alter x2
C/TV x2
ICBW
Tripler 
SATM/BP
On the Edge
Run Luke, Run!
OOC/TT
Bith Shuffle/Desperate Reach
All Wings Report In/Darklighter


Strategy: 

Yet another strategy update: This deck doesn’t always have to be one turn win. It can go for only 2-3 destinies at a time and still survive by clearing out their guys a lot. Frozen Assets and Draw Their Fire will stop them from Ghhhking on me so that won’t work. About Crush, I will just leave them alone at their DB’s with a PoAS ont them so I can drain of two at mine plus both of us will be losing to Visage. With my On The Edge, who is ganna win the drain race there? If they get some guys to try to beat me, then they will have to contend with at least 5 destinies, and that will hurt. Plus TT and Corran and Lando are prolly enough to take care of Visage, when it won’t really hurt that much.

Another strategy update: COTEB has a very good point here. Edcel Bar Gane is a c0ck against this deck. I’m not quite sure what I’ll do about him. I guess I could drop some guys in the senate and gets more a couple destiny to get rid of him, then forfeit them and not lose any, but then I’d have to get my second of every main. If they play senate, I’ll go for smaller beatings early, so that I can drain for a couple on the ground while they drain for one in the senate.  

Strategy Update: Well, I have heard from many people about this, so I will change it. Beggar is going out for Frozen Assets. While I think Beggar is more versatile, there is a defensive shield that cancels it, so I will not include that. By the way, the Tripler in I’ve Got a Bad Feeling About This and C/TV is control/tunnel vision. Some people gave me bad reviews saying add the Tripler card and some Tunnel Visions. Anyway, thanks to everyone who has given this a good review, it is very well appreciated.

Do you want a deck that will be good in the post-R3 environment without buying any R3? Well look no further. This is a one turn win deck with huge SAC to stop anything that comes your way. After R3 this deck will be a monster because it has the ingredients to beat anything. With R3 cards it will be even better. 
Card choices: 
Hiding in the Garbage: Like a Tunnel Vision, and I am willing to expend my whole force pile if necessary to get an element of my big battle. 
Bith Shuffle/Desperate Reach: Cancels barrier, messes up tracking, is a trackable 5. What more could you ask for?
Naboo DB: Defense against Dark Duel.
Qui-Gon: More defense against Dark Duel. 
Tatooine DB: Beggar, Qui-Gon, Lando.

Well, basically the way to play this deck is to get ur dudes set up in the chamber, use Nekkid Threepio, C/TV and HiTG to set up your attack while sensing everything. You should get it set up ASAP and beat the heck out of their dudes for like 60 overflow.
Matchups: 
Dark Duel: Get Qui-Gon to the Naboo DB asap to stop their drains. It doesn’t matter if you lose some duels, the losses will be less than the drains. Beat up their dudes or another scrub for LOTS of overflow, and win.
Hunt Down: Try to keep them on the 0 side so you can still play some SAC. Win a big battle and win.
Space: Same thing, except for do your big battle in the Falcon. Be sure to have a sense for command, or have them have no force pile. Be careful of Zuckass in Mist Hunter, but just put Luke as a pilot.

Any other matchups are the same. Beat them down for lots of overflow, then drain them out if necessary. Don’t be afraid of the SAC Kicker because you can lose two for really important stuff. Just keep doing what your doing and win. Oh, and by the way, give this five stars cuz I need the money:) Feel free to give any suggestions if you think I should change anything. Thanks a lot for reading and reviewing! 
Philip  

