---
layout: post
author: ! John "Shadow 29" Anderson
title: ! 'SYCFA- Mommy, Can I push the button?'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-06
description: ! 'This deck blows Alderaan by about turn 4, abuses AMVCO, and can blow Yavin or Hoth if you really want to.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting

Set You Course For Alderaan/ The Ultimate Power In The Universe
Alderaan
Death Star
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Prepared Defenses
A Million Voices Crying Out
Oppressive Enforcement
Something Special Planned For Them

Characters

Grand Moff Wilhuf Tarkin
Death Star Gunner x4
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral Chiraneau x2
Admiral Piett
Captain Godheart
Darth Vader With Lightsaber x3
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Iggy With Gun
Bobby With Gun

Starships

Conquest
Stalker
Tyrant
Avenger
Dengar In Punishing One
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Chimera
Executor
Thunderflare
Visage

Weapons

Superlaser

Epic Events

Commence Primary Ignition

Effects

Lateral Damage x2
There&#8217;ll Be Hell To Pay
Come Here You Big Coward
Secret Plans
Crush The Rebellion

Interrupts

Imperial Command x3
Ghhhk & Those Rebels Won&#8217;t Escape Us
Omni Box & It&#8217;s Worse x2
Control & Set For Stun x2
Gravity Shadow
Put All Sections On Alert x2

Locations

Kashyyyk
Yavin 4
Death Star Conference Room
Death Star War Room
Death Star Level 4 Military Corridor
Sullust
'

Strategy: '

Early game

Grab something with Death Star in its title (the War Room or a Gunner), and Commence Primary Ignition. You may want to risk an early Command, especially if your opponent doesn&#8217;t have Wise Advice on the table. Set up activation, get your Superlaser and Gunners (to the War Room), and prepare to blast away Alderaan. 

Mid game This begins once Alderaan has been blown away. Use Ultimate Power to get all of your systems out of your deck, and start setting up the Big Blue fleet. At your systems drain with Chiraneau and the flip side to utterly destroy your opponent. Don&#8217;t over-deploy. You want to save extra star destroyers to retrieve force and beat down your opponent. If your opponent does get careless, then lay the smackdown on him.

End game There shouldn&#8217;t be much of an end game if you set up the big drains. If you play against Jedi Testing or a very heavy light side space deck, you may need to consolidate your forces and just drain for 4 or 5 at 2 or 3 of your systems and retrieve when you can. 


Okay, I don’t beleive too much in matchups, cuz it really depends on each individual player, and each individual deck. Sorry for a short strat, but really, thats all this deck needs. I copy and pasted from Word, so if theres tags, it ain’t my faul. Enjoy the deck, I sure do.

John '