---
author: Pyry "Blizzard" Nystrom
title: The Ultimate Power 2.0
side: Dark
date: 2001-11-21
description: SYCFA = No good. Wrong! Can be powerfull and solid! Come on, why else would Emperor orderded Death Star to be build?
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting(9)
SYCFA/TUPITU
Alderaan
Death Star
DS:DB
Preb.defences
Mobilization points & You cannot hide for ever
A Million voices crying out
Oppressive enforcement
Fear is my ally

Shields(10)
Battle order
Secret Plans
Well let fate-a decide, Huh?
CHYBC
Resistance
Fanfare
You`ve never won a race?
TINT
Allegations of corruption
A useless gesture

Locations(5)
DS:War room
Kiffex
Kuat
Rendili
Kashyyyk

Characters(17)
2xVader with saber
Emperor Palpatine
Grand Moff Tarkin
Darth Maul
Grand admiral Thrawn
Arica
U-3PO
Prince Xizor
2xGuri
3xDeath Star gunner
Boba Fett, Bounty Hunter
Admiral Piett
Daroe

Starships & Vehicles(11)
Zuckuss in MH
Bossk in HD
Chimaera
Thunderflare
Devastator
Avenger
Accuser
Conquest
Vengeance
Tyrant
Blizzard 4

Effects(5)
Lateral damage
Kuat drive yards
2xEnter the bureaucrat
Drop!

Interrupts(9)
2xWMAOP
Ghhhk & Those rebels wont escape us
2xPut all sections on alert
2xOvervhelmed
2xImperial Barrier

Weapons & Devices(1)
Superlaser

Admirals orders(2)
Battle deployment
Were in attack position now

Epic events(1)
CPI 

Strategy: 

OK! I know most of you think that SYCFA flip isn`t any good. And I must allmost agree.
But if done and played just right, it can be "Empires Ultimate Power!" This decktype has
propably darksides best retrieval capasity and huge drain bonuses. The main weakness is
its slow and card demanding flip, but hardly nobody is well prepared to fight this deck!

The purpose of this deck is to destroy Alderaan while minimizing opponents drains against
you. Youll manage to blow A in about 3-4 turns. So it will happen quite fast.
There is a lot of ways to keep your force loss limited to what you can easily handle.
Start with Battle Order in allmost every case, so early draining will cost.
Enter the buraeucrats will handle many nasty big drains of three or more.

When you finally flip, just start invading space. Play systems from reserve and begin to
summon your tremendous fleet. There is a horde of destroyers so you should have no shortage
for space power. Retrieving capabilities of this deck are awesome and allmost unmached!
Keep destroyers coming! If opponent kills few, deploy more and retrieve and so on...

Activation should not be a problem. With your Death Star and its sites you get a lot while
your friend gets only one from DB. Also systems provide a bunch for you both.

Important! Remember when you flip you are no longer immune to battle damage at the moon.
So gather your crew to avoid beatdowns!

If opponent plays heavy ground, he can attempt to take your DS-sites. This must be stopped!
Many of your pilots are mains istead of whimpy admirals, so they can fight at ground also.
And remeber to "Put all sections on alert"! 

In overall this deck focuses on heavy draining and even heavier retrieval and drain stopping.
Play wise and patiently and you will win!

Why not "Imperial command" deck??? Because it tends to get grabbed very early.
And Mobilization points get susppendet so quickly controlled Docking bays no longer provide
huge activation. Also admirals arent very usefull in ground warfare.
Multiple destinies are stopped by two Guris!

Why not more DS-sites??? Because you want flip soon, and you dont want to have any zeros
appearing as your destinies.

Some card explanations:

Vader with saber: Best Vader for this kind of deck. No room for his saber.

Daroe: With the number of star destroyers he can(and will) suprise you opponent!

Overvhelmed: A true game winner! Play two Destroyers and throw Super-Falcon back to his ***!

Imperial Barrier: OK, many play counters to these, but are awesome if not cancelled.

Oppressive Enforcement: +1 Capital ship destinies. Thats why.

And some matchups:

EVIL WYS: Tricky. They will kill some of your activation, so be patient and gather force.
You will retrieve/slow their drains to survive of their early upperhand. Put "Enter the bureucrat" on Kessel and grap their Control/TV...
Then eventually conquer space and the game is yours! Crush them with your power! Guri will save you from their destinies. Battle deployment
will help.

Hyperdrive is gone: Harass them is ground, if they manage to flip dont offer too many fights.

Duel of the fates: Dont go to Naboo! Bureaucrat their sites after they drain for three(2+1 from saber). Battle Order will make them pay. Flip and win!

QMC: Easy. Take space. Win drain race! Your retrieval will be to much for them. Kick them out from space and battle order will own them.

TIGH: 	Just see that your power is enough in battles and game is yours.

Podracing: You have no podracer, because if they do Podracing you will lose the race.
But no problem! Just retrieve damage what they have caused. I did it! wont hurt you too much!

EBO: Take space and win. If they play swarm, keep your boats atgroups and Battle deployment with Thrawn will eat their power.

Profit:	Real drain race coming up with this deck. Their direct damage will hurt, but your draining and retrieval potial is higher so you should win.
Take one site for Battle Order and LS SAD.

Mains: If they play docking bays use Fanfare. Theyll probably try take your sites, so be
prepared to fight there. Kill them with drains!

MBO: Take fight to Yavins ground. Kill their Assault run boosters and take their sites!
Your mains will crush their weak characters. Destroy Yavin 4 and win!

Thats all! Thanks for raeding and rewieving!  