---
layout: post
author: ! Sean "einnobevoli" Weigold
title: ! "Corellian Domination"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-11-21
description: ! 'This deck uses a ton of corvettes and quad laser cannons to totally kick the @#$% of anyone who goes up against me. Dont be too harsh on some of the weird cards in here. It is a third deck made out of all the extra cards I had lying around. Also BTW'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(3)
Correlia
The Signal
Corellian Engineering Corporation

Locations(16)
Anoat
Hoth
Kashyyk
Corulag
Bespin
Tatooine
Ord Mantell
Roche
Coruscant
Kiffex
Rathal
Yavin 4
Dantooine
Bothawui
Endor
Kessel

Effects(3)
Traffic Control x 2
Weapons Display

Starships(19)
Corellian Corvette x 13
Medium Bulk Freighter x 5
YT-1300 Transport

Weapons(7)
Quad Laser Cannon x 7

Interrupts(12)
Collision x 2
Power Pivot x 2
Steady Aim x 4
Combined Attack x 2
Hyper Escape
Rapid Fire '

Strategy: '

Ok I start with Corellia and Engineering Corp. I’ve tried corvettes with Hidden Base but I tend to get stomped in space battles. Anyway I was looking over all those stupid space weapon interrupts and thought "gee I wonder if I could use those." Anyway I pulled out some and saw I had a few quad cannons readily available. So I pulled out my corvs and said what the hell. You might think, well he will never hit anything with his bad destiny, and just a weapon. However the text on Eng corp adds 2 to my destiny draws. Not only that, but they make cannons deploy for free. It also enables me to get around the high deploy of corvettes, letting me get them out for 1 less force. It also helps out their low hyperspeed by giving +1. Anyway back to the weapons. I can shoot down most ships except for maybe executor, and a couple of the SDs. For cap ships I get a destiny draw, and my avg destiny in this deck is exactly 2. So its 2. Add the 2 from engineering. thats 4. Then of course I have steady aim, which can give me either 4 or 2 extra. Anyway the thing better have higher than 8 defence or it goes down. This goes up to 9 if it happens to be a fighter, so bounty hunter ships are no problem at all. Also if I have to I can alway use combined strike to give me an almost guranteed hit. Anyway away from weapons. I draw my 8. In all likelyhood I will get at least one system and one ship more likely to be 2 or 3 each. I activate my force and draw it all. My early game goal is to get traffic control out as soon as possible so I dont have to worry about overdrawing. After I get a few corvs and a weapon or 2, I put them down. I usualy put 3 ships or so at corellia, and stash the rest at heavy draining sites like Kiffex Coruscant, and Kessel. If my opponent is ground-heavy and trys to get in to a draining battle I might spread myself a little thinner to get all the one force drain planets. Usually however, I try to get around 6 or 7 out. Dantooine is an extremely important site to get out because I can deploy corvs there for 1 force a piece. Anyway thats about the extent. I know its not perfect, but like I said most of my priority cards are in other decks. '