---
author: Joe "Mirax" Kollisch
title: 'BHBM Killa Style Improved'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-12
description: 'Fast activation,Fast Drain,Kick @#$% POWER!!!'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Startin Stuff:8
BHBM/TYFP
DS2:Throne Room
Insig.Rebellion
Your Destiny
Prep.Def.
Mob.PTS.
Imp.Arrest Order
(Other Depends)

Locations:4
Carida
DS2:DB
Endor:DB
Cloud City:DB

Characters:20
Emp.Palpy(DS2) X2
Darth Vader
Lord Vader
Darth Vader,Dark Lord of the Sith
Vader W/Stick
Janus X2
Sim Aloo
Arica
Dengar W/BC
Booby Fett W/BR
4-LOM W/CR
IG-88 W/RG
Dr.E & Ponda Baba
Guri
Admiral Piett
Commander Igar
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Admiral Chiraneau

Little Blue:4
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Tempest Scout 3
Blzzard Scout 1

Big Blue:4
Executor(The one that’s IMMUNE)
Chimaera
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Green:2
Vader’s Stick X2

Quick Red:10
Evader & Monnok
Weapon Lev.
Force Lightnin’ X2
Imp. Barrier X2
Twi’lek Advisor X2
Trample X2

Other Red:9
Imperial Decree
Presence Of the Force
Somethin Special planned for them
I had no Choice
Secret PLans
Lateral Damage
Search and Destroy
Crush the Rebellion
You cannot Hide forever


Strategy: 

The only thing this deck i missin is Mara Jade(which i do not have which is why i don’t have it in here)and a Lord Vader or 2 instead of Vader W/Stick and Darth Vader.Other than that It is very good...it claimed second at Meriden last weekend.
But gettin to the startegy page without further delay here you are:

Vs.EBO Start Imp.Decree as other startin thing.Grab Excecutor wit mobpts.get emp.palpy and his friends down at DB’s wich you pull every turn.Get your Force drain up then get search and destroy up and runnin...if the place a character at the north ridge beat him down with trample otr just by killin him...get decree up with the lil bue and if they come to clrear them of the board trample trample trample.Then get your air and lat.Damage to wn a battle or two.

Vs.WYS Start Secret PLans.Get excecutor.Grab Endor DB but leave other 2 locations in there and track em if u get them to make em lose a ship idf the ever go over to try and complete it.plop your space down at kessel and wait for them there...if they come.before you do your air stuff settle the ground issue by deployin your ground to Tat.DB or Cantina...I usually put my boutny hunters at cantina an the emperor squad at the DB...they are limited to 2 Destinys with Crush so you should be ok...if the play dash...put i had no choice on him.

And Vs. My Fav.Fake out HB whch is the hardest to play if they play it good.Start Secret plans.Get your charcters down as fast as u can.grab carida.and hope for crush or twilek to get crush.grab EvaderMonnok so they arelimited to 11 cards.If you get a good amount of power you should be ok so put presnece at the throne room with vader emp. and janus cause most peeps play wit. rebe;l scout luke and throw vader there.Other than that good luck...I barely beat Karl’s very good Fakeoput HB deck by 2!!!That was a game to remember i tell you that.props to you Karl. 