---
layout: post
author: Michael "choker" Sorrell
title: 'PeeeeEBO!'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-08-06
description: 'A deck that comes in response to post coruscant decks.  This EBO sets up extremely fast, while the early podracing element makes up for the early game concentration on setting up EBO.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

START
North Ridge
Main Power Generators
Podrace Prep
Podrace Arena
Ani’s Pod
Boonta Eve Podrace
I Get All the Cards to Set Up EBO!(Effect)

SHIPS
X-Wing x9
Lando in Falcon
Spiral

CHARACTERS
EPP Luke x2
EPP Obi
EPP Han
Boussh
Qui-Gon Jinn
Figrin D’an
Corran Horn

LOCATIONS
Hoth:DB
Hoth: War Room
(Random Echo Site)
Kiffex
Hoth

RED
A Step Backward x3
Too Close for Comfort x3
All Wings x2
Power Pivot
The Signal
Trans. Term./OOC x2
Hyper Escape
Rebel Barrier
Organized Attack x3
Endor Celebration Combo
Legendary Starfighter
Rebel Fleet
Echo Base Operations (EBO!)
S-Foils
Haven
Grabber
Incom Corportation

GREY
Concentrate All Fire

GREEN
X-Wing Laser Cannon x2

PURPLE
I Did It! 

Strategy: 

Ooops.  Replace S-Foils with another Signal.  I’m writing this decklist on vacation, so I don’t have the cards in front of me.  A New Secret Base does indeed say S-Foils cannot be played.  That’s OK....your X-Wings are still really powerful. Thanks for catching the mistake!

This deck will really carry a surprise element into the post-coruscant playing environment.  The podracing element allows you to take your time setting up EBO (w/ two characters at the inner most Echo sites and an X-Wing at the DB).  The destiny at the start of the game is very good, but late game after all those X-Wings fly out of your reserve the destiny becomes AMAZING!  To play this deck is simple:
-Win the podrace
-Set up EBO
-Retrieve with I Did It! (for occupying a space battleground) everyturn and drain like mad.  
-If the DS is dumb enough to challenge you in space...beat the crap out of them.

With Incom corporation and the helper interrupts, you X-Wings can each be a power of 5.  Drop the Falcon on your opponent and activate Lengendary Starfighter.  The LS is going to see a lot more hunt downs with the emergence of Coruscant and the Maul helpers, and this deck will crush these decks.  The podrace will be won because of all the helper interrupts (and high destiny) when combined with the Grabber to stop those annoying Brangus decks, which aren’t real popular in my area.  Most modern Hunt Downs will play one (or two at most) battlegournds with a very LIMITED space package.  Beat their space package up, retrieve from the podrace and I Did It! (and All Wings late game), and drain away.  The game is yours.

The only problems occurs against two deck types: You May Start Your Landing and Dark Deal.  Imperial decree hurts when playing walker decks, but thankfully, must walker decks are going to be dumb enough to try you in space.  PLay your cards right for the beatdown and retieve like mad.  This game will be close...most of the time it will come out in your favor.  As for Dark Deal, their early drains could be deadly, but remember you have tremendous retrieval capabilities in this deck.  Also, they will give you a lot of force for an early activation of EBO as well, so use your EPPs for beat squads and play your game.  ACTIVATING LEGENDARY IN BOTH THESE GAMES WILL BE THE DIFFERENCE.  The card is so key!  Dark Deal is NEVER played in my area, so if you’re really scared play Menace Fades and stack EPPs at the North Ridge with X-Wings in the air.  Stop their bonuses and use Endor Celebration to cancel Occupation if they play that as well.

I’d really appreciate suggestions.  Thanks for taking a gander at my deck!  Have fun and enjoy the power of cheesy LS podracing.

Michael ”the Spider Monkey” Sorrell  