---
layout: post
author: ! Rob "Corum" Koper
title: ! "Your Retrieval Can Decieve You"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-26
description: ! 'Attack the Light Side where it does its most damage to you...retrieval. Tie up the main characters as prisoners and try to out-turtle the light side.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Startup (8)
Carb. Chamb.Test/My Choad Decoration

Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City Lockup
Carbonite Chamber Controls
Prepared Defenses
All Wrapped Up
Secret Plans
There Is No Try/Oppressive Enf.

Locations (3)
Cloud City Docking Bay
Docking Bay 94
Jabba’s Audience Chamber

Creatures (1)
Bubo

Charactersm (17)
Ugloste
Ugnaught x3
Boba Fett W/Rifle
Dengar W/Carbine
4-Lom W/Concussion Rifle
Prince Xizor
Lyn Me
Snoova
Ree Yees
Guri
Jodo Kast
Djas Puhr
IG-88 W/Heater
Arica
Jabba the Hutt(JP)

Effects (7)
We’re the Bait
Bounty x2
Carbon Freezing x2
Scum And Villany
Your Eyes Can Decieve You

Weapons/Devices(4)
Vibro-Ax
Binders x2
Mara Jade’s Stick

Interrupts (20)
Stunning Leader x3
Hidden Weapons x2
None Shall Pass x2
Sacrifice x2
Omni Box/It’s Worse
Double Back x3
Twi’Lek Advisor
Podracer Collision
Oh, Switch Off
Shocking Rev
Jabba’s Through With You
Prep the Chamber
Imbalance
'

Strategy: '

The name of the game in Bounty Hunting is fairness - some for you, none for them.  The Idea is to get a Hunter on the weenie they gave you for the objective (almost no one gives up a main), and freeze ’em up before they can do anything about it.  If they drop the LS mafia at the carb chamber, play stunning leader and hope they don’t have a Sense (we play light SAC in this region).  Then roll the rebelsicle to the chamber.  There you’ll want to hold down the fort with Jabba, his Dawg (Bubo), Xixor and Guri.  Use Arica to drop at their Twix site and lower the boom on Naked 3P0 or Shmi.  The killer cards in this deck are the ones that screw up their retrieval.  Secret Plans is self-explanitory, Imbalance cuts their carefully-planned retrieval in half.  Your Eyes Can Decieve You used with Imbalabnce and Carbon Freezing goes far in making them guess at their destinies.  The look on their face after winning a pod race when I play Imbalance on their face-down lost pile is precious.  (Where is that killer card?  Did I just retrieve it?  Is it still in the lost pile? ) Remember, the Imbalance loss is also face down.  Also remember that Omni Box shuffles a lost pile.
 Shocking Rev/Secret Plans is now invaluable in decks like CCT or TDIGWATT, where there is a lot of digging for components.  Cycle the Shocking Rev into your Reserve at the end of their turn, and look for it first.  Gives you a free peek at you reserve after activating.  This protects against Changing the Odds (Zing).  Use Podracer Collision to do the same to them or scoop up a (just flipped)Bounty Hunter. 
Feel free to mix and match bounty hunters (add Bane Malar, drop an Ugnaught or Djas Puhr).  I realize there is no sky to this deck, but I have concentrated on the ground, and I have decent success.  Perhaps the old standby (Zuckuss in Mist Hunter, Admiral Thrawn, Chimaera) would do the trick.   '