---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "mr007agent" Richards
title: ! "Drain out the @#$%"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-26
description: ! 'Simple. Drop Palpy and start draining at Yavin 4.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Imperial Occupation/Imperial Control
Twi’lek Advisor
Swamp
Yavin 4
Presence of the force

Locations (3)
Desert
Forest
Jungle

Characters (17)
Sim Aloo
Mara Jade, The Emperore’s Hand
Emperor Palpatine x 3
Myn Kyneugh
Lord Vader x 2
Darth Vader
Kir Kanos
U-3PO
4-LOM w/Concussion Rifle
Janus Greejatus
Gran Muff Tarkin x 2 
Admiral Ozzel

Blue (8)
Boba Fett In Slave 1
Executor x 2
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Bosk In Hound’s Tooth
IG-88 In IG-2000
Dengar In Punishing One
Tempest Scout 4 (For Fun)

Weapons (3)
Vader’s Stick x 2
Mara’s Jades Stick

Effects (8)
Organa’s Ceremonial Necklace x 4
Overseeing It Personally x 2
Lateral Damage
Presence Of The Force

Interrupts (17)
Imperial Barrier x 2
Alter x 3
Twi’lek Advisor x 3
Force Lightning
Weapon Levitation
Sense x 3
Ommni Box & It’s Worse x 4 '

Strategy: '

I started with the @#$%ty objective for only 1 purpose to pull your lands and to search your deck for what you are looking for. I used to play with Dagobah just for searching, it really helps.
Although it sucks for tracking you really don’t need to with this deck.

Why Swamp Easy 4 force to initiate a battle simple enough. Usually your hand will always start with an imperial and either Overseeing it personnaly or Necklace. Those two cards are the deck. Immediately deploy an imperial and start the drains. Don’t worry about them battling you the first or second turns they will not have enough force. Immediately search for Palpy LOCATE him and deploy him as soon as possible. Try to figure what type of deck they are playing with to see if you can spread out or have a little power stacked up. I have only lost a couple games with this deck but the main thing is Palpy RULES

Why Alter/SenseI found out less and less people are playing with these cards, why not bring them back. Also people are playing less with Do or Do Not/Wise Advise your choice. I hate Asteroid Sanctuary and Goo Nee Tay.

Why Ommni Box & It’s Worse I hate counters, mess with their head. It’s worse is always a surprise for huge loss of force.

Space EAZY they are dead. Give them about 6 or 7 turns.

Ground Unless they are playing with speeders no trouble. Weak pathetic fools.

Cards to watch out for Ounee Ta; Menace Fades; Damn undercover spies.

Some considerations Try using Sniper cards maybe instead of bith shuffles.  '