---
layout: post
author: Brett "B.S." Severson
title: 'My Dreaded Imperial StarFleet'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-16
description: 'Endor Ops. Drains big in space. Uses Characters for massive beatdowns and for holding endor.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting 8:

Endor Operations/ Imperial outpost

Endor: Landing Platform
Endor: Bunker
Endor
Battle Order
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization Points
Prepared Defenses

 May start other effects, it depends on what deck your playing

Characters 18:

Lord Vader
Darth Vader DLOTS
Emperor Palpatine
Mara Jade the Emperors Hand
Prince Xizor
Grand Moff Tarkin
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Captain Gilad Pellaeon
Sim Aloo
Lt. Arnet
Commander Igar
Colonel Dryer
4-Lom with Concussion Rifle
Dr. E and Ponda B.
Biker Scout Trooper x4

Starships 8:

Executor
Chimaera
Visage
Thunderflare
Devastator
Accuser
Bossk in Bus
Boba Fett in Slave 1

Vehicles 6:
Tempest 1
Tempest Scout 1
Speeder Bike x4

Interrupts 3:
Force Lightning
Twi&#8217;lek Advisor
The Circle Is Now Complete

Effects 6:
Ominous Rumors
Established Secret Base
Search and Destroy
Aratech Corporation
There is No Try and Oppressive Enforcement
No Escape

Weapons 3:
Vader&#8217;s Lightsaber 
Darth Vader&#8217;s Lightsaber
Mara Jades Lightsaber

Sites 3:
Endor: Forest Clearing
Endor: Ancient Forest
Endor: Bunker

Systems 4:
Carida
Rendili
Kessel
Bespin

Admirals Order 1:
Were in Attack Position Now




Strategy: 

Card Change: take a twilek out for closed door.

This is Your Basic Endor Ops except with star destroyers instead of Interceptors.

Basicly just get your sites out asap. Get Biker scouts or an atst to hol them, play ominous and established and your set. Accompany your speeders and atst’s with a compliment of characters so they will not get beatdown on. Force drain and the game should be over. Also be aggressive with this deck, battle battle battle!

In space set up a super chimaera and get out executor as fast as you can. Once that is done You can deploy your other stardestroyers when you draw them. As for the Bounty Hunters use those guys to hold down smaller force draining systems.

Play Smart against even the easiest apponent and you’ll do well. In playtesting, this deck has not lost yet, but I’ll update you when it has and from what deck.

Now For matchups:

Rebel Strike Team: A not popular deck in my area, thank god, but even whem i play this deck there is a strategy to win. Your obviously not getting established or ominous to work so lose them for force drains. Guard the bunker at all costs!! Use Closed door to keep those pesky rebels out. if they cant get into the bunker, there screwed. Play smart and be smart in battles, dont take any chances! In the end you should win, if you play smart. If they’re not blowing up the bunker forget about it. Only deploy a few guys to the bunker. Use the rest to battle with. If you Battle Smart you should chaulk one up in the wins colum.

Dantooine Base Operations:
Start with No Escape and the game is handed to you, set up your drains, invade thier planet.

Echo Base Operations: Dont worry about them, set up your drains and prepare for battle in space! this deck will be tough in space, but drain at endor too. If you battle smart you should win, but it will be close.

Hidden Base: Play it like your playing Echo Base.

Watch your step: Set up your drains, drain, and stop him or her from making kessell runs.

Mind What you have learned: This is easy, Set up your drains and drain. Send some to daggobah to invade and slow down there testing, by the the time they get to five your should have drained them out.

these are all the popular decks in my area.

Any suggestions would be appreciatted
if you want a matchup on here d-mail me about it.  