---
layout: post
author: ! Jared "Don_Yoda" Arthur
title: ! "Better Watch Your Step....."
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-22
description: ! 'This is a deck that that uses a lot of different ideas and some very new ideas, mostly drain and battle'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting Stuff
Watch Your Step/This....
Tatooine
Cantina
Docking Bay
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Your Insights Serve You Well
Wise Advise/Do or Do Not
Squadron Assignments

Characters
Dash Rendar x2
Captain Han Solo x2
EPP Chewie x2
Lando with Vibro Axe x2
Boussh x2
Wedge
Mirax
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout
Melas
Talon Karrde
Bantha Droid

Ships
Millenium Falcon
Outrider
Pulsar Skate
Red Squadron 1

Effects
Strike Force
Battle Plan
Echo Base Garrison
Bacta Tank
What are you Trying to Push on Us? x2
Nightfall x2
Menace Fades
Aim High

Interrupts
Double Agent x2
Effective Repairs
Bith Shuffle/Desperate Reach x2
The Signal x3
Lost in the Wilderness x2
Out of Commission/Transmission Terminated x3
Fallen Portal x2
Control/Tunnel Vision x2

Misc
I’ll Take the Leader x2
Kessel
Luke’s Lightsaber '

Strategy: '

***Update, I took out a Boussh for a Corrn Horn

The Main Reason for posting this deck is I could use some feedback on it.
I want to put in Tatooine Celebration & Draw Their Fire, cus they are good.
First off, yes there are spies in this, dont be confused by this.
Nightfall is the most amazing card, it says spies deploy for FREE, so why not.
Turns out when Boussh and Lando come down for FREE, thats pretty good.
This is a solid deck, not much more than that, explanations for cards below
Yall know how to beat your opponents deck, this is an effecient way to do it.

Ships
There are 4 ships in this deck, thats all you need
They can hold their own, just leave them at Kessel & Drain for 3 the Entire game, plus there are 2 Hans & Dash
Your little pimp droid is also very cool

Ill Take the Leader is awesome
Force Drain plus 1 at the Docking Bay, Immunity, and makes most bounty hunter ships power -2

Lukes
Jedi Luke, duh
Scout Luke, keep Vader away just incase for Bring Him

Effects

Strike Force says if you control your docking bay that you are draining for 2, with fallen portals and mains, they cant stop your drain for 3 at Kessel

Battle Plan says if you control those 2 locations it doesnt affect you, and hopefully your opponent

Echo Base Garrison Good Card, gets Bacta Tank, another good Card, & Bantha Droid, another very good card

Nightfall amazing, lando and leia deploy for free, if Jade stops by, Double Agent her, theres only like 10 cards in the deck with a low enough destiny to miss, I think those are the characters she is coming too...	)

Menace Fades One of the only things to help you against Major Drains

Aim High One of the only things to help you against Retrieval

STARTING EFFECT-Your Insights Serve You Well, can get 4 of these effects, whatever you need at the time....Get

Effective Repairs is a great card to get back any effect and you can do it twice since your objective is Pimp

Lost in the Wilderness, underestimated card, wins games, especially for me when Xizor, Vader, Emperor, or some random mofo in your way tries to drain.

Fallen Portal, If you dont know what this does..... Im sorry

Control Tunnel Vision Extremely Versitile Card.

This is a really basic deck for those of us that have a few mains, and no palace raiders and whatnot.
Thanks for checking it out and please post comments so I can tweak it a little more.
'