---
author: Justin "MoffWicket" Alfs
title: 'Forbidden Cheese'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-01
description: 'This deck is dispicable.  It makes for a Negative Playing Experience.'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

Starting:
MWYHL
Dagobah
Heading...
Insight
Battle Plan
Aim High

Characters:
TK-422
Boushh
Luke w/saber

Locations:
Yoda’s Hut
Swamp
Jungle
Bog Clearing

Starships:
Y-wing x2

Devices:
Landing Claw x2

Effects:
Traffic Control
Honor of the Jedi
Anger, Fear, Aggression x7
Stone Pile x2

Interrupts:
The Signal x5
Surprise Assault x10
TT/OOC x4
On the Edge x3

Misc. 6s and or 7s x10





Strategy: 

The goal of this deck is to either get a timed win or make your opponent give up out of annoyance.  Just make sure to duck if he swings at you.

MWYHL is there for force activation and S/A protection.  A Hidden Base start could get a little better activation, but it won’t protect from S/A, which may be key.

Battle Plan and Aim High slow your opponent down as much as possible.  Insight is there for you to fetch Honor.  Unless you know your opponnent is playing odds, get out Honor every game.  It will hurt HD a little until they get Vader out.  No Escape hurts of course, but that’s why there are 4 TT/OOCs.  If you don’t play against HD, put lots of stuff OOP so they can’t retrieve as much.  Honor also stops a multitude of other pesky things, such as Search & Destroy, Court, Abilty3, etc.

Cause damage with AFA and Surprise @ssault.  Undercover spies are in there to take care of drains caused by high power guys.  Likewise for the ships and Landing Claws.

Use On the Edge on your spies to make the game last a little longer.  Pray that Coward isn’t out.

Stone pile is in because it’s a hella cool card that usually never makes the cut.  You might get lucky with it and take a grabber or vader or something cool.

Luke is for BHBM.  Suicide runs can be cool if your opponent is really dumb and leaves wusses alone, otherwise just give Luke to Vader and let the fun begin.

This deck obviously is not for everyone, i.e, people with integrity.  If you use this you should be ashamed of yourself. 