---
layout: post
author: ! Brian "HuntaWarya" Hunter
title: ! 'Throne Room Mains done RIGHT aka No R3 on Y4'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-11-07
description: ! 'Good ol Mains.  Nothin beats Mains.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

' 
Locations (10)
Y4 Throne Room
Home One docking bay
Coruscant docking bay
Kessel
Home One War room
Yoda’s Hut
Rendezvous Point
Jedi Council Chamber
Slave Quarters x2

Characters (19)
EPP Luke x2
EPP Obi-Wan x2
EPP Qui-Gon x2
EPP Leia x2
Captain Han Solo x2
Mirax Terrik
Phylo Gandish
Corran Horn
Dash Rendar
Yoda, Senior Council Member
Plo Koon
Schmi Skywalker
3PO w/ Parts Showing
Padme Naberrie

Starships (3)
Outrider
Millennium Falcon x2

Interrupts (17)
HFTMF
Speak with the Jedi Council x2
A few maneuvers
SATM/Blaster Proficiency
Sense x2
Alter
Darklighter Spin/AWRI
On the Edge x2
Houjix/Out of Nowhere
Jedi’s Resilience x3
Punch It
Mindful of the Future

Effects (11)
Insurrection/Aim High
Bacta Tank
YISYW/Staging Areas
Honor of the Jedi
Squadron Assignments
Revolution x3
Don’t do that again
Goo nee tay
A tragedy has occurred
'

Strategy: '

Starting Setup
Start the Throne room, with HFTMF.  Start Insurrection/Aim High.  For your other two effects, choose any two out of YISYW/Staging Areas, Squad Assignments, and Don’t Do That Again

Early Game
Put out some 2/0 sites.  If you get an early "speak with the jedi council", you can use it to pull the council chamber.  just make sure it is there first, by using insurrection to get your Home One docking bay.  Same is true if you get an early slave quarters, check to see that Schmi is in reserve deck, go get her, and she can get 3PO, who will help you recycle high destiny cards you don’t need, to get to your sites.  Use the council chamber to pull yoda.  If you don’t expect much trouble on the ground, you can move him out to the Coruscant Docking bay.  Revo any of the opponent’s locations that are vulnerable.  

Mid Game/Late Game  
Mid and Late game are basically the same for this deck.  Continue using 3po/mirax to get the cards you need, and set up weapon/battle destiny draws.  You can use Mindful of the Future to pull Kessel, and Squadron Assignments will make it extremely easy to set up in space.  Or, if they were already in space, use your ships to attack instead.  Make continual strikes on your opponent’s ground forces, using Jedi’s resilience and bacta tank to recur your EPPs.  Play on the Edge a time or two to retrieve other key cards.  Once all opposition has been destroyed, you can safely drain at your opponent’s locations.  Or, if you come up with a late game revo, you might end up draining at the throne room instead.  

Card choices
Coruscant Db/Kessel - Gives yourself two battlegrounds to work at, in case your opponent isn’t doing anything.  You can satisfy battle order, and CHYBC, and drain for a decent amount.

Speak with the Jedi Council - Gets the Council Chamber, obviously.  But can also be used to pull Plo Koon from the reserve deck.

Plo Koon - An absolute monster at the JCC.  Forces redraws of either weapon or battle destiny, practically guaranteeing that your epps will never be hit by weapons, so their forfeit will cover any battle damage you incur on your suicide strikes.  With him and Captain Han, you can actually force two redraws per turn in space, which is huge.  He is also a jedi master, which means 7 ability for sense/alter, and an extra icon of force generation.

Sense/Alter - Just enough to keep your opponent on their toes.  You can sense a key hidden weapons/imperial command, or alter that lateral damage.  Then your opponent will be forced to consider burning a defensive shield to keep your SAC under control, only to find out that you weren’t running much at all.  But with 3PO and Mirax out, if they DON’T stop your sense/alter, a little goes a long way.  

Honor of the Jedi - Could conceivably slow down direct damage from Black Sun, Visage, Watto, etc. until you have enough time to set up.  Also prevents your opponent from draining at your 2/0 and 3/0 locations (even if No Escape is out)

Insight/Staging Areas - You’ve got the docking bay, might as well activate another force there.  Can also pull Honor or Squadron Assignments.  And since you don’t have a sideboard, this is your best defense against a rogue 3720 to 1 or scanning crew.  

Darklighter Spin/All Wings - Get around Guri.  Nuff said.  

The Grabber - Just plain versatile.  Stop recurring Imperial Commands, Imperial barriers, None Shall Pass, All power to weapons, force field, or anything else your opponent might be doing that annoys you.  

Don’t Do That Again - Well, you can’t use the sideboard card, but you can still use the original

Silly Questions
"What about TIEs/Big Blue?"
Those decks are pretty much history.  The new light objective will have big unblockable drains that those decks just can’t handle.  Aim High from sideboard can slow down TIE swarm’s retrieval, and the Grabber from sideboard can take care of Imperial Command or All Power to Weapons.  For those reasons, space-oriented dark decks will see a serious decline, and every dark deck should be geared to fight on the ground, which obviously plays into the hands of this deck.

"What if you lose a Sac War?"
DS SAC is in trouble.  WYS kills it outright, MWYHL makes it near-useless, and now any deck without SAC will have DODN/Wise Advice in the sideboard.  The odds of running up against a DS SAC deck are slim to none.  But even if you DO lose a SAC war, it only cost you a couple cards anyway.

"What about the new Dark objective?"
That is the deck this one is most specifically designed to kill.  Enhanced mains on suicide runs is easily the best way to counter-act the Naboo dark jedi objective.  If you ignore them, you get drained for a ton.  If you go after them with non-jedi, you lose a character during each of their control phases.  If you deploy the big monstrous "docking bay mains" and move them onto Naboo, the dark side will get a chance to lightsaber combat you before you can battle them.  The best way is definitely just to drop epps straight on their head, and whack em with sabers.  Your activation advantage will be extreme, especially with help from DDTA, revolution, and goo nee tay.  

Well, that’s about it.  Enjoy.  ) '