---
author: brad "swccguy" eier
title: 'watto choke. YES R3'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-11-05
description: 'watto deck. chokes the opponent by forcing them to pay for anything and everything they do.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

no $, no parts/watto

blockhead bridge
ds2 db
tat db
mos db
tat mos espa
tat wattos yard

ozzel
new fett
boelo
tat maul
epp vader
gm tarkin
dr e and pondo b
elephant mon
Feltipern Trevagg
gen veers
Gragra
janus
p59, foil shiny i’ll sell it for 10.00
xizor
televen koreyy
watto! x 3

blizz 4
B.S. 1
temp. scout 3
temp scout 5

bossk in ya
dreadnaught class heavy cruiser
zuckuss with your mom

trample x 3
gHHHk combo x 2
its worse combo
wattos chance cube
imperial comand
projective telepathy, x 2
we must acc our plan x 2
prepd defense
control/sfs

ability,a,a
bad feeling have i
BROKEN concentration
hutt influence
his name is aniken
iao/plans
power of hutt -i cant believe its a foil
search and destroy
sec prec
wipe them out, ALL OF THEM
first strike
sebulbas podracer
fear is my ally

let fate decide, huh
fanfair
chybc
ychf
useless gesture
never win race
allegations of grrabber
code clearace
resistance
oppressive (can switch for the other sac killer, not sure which isd  better yet)


Strategy: 

strat
1. flip fast and do dammage.
2. use resistance, projective and stuff to slow what opponent does. 
3. reinforce tat or do hit and run with extra guys

ok first always pull watto from the deck. if you have a cheap guy like korrey or anus deploy them to flip. if not use power of the hutt to pull a guy. else use it to pull hutt influence, that card wins games. flip and lay wattos cube which will cycle into the deck and opponent loses 2.  the next few turns consist of reinforcing your sites on tat and finding defensive stuff. you only really need to hold 3 sites but there are 4 bgs incase something happens.  the walkers+ trample is a good combo. the deck works because you slow the opponent and choke him and so fast damage eats him before he can respond. alternate damage comes from aaa and search/destroy. i may add no escape, but so far i don’t need it. i can get 3 bg fast plus not as many people use honor. 

new dueler-resistance is good. you get good activation so use it. dammage fast.  i’d stay away from naboo unless you have a really strong attack force.

wys-fast damage. trample is huge. his name anakin is also big. use the new card to stop interrupt abuse. its not easy but you can win.

hbflip-hutt influence. trample spys. direct damage. oh yeah theres that 1 card thats good vs hb, whats its name, like security something or whatever

qmc-interesting match. they have good drains and decent retrevial. i would setup lightly (1 or 2 sites) at tat, then try for beats on cc or at bespin. you may be able to make them lose key cards early, which will help.

other-be agressive. flip fast then draw defensive cards. you hve the advantage most of the time so use it.

lmk what ya think. 