---
author: Jeff "Jazz" Heinz
title: Tusken Raiders: the true power of Tatooine
side: Dark
date: 2001-02-10
description: Drains, banthas, power, banthas, tusken raiders, banthas, oh yes, did I mention it had banths.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting:
Combat Readiness
Tatooine: Jabbas Palace
Tatooine: Mos Eisley

Locations:
Jabba’s Palace: Audience Chamber
Jabba’s Palace: Lower Passages
Tatooine: Lars Moisture Farm
Tatooine: Tusken Canyon
Tatooine: Jundland Wastes
Tatooine: Docking Bay 94

Vehicles:
URoRRuR’R’R’s Bantha
Bantha x5

Starships:
Flagship Executer
Dreadnought x2
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Characters:
Tusken Raiders x10
URoRRuR’R’R
RR’uruurrr x2
Taym Dren-garen x2
Mara Jade
Darth Vader w/lightsaber
Boba Fett w/gun
Jabba
Prince Xizor
Barquin D’an

Weapons:
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

Effects:
Bantha Herd x2
Den of thieves
Reactor Terminal

Interrupts:
Elis Helrot
Imperial Barrier x2
Twi’lek Advisor x3
Monnok
Abyssin Ornament x2
Bantha Fodder x3
Control x2
Jabba’s Twerps

60 cards 

Strategy: 

The idea of this deck is to drain on tatooine and squelch any opposition that comes your way. Use Combat Readiness to get out the palace and mos eisly so you are guarenteed five force to start. Pull out audience chamber with the palace if possible but if not pull out the lower passages.
Use audience chamber to pull out jabba, but only if you have characters in hand to protect him. Then use Bantha fodder to get Taym and put him at the audience chamber. Deploy more sites with two tuskens per bantha and make sure you leave force to react. With RR’uruurrr, banth herd, and ability, your destiny draws will be good, enough to take out that pesky Ben Kenobe and Luke Combo. Plus, with forfiet being five, tusken raiders provide for a good amount damage protection. Deploy Fett, Mara, and Xizor to either protect Jabba, or go to opponents sites, and save your starships to suprise opponent in space. Jabba’s Twerps can be used to retrieve cards accidentally lost by drains, or to bring out a suprise force of tuskens. Den of thieves to block drains, and control to cancel senses toward your reacts. After a few battles, your opponent will be losing too many mains and/or force to continue much longer. When you feel time is right, abyssin to retrieve force and keep your drains alive. Remember that if Taym dies, you will only be able to have four tuskens at a site, and the opponent will definately go for him or jabba at some point. This deck may not always win, but it will keep your losses to a minimum. I did lose to a speedy ebo/x-wing deck played by a great player, but by single digits. Anyways I hope you have fun with it because that’s what it was made for!  