---
layout: post
author: ! Adam "ADrake" Drake
title: ! 'Just Another HB Fakeout Mains Deck...'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-13
description: ! 'Everyone else is doing it... Utilizes HB to set up important systems. Recycles big destinies for opportunistic battles and retrieval.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting Stuff
Hidden Base/Blah blah blah... (Objective)
Rendezvous Point
Corulag (HB Indicator)
HFTMF
Insurrection
Squadron Assignments
Staging Areas

Characters
LSJK x2
Luke, Scout 
Ben Kenobi x3
Capt. Solo x2
Leia w/ Gun x2
Lando w/ axe x2
Chewbacca, Protector
Wedge, RSL
Yoda
Dash Rendar
Orrimaarko

Starships
Falcon x2
Outrider
Red Squadron 1

Weapons
Luke’s Stick x2
Obi’s Stick x2

Interrupts
On The Edge x3
Fallen Portal x3
Fall of the Legend x2
OOC/TT x2
Courage of a Skywalker x2
Throw Me Another Charge x2
Glancing Blow
The Signal
Run, Luke, Run
Rebel Barrier

Effects
Traffic Control
YISYW
DODN/WA

Locations
Tatooine
Dagobah
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Tatooine DB 94
Home One DB
Spaceport DB

Admiral’s Orders
I’ll Take The Leader
'

Strategy: '

UPDATE 
number 1 I do not need OMDH in this deck, I am playing with On the Edge. 

Strategy Do I really need to go over this?

First turn Pull Dagobah, Yodas Hut, and Home One DB. Deploy a low budget character to the Home One DB. This will net you a huge amount of force on your second turn, when you will deploy Tatooine and a DB to the system (either DB 94 or Spaceport DB, whichever one you can get) After that, take the battle to your opponent. Drop Yoda to the Hut to reduce attrtion.This deck is extremely versatile, and with the retrieval, should hold its own against most deck types.

Matchups

HDADTJ This deck was built in response to the influx of HD in the atlanta area. Hold your anti-duel cards until they drop on you. If you track well enough, this matchup should be a laugher.

TIES Stay on the ground until the opportune moment to strike. Build up the super Falcon in hand, and drop the Adm. Order when you are ready to battle. One massive beating should scare your opponent into not messing with you. With the bonuses from the Sticks, you should be draining for 4+ a turn. Retrieve mid to late game. Tough but beatable.

MKOS/Court This is a tough, but fun matchup. Most of your forces are tatooine based, so if you cannot deploy to the Palace, walk in, use your Portals and use Chewie’s game text to hurt their minor characters. Have fun

BHBM Give ’em Luke. You should be able to pick your battles, and with the Fallen Portals, you should not lose many. 

I know that every deck has problems with a certain kind of deck, and this one is no exception.I know it is not the most original thing out there, but this deck works extremely well, and any suggestions will be taken under advisement.   '