---
author: Luca "Luca/Tzizvvt" Costanzo
title: E1: My Lord, Are Those Frequent Flyer Miles?
side: Dark
date: 2001-10-12
description: My answer to senators being by far the best E1 deck.  In a word, solid.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

THGG/We&#8217;ll Need A New One
Amex Will Be Just Dandy
Outskirts
Junkyard
Podrace Arena
Anakin&#8217;s Pod
Boonta Eve Podrace
//Starting Effect//
Podrace Prep

(3) Qui Gon Jinn
(2) Obi-Wan Kenobi, Crappy Wannabe
Depa Billaba
Shmi
3P0
Jar Jar Binks
Padme Naberrie
Sache&#8217;
Valorum
(2) Palpatine
(2) Yarua
Tendau Bendon
Horox Ryyder
Lliana Merian

(3) Slave Quarters
Jedi Council Chamber

(2) Qui-Gon&#8217;s Stick

(2) Speak With The Jedi Council
(3) I&#8217;ve Decided To Go Back
(3) ASB
(2) Too Close For Comfort
(3) Sense
(4) Alter
Losing Track
(2) Reveal Ourselves To The Jedi
(2) We Wish To Board Immediately
(2) --------------------------------------------> Destiny 5 interrupts.

I Did It!

Brisky Morning Munchen
A Tragedy Has Occurred
Security Control 

Strategy: 

Response To Reviews: 

This deck seems to really bring out the stupidity in people:

Garion- This deck is in the right place.  I ticked the box that said it is an E1 deck in the submission wizard.  I also stated that it is E1 in the title.  What more can I do?

Maulatov- Umm ... when you flip the objective, the senators do direct damage.  You can use ”I’ve Decided To Go Back” to add battle destiny with them.  Yarua is 3 force for power 5.  Palpatine + I’ve Decided To Go Back = 2 destinies, which should clear pretty much any site.  Yes, they do happen to be fodder.  Seeing as Maul’s stick is the only gun that reduces forfeit (no-one plays the droid gun), that’s a good thing.  What other characters are there for light in E1 at the moment, anyway?  What, you want me to play handmaidens or something?  Turbo Phylo Gandish?  5 Obi, 5 Qui-Gon and nothing else?  Jedi Council Members and relocate them with Yoda?

zwitter- yes, E1 is sad.  look at the deck.  still, it’s a refreshing break from complicated metagaming ...

Platypus- Why would I play a character that I’ve already explained is crap for one specific matchup when I can already start with BMM to guarantee a Jar Jar, who shouldn’t die too easily?  If you’re tracking, you should be able to kill Maul anyway.  If you need a weapon, you’ve got Qui-Gon’s friggin Stick!  Are you seriously trying to convince me that Panaka’s Gun has a better chance of hitting anything?  If it made the target F=0, then I’d consider it, but it doesn’t.

Leesub- get it right.  They were boxer shorts.

Well, at least I haven’t had anyone telling me that I need to play Lukes yet ...

Anyway, sorry about that rant!

Intro: 

I was prompted to post this deck by two things.  Firstly, R3 will be released soon, which will change the whole environment.  Secondly, Mike Raveling posted a light E1 deck which is, in my opinion, the best light E1 deck.  Unfortunately, it got some shabby reviews.  If you’ve got a few secs, why don’t you check it out :P

Let’s begin with some specifics: 

What are the two destiny 5 interrupts?

Well, that’s up to you.  You can pretty much chose from A Step Backwards, Changing The Odds, Might Of The Republic, Too Close For Comfort or New Leadership Is Needed.  Each one has its benefits.  At the mo, I’m thinking of trying the New Leaderships to put Lott back after killing Maul.  If you don’t want a more solid and less dinky deck, go for one more A Step Backwards and one Might Of The Republic.

Two Reveal Ourselves To The Jedi?

SAC is HUGE in Episode 1.  If you play this at the right time, it will win you SAC wars.  It is IMMUNE TO SENSE when taking out doubles.  

Locations?

Senate generates hardly anything.  When this gets into full swing, you will generate far more.  This means that you can do more with less characters and SAC because you can draw more of it.  It also means that you can draw and dump more fodder at the junkyard to take on that Maul that will always be there and afford to use Reveal Ourselves.

But 3 Slave Quarters?  C’mon!

Only two twixes in E1 format.  Get them both out and get some generation.  3 Slave Quarters + Shmi + 3P0 gives you a damned good shot at getting out 3P0 early, which gives you a huge advantage over any dark deck, as you can cycle and track much better and earlier.

Depa Billaba?

I don’t like having more or less useless interrupts floating around my deck, so I added in Dep.  Her ability is useful and she can defend the Jedi Council Chamber.  No Yoda because I find him completely useless, if you want replace her with a Yoda (actually, I like the R3 one ... but this is pre-R3).

Where’s Panaka?

We all laugh at people who play him in constructed.  Hell, in constructed Mara Jade doesn’t even cut it, so why should he?  Basically, he’s two cards and at best adds 3 to your power and makes your opponent lose two.  Whenever your opponent slices him (or shoots him), they gain card advantage.  Instead, you can use the I’ve Decided To Go Back with pretty much anyone.

So let’s go into how it plays now:  

Your opponent will probably have the generation advantage in the first few turns.  This will be slightly offset if they use Sebulba’s Pod.  9 out of 10 decks will start with Maul’s Hut.  Deploy the Junkyard on the other end of Tatooine.  This will give you a turn or two to stack if they’re too cheap to pay for Maul.  Maul is actually pretty much the only thing that’s going to stop this flipping.  Destroyer droids and Watto just won’t do it, especially if Jar Jar shows up.  Obviously, there are two objectives early in the game:

1. Flip
2. Win the podrace

You can flip in spite of Maul because you can activate more than any deck with Maul in it that I’ve seen.  As I already explained, this means that you can draw more stuff to beat on Maul (Yarua/Obi-Wan, I’ve Decided To Go Back, Jar Jar/BMM, scrubs) and win SAC wars (umm ... SAC and Reveal Ourselves).  Don’t be afraid to use lots of cards to beat Maul off the Junkyard.  You will hopefully retrieve all of them from the podrace.

Later on in the game, if you’ve flipped and won the podrace, winning the game should be a breeze.  Set up 3P0 (if you haven’t already), start tracking, grab some senators and retrieving with your objective.  You can use Palpatine/Valorum + I’ve Decided To Go Back where necessary to clear out sites.

Don’t Forget: 

*Stacking Sense is probably worth it.  If I Did It hits the table, your opponent won’t really be Sensing during your turn.

*Use We Wish To Board Immediately to search for ASB, 2 Close 4 Comfort and Losing Track as needed.

*Speaking of 2 Close 4 Comfort, half of the time it should cancel Maul’s swing.

*I’ve Decided To Go Back + Flipped Objective = 2 Battle Destiny every battle.

*Sache’ is a pimp.

*Late game you may be able to spread with a senator at each Tat battleground by protecting them with Obi-Wan.

Matchups: 

Senate 

Use senators and New Leadership at your discretion to screw them.  Alter their political effects where possible.  Against Dredlox’s deck, Reveal can and will win games.  Oh yeah, start with the grabber for probably Sense or The Point Is Conceded (so that they can’t use Point/Wipe to recycle senators) as necessary.

Watto 

Start BMM.  Use JJ to kill Watto whenever you can.  Let them put two or so guys down to Mos Espa, then drop A4 guys and use 2 destinies to kill them (if you happen to have Palpatine or Valorum, otherwise ignore them).

Racing 

Umm ... try and win the race.  If you can’t, you should be able to try and flip and keep on pimp slapping them to death with senators.

Space 

Who plays space?  Naboo drain will irritate you, the others won’t really matter.  Podrace + Objective = lots of damage = you win.  

Anything Else 

E1 is so limited at the moment that you should still be able to stick to the plan.

So, yeah, have fun with it,

Luca/Tzizvvt       