---
layout: post
author: Hayes "Hayes" Hunter
title: 'Hayes WYS'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-18
description: ! '... Umm, everyone else is doing it?'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (7)
Corellia
Home One Docking Bay
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Kessel
Tatooine
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Docking Bay 94

Characters (17)
Boushh	x3
Captain Han Solo  x2
Dash Rendar  x2
LE-BO2D9 (Leebo)  x2
Luke Skywalker
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Melas
Mirax Terrik
Ralltiir Freighter Captain
Talon Karrde
Tamtel Skreej
Wedge Antilles

Starships (7)
Artoo-Detoo In Red 5
Millennium Falcon  x2
Outrider  x2
Pulsar Skate
Red Squadron 1

Interrupts (13)
A Few Maneuvers
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Houjix & Out Of Nowhere
Hyper Escape  x2
Local Defense
Out Of Commission & Transmission Terminated
Rebel Barrier  x2
The Signal  x2
Transmission Terminated  x2

Effects (13)
Insurrection
Kessel Run  x4
Legendary Starfighter
Nightfall  x2
Order To Engage
Projection Of A Skywalker
Squadron Assignments
Undercover
Your Insight Serves You Well

Admiral’s Orders (2)
I’ll Take The Leader  x2

Unknown Type
Watch Your Step/This Place Can Be a Little Rough

'

Strategy: '

Oops, I forgot to add a grabber... so do that

Neh, everyone else has been doing these WYS decks, and people have been bugging me about mine, so here’s the one I’ve been toolin’ around with.  I’ll say right now, it’s not that strong of a deck, as the objective isn’t very good, but it can win a good amount of it’s games.

Basic Concept
It’s WYS, so that means Kessel Runs.  Basically this deck uses Nightfall on Tatooine to get around the +6 deploy for your (undercover) spies.  You try to limit the damage the opponent can do to you, retrieve alot of force, and beat them up in space.

The Start
The objective gives you a nice 5/2 force icon advantage with the now 2/0 Cantina, DB94, and the Tat system.  Use HFTMF to get Squass, YISYW, and Insurrection.	Use Squass to help get your starships out, and Insurrection and WYS to get your locations out, starting with a docking bay, and Corellia first turn, and Kessel and the second DB the next.  Remember the objective doesn’t make you deploy the locations- it lets you pull em to hand, so you don’t need to deploy Kessel until you’re ready.  Flipping isn’t actually all that essential for this deck’s success, but you’ll want to do so for added fighting power in space, the SAC protection, and that nifty ability to play interrupts from your lost pile.	Due to the large number of ”escape” cards like Barrier and Hyper Escape, it’s pretty easy to get 2 ships at 2 systems.

Midgame
Just play smart.  Don’t get stressed when your lost pile grows, as you’ll be able to retrieve 7 (or 9 with the Skate) force per Kessel Run.  Keep draining at Kessel and run from any fights you don’t want to get into, and then pile it on when you get your forces organized.

Endgame Retrieval is fun )

What about Secret Plans?  Saving 7 or 9 force isn’t that hard.  Really.

What about SSPFT?  No worries, the Outrider already places the KRuns OOP.  You don’t need to complete more than 4 in a game anyway- it’s not like this deck is unable to deal damage (it had Legendary starfighter, OTE, leebo pinging them for 1, and that nice fat drain at Kessel)

Card Selection By Type

Locations- all pullable via WYS and Insurrection, giving you a decent amount of force quickly, and providing the key components for the deck.

Characters- Cap’n and Dash are the key smugglers, as their ships pack the most punch in a fight, Luke is there for BHBM, primarily (give them Jedi, when you need to), the other guys are just fodder really.  Leebo is to get the hyperspeed necessary for completeing the runs, Boussh is awsome, and Tamtel can fetch Undercover.  A cool thing to do with the spies, espically Boussh, is to break cover, then let the opponent waste a turn and some valuable resources beating them down, instead trying to combat you in space, and Houjix with the combo card, then redeploy them next turn.  The cool thing is you can do this again with the 7 side of the objective.

Starships- Just the 7.	Doubles of the most important ones for fighting.  All of these ships are compatible with I’ll Take The Leader (a killer card) and Squass.

Interrupts- A Few Maneuvers if Leebo is vacationing, Houjix & OON is killer either way, Hyper Escape and Barriers are standard escape cards, Local Defense is a used destiny 4 that let’s you get an independat ship into hand.  Hyper Escape is also great for helping complete a leg of a Kessel Run.  Lots of Visage hate since you won’ be putting luke (or obi) down, plus you can play all of them once they are lost.  The Signal to fetch what you need.

Effects- (not including starting ones) 4 KRuns is the perfect # since you’ll be placing them out of play with the Outrider, and your opponent may be packing Oota-Goota.	Legendary Starfighter can work on 3 ships in the deck (2 Falcons, and Artoo in Boat) and it’s game winner.  Nightfall is essential for getting Boussh and Tamtel down- you should Signal for that first.	Order to Engage to chase them in space once, and to cause damage in conjunction with the escape cards.	POAS if needed on a DB, and Undercover for Tamtel.

AOs- I’ll Take The Leader rules.	I was playing my COTVG (not unlike Steven Lewis’) and I had every single ship in the deck (like 6) at a system and my bro had it out my total power was something like 8.  This card kills TIES, and any dark deck that relies on independant starships.

Match-Ups

Vs BHBM- Abuse the pull luke text, like any other game, but eventually you’ll want to give them Jedi luke to start their objective to work.  You’re retrieval will keep you in this game, and you’re high destiny assures you won’t lose many duels.

Vs COTVG- Undercover spies satisfy the 0 side, and stop some drains.  What damage on the ground you can’t stop on the ground is easily retrieved.  You’ll encounter little to no opposition in space, so you’re retrieval and drains at kessel and other systems will go easily.  Try to Barrier one of their few ships and lay down the law (what does that mean?).

Vs EOPS- Eh? Haven’t seen this in while, but I’ll throw it in the mix. Basically, for once, you’ll encounter a good fight in space.  You’re spies will secure the ground easily, so just worry about utilizing your barriers and hyperescapes.	Don’t let them get many drains in and use the fact that they require alot of cards on the table to your advantage.  Your mad retrieval will let you out last them.  If this is particular popular in your area make sure to include the grabber for Imperial Command.

Vs ROPS- A tough match for sure, but I haven’t seen it in a long long while.  The only chance of winning you have is to get your undercover spies out fast, and take over the system.  If you can break cover and reflip them (because you’re at the system) you can win.  You’re retrieval is key in this game.  Try to always drain at kessel.

Vs HDADTJ- Plenty of anti visage, and enough undercover stuff to keep em busy for a while... hopefully long enough for your deck to whittle away at them.  Again, the KRuns extend your deck’s life considerably.

Vs MKOS- A harder game than CTOVG if they are running abyssian swarm, or some such, but inevitably they will run out of myos and nonuniques long before your retrieval and spies do.

Vs AOBS- A deck worse than COTVG or MKOS, as it can’t use scum as well as either, and it must rely on poor starships.  A relativly easy game.

Vs SYC SCUM- Same as AOBS.

Vs SYC TIES- I’ll Take the Leader.  If you’ve read my other decks you know there isn’t alot (any) of this in my area so I don’t feel the neseccity for another grabber, or aim high or whatever.  But if this deck is prevolent where you are, don’t hesitate to meta for it.

Vs CCT w/ Jabba’s Prize- this decktype is a joke.  It loses to anything.	Yeah it would give this deck more problems than most, as this deck relies on the Cap’n, but no one very good will play this deck, so you should be able to out play the opponent.  Besides, you’re only really losing one added destiny (you still draw 2 with 2 smugglers).

Umm, I’m tired, so if I forgot anything at all please dmail or email me or jsut put it in the review.  Look for another WYS variant on www.theforce.net/ccg/log soon  Catch you all later.

-Hayes ”Hayes” Hunter
'