---
layout: post
author: ! Fernando "Garion" Medalón
title: ! "x-wing/droids total power"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-12
description: ! 'Play with power, x-wings and droids are everything you need.'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'STARTING (7)
Hidden base/Sistems will...
Rendezvous Point
Kashyyk
Heading for the medical frigate
Your Insight servs you well
Do or do not/wise advice
Order to engage

LOCATIONS (5)
Sullust
Kashyyk
Kessel
Yavin 4
Coruscant

CHARACTERS (10)
Luke Skywalker Jedi Knight
8D8 x2
Artoo x2
R3-T2
R5-D4
WED9M1 Bantha Droid
R4-E1

STARSHIPS (14)
x-wing x11
Red squadron x-wing x3

EFFECTS (8)
Legendary Starfighter
Projection of a Skywalker x2
A gift
Rebel base
Honor of the jedi
Never tell me the odds x4

INTERRUPTS (13)
Organized attack x4
Rebel barrier x2
The signal x2
It could be worse x2
All the wings Report in x2
Transmission terminated/Out of comission
How did we get into this mess

WEAPONS (2)
x-wing laser cannon x2 '

Strategy: '

There are some mistakes in the card list (I am really upset, but Ive put an old one, and I havent change everything). The deck must contain one less x-wing laser cannon, and the numbers of some type of cards is also wrong; there are 10 (not 8) effects, 9 (not 10) characters, 1 (not 2) x-wing laser cannons and 14 (not 13) interrupts. That makes a 60 cards light deck. Again I am sorry.

This is a great deck. If tried it a lot and its really big. A lot of power an drains in space and great damage at ground.
Droids + Never tell me the odds makes a normal dark side deck a lot of damage early in the game. This will make your op weaker for post flip obj and great drains in Coruscant and Kessel.
X-wings + Organized attack makes you in space near unstoppable. And with 2 All wings repport in you can retrive a lot of force.
Some cards allows you to make more damage to the op, like Legendary starfighter or Order to engage.
You have Rebel fleet to stop great drains and when you flip Hidden base, you can cancell 3 drains per turn.
Why Luke in a droid deck? Simply, it has a big 6 destiny and against Bring Him Before Me decks its a big help, because it will stop yor op enought turns so you can make up your own strategy, and with him, Artoo and 8D8 on table, you have total destiny of 18 for Never tell me the odds; assuming an ops total destiny of 6-8 he will loose from 12 to 10 force most of the times (even more).
Projection of a Skywalker will stop those hateful drains of 1 force, and A gift, will kill a Court deck. How did we gett into this mess, its a big help for tracking your Never tell me the odds and more x-wings or droids to deploy.

Try it and tell me what you think about it. I think its a minimum 4 stars deck, so be good.
Thanks in advance for your suggestions.   '