---
author: chris "dannik" kriesel
title: 'Vile Gangster Done different'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-23
description: 'This deck is heavy character based and likes to battle with Ability, Ability, Ability crippling the opponent. If they choose not to fight and the Sarlacc there if they do! Very interactive and fun games with this deck. Hope you like it.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Court of the Vile Gangster/I shall Enjoy Watching..
JP:AC
JP:Dungeon
T:Great Pit of Crackoon
Prepared Defenses
All Wrapped Up
Power of the Hutt
No Bargain

Locations (3)
JP: Lower Passage
JP: Audience Chamber
Jabbas Boats Deck

Characters (26)
Jabba
Mighty Jabba
Jabba The Hut
Bib Fortuna
Snoova
Bane Malar
4-Lom w/gun x2
Dr.E and Walrus Baba
Fett w/gun x2
Mara Jade, TEH
Dengar w/double shooter
Miiyoom Onith 
Ree Yees
Chall Bekan
Boelo
Gailid x2
Jodo Kast
Dannik Jerriko MAN!!
Bossk w/gun
Ephant Mon
Prince Xizor
Mercenary Pilot

Creatures (2)
Bubo
Sarlacc

Ships/Vehicles (5)
Dengar in P1
ZiMH
BiHT
IG-88iIG-2000
Jabbas Sail Barge

Weapons (2)
Mara Jades Stick
Vibro-Ax

Effects
No Escape
Oppressive Enforcment/TiNT
Scum x2
Ability..
Expand The Empire
Theyll Be Hell..

Interupts
Masterful Move
Hutt Smooch
Ghhhk
Twilek Advisor
Elis Herlot
None Shall Pass x3 

Strategy: 

I believe I got all the apostrophes out. So, it should be an easy read. 

I always liked this objective, but every time I would see someone play it they had very 
few characters and lots of interupts. I love to battle. So, this deck can bring the forces 
and if they dont come to you. You can go to them or hit them with Ability,A,A for 
more damage. Capturing is not required, but if you pull it off once or twice that could 
be the game. 

First turn get out baby Jabba or the Barge and just take the force loss. Its only 1 
force!! Not a huge deal and will probably be a card retrived anyways. Try and get 
Scum set up right away w/Gailid for the added drains. You can deploy ships from you 
reserve. So, DO IT!! Battle with them and retrieve them and then pull them out again 
next turn. Pretty basic there. 

Card Explanations:
Hutt Smooch to get a spy out of JP or capture them! Expand the AC to pull more 
aliens from you reserve. Tired of Ben Kenobi bringing people back to life..battle 
w/him and 4-Lom and eat their soup of Ben or Luke or whomever. Snoova gets to 
capture guys and throw them in the pit. 

Decks

vs. WYS
Set up normal trying to get scum and the Barge. Capture his character and throw them 
in the PIT! That should take care of them deploy outside of the Cantina. Throw the 
other guy in the Pit w/the Sarlacc and lots of guys on the Barge laughing to make him 
lose force and you retrieve. That will be 5 for a Raider, 9 for Luke, 6-9 for Han, 6-8 
for Dash, 8-10 for Wedge. Does this sound too good to be true? Nope. Make them 
keep deploying to one site or lose force w/A,A,A. You spread and drain. Go to 
space w/Dengar and another ship. Kill them off. Should be able to keep up. Might be 
a close game if you make a mistake, but you should win.

vs. HB Mains
Find those NSP cards and get those going. Make sure to capture a character and 
throw them in. If they dont come to you. Youre drains w/Gailid, Court Damage, and 
A,A,A should keep them from doing too much. You have one grabber. Grab there 
retrieval card. Should be able to beat this deck.

vs. EBO
Time to see how good you are in space. No Decree means youll have to battle. They 
will let you do anything you want for awhile. So, get JPs working and Court Damage. 
If they dare drop an EPP character. Capture him!! That will hurt them a TON! A,A,A 
might not do too much, but in the beginning it might be huge. Pull ships from reserve 
and fight them in space. Close game, but very winnable.

vs. TRM (neo or old school)
Not a huge deal. Just grab their retrieval card. This will have lots of battles. So, use 
that to your advantage. If you can get the Sarlacc going all the better. Should be a 
interactive game w/your retrieval -edging- them out.

vs. Profit
I usually Start Jabba to get stuff to come down real cheap, and either Snoova or EPP 
Fett. Just keep them out of JP and Han under wraps. Or go with a Jade, Snoova start 
and move out of the AC for a turn later w/Jabba and Fett deploying there. Watch out 
for Sorry about the Mess, OrderToEngage. Should be able to out retrive and cause 
some nice drains in this game with all your characters. You will surely have more than 
them to deploy and beat them out of there. Another good game w/interaction. Should 
be able to win. 

vs. TIGIH
Well, no Vader means no grabbing luke and you dont have the T:DB. So, they will 
have to use it to come over. If they are playing Endor scouts. Drop and attack them, 
retrieve, repeat. Capturing Luke is nice w/Jade and then dropping him in the Pit for a 
big 9! OOP..hmm..nice objective now. Still a good game and probably not too much 
interaction. Keep them out of Space as I’m sure Endor will hit the table. Control 
Endor, drain for free and that should be game. 

Cards considered
This is a deck that I havent played with too much lately. So if you see something not in 
there that could be the reason. I still like bringing it out for fun and Im sure it will see 
some tournament action soon enough.
Guri (I would probably find a slot for her somewhere)
Twilek Advisor (for a total of 2)
Secret Plans (for SURE!)
Search and Destroy

Well, thats about the jist of the deck. I hope you can make this fun and interactive 
deck to work for you. Any other questions feel free to email me. 
Thanks for looking
Christian -ck1- 