---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "choker" Sorrell
title: ! 'The Most Solid Dark Deck Around v1.2'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-25
description: ! 'I just had to repost this deck cause people just did not see the ground and space power of this deck.  Hunt Down simply is the way to go for the strangled dark side right now.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'The Start... 
Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi/Their Fire... 
Holotheatre 
Meditation Chamber 
Visage 
Podrace Arena 
Start Your Engines 
Epic Duel 
Crush The Rebellion 
Boonta Eve Podrace 
Sebulba&#8217;s Pod 

The Characters... 
Emperor Palpatine x3 
Choke Vader x4 
Vader w/ Stick 
IG-88 
Maul x2 
Thrawn 
Admiral Chiraneau 
Janus x2

The Interrupts... 
The Circle is Now Complete x2 
Vader&#8217;s Obsession x2 
Visage x3 
I Have You Now x2 
Evader/Monnok 
Imperial Command x3 
Elis Herlot 
Force Lightning x2 
Duel Destiny Adder (I Forget the Name) 
Weapon Levitation x2 
Podracer Collision x3 
You Are Beaten 
Omni Box/It&#8217;s Worse 

The Effects... 
No Escape 
Grabber 
Effect from Tatooine That Adds to Deploy Cost of Aliens on Tatooine 

The Sites... 
Desert Landing Site 
Cantina 
Lar&#8217;s Moisture Farm
Audience Chamber(Immune to Revolution)  

The Weapons... 
Vader&#8217;s Saber 
Maul&#8217;s Saber 

The Ships... 
Chimaera x2  
'

Strategy: '

UPDATE
First thing...I don’t know why THERE ARE SO MANY FRICKIN TAGS on my submission.  Everyplace I put an apostrophe the server put some silly code.  Sorry

The space package with the two Chimaeras is a plenty. I used to play with the bounty hunters in their respective ships, but they just didn’t stay on the table long enough to make their high deploy worth it. With the admirals, I can pull them from my deck to maximize my destiny, and I can either limit the opponent to one destiny (crucial against WYS cause I win if they only draw one destiny) or I can chose to draw three destiny, which is lethal with the high destiny in this deck. You just gotta know how to play it 

I also play Lar’s moisture Farm for two reasons. One, with me adding to each destiny draw I automatically will hit characters with my destiny. Two, a lot of people in my area play harvesting and taking some force away from them while maintaining my force drain of 2 is killer, especially against WYS decks that only play Kessel and Lar’s Farm for their sites. If you don’t like the selections, fill them in with cards that fit your local meta.  Also, you might want to add in a Mara and her saber if you so choose, considering you can deploy her from reserve with the Audience Chamber, but I just don’t think she’s worth the two card slots of one destinies.  Again...the choice is up to you.

One LAST THING.  I don’t care about WYS racing.  Ok.....I lose the race cause I can’t find my grabber in time.  I don’t play watto’s box, so that ain’t that big a deal.  If I play this deck well I win no matter who wins the race.  Hunt Down constructed this way is too solid to lose just because of a podrace. 

Thanks for all the helpful suggestions. And yes...Visage should indeed be listed under effects. Hey I was tired when I posted this. 
END UPDATE 

I’ve been having a lot of success with a high destiny BHBM w/o podracing, and much to my dismay, I can’t seem to play a light deck with any interaction. I’m tired of trying to play a solid deck (even though it wins) against crap from the LS...whether it’s in the form of Dagobah Training w/ Podracing, I’m Going to Barrier Anything You Put Down WYS, or Hidden Base w/ Undercover Spies. I have played Hunt Down for a LONG time, and I feel quite comfortable with it’s abilities. This is my answer to the LS cheese. 

I keep the strat simple. If you’re up against a deck that has the potential to use spies to cancel Visage, stick the Emperor at the holotheatre (or Maul). Use Vader and Maul (and even the Emperor) to take out their mains and keep your objective on the flip side. If Obi or Luke hits the table duel their sorry behinds. I’m intending this deck for advanced players who can track cards; thus, with the high destiny in this deck you should have no problem winning the duels. 

I like the podracing element because it says, Hey If you are going to play with cheese than I’m going to play with cheese.  The destiny will overwhealm most podracintg decks without much trouble at all. I put the nasty little Omni Box/It’s Worse Combo in for two reasons. 1) It’s a recyclable 5. 2) Most people pack It Could Be Worse to counter the DS podracing element, so if they are unlucky enough to play this card, make them pay for taking the easy way out 

Why do I start Crush the Rebellion? Well, simply put it’s the best DS effect in the game (pre-coruscant). It has three uses, all of which are very applicable in today’s environment. It allows me to keep my Dark Jedi alone at a site without much fear of a beatdown, considering that Jedi are everywhere these days. I like running a lot of Emperors for the simple reason that he’s a good character with an extremely high destiny number that can utilize the I Have You Nows (and can knock spies out of the way with Force Lightnings). 

This deck is the king of all direct damage decks. I like using tatooine sites to make my opponent’s aliens expensive to deploy (especially against WYS), and it keeps my characters on sites related to each other. I don’t have to rely on Elis Herlot to get my characters together, and I can move the Emperor over to sites to fry spies. 

In all my recent dark decks the space package of Thrawn, Chiraneau, and the Chimaera x2 has worked wonders when combined with Imperial Commands to initially get my admirals (then used to either add or prevent multiple destiny draws). Trust me...this space package is very adequate and easy to set up. 

Janus Greejatus should make finding cards a bit easier, an the Emperor can look through your reserve deck each turn to let you know what you have in your force pile. 

Have fun and enjoy fighting cheesy light side decks with an equally cheesy dark side deck. By the time the LS loses the podrace and loses to Visage, the Dark Jedis should have little problem finishing the job. 

Michael ”the spider monkey” Sorrell 

'