---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "choker" Sorrell
title: ! "Massive Reteival Without Podracing (WYS)"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-25
description: ! "A solid WYS deck that does not rely on cheesy podracing for retreival. This deck is old skool, but still is a clear winner...It just won me a tourney last weekend."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting...
WYS/TPCGALR
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Menace Fades
Squadron Assignments
You Cannot Hide Forever (LS Equivalent)
Cantina
Tatooine DB
Tatooine

Characters...
Melas x2 (anti-Maul)
Capt. Han
Scout Luke (anti-BHBM)
Jedi Luke x2
Mirax
Wedge
Theron Nett
Beru & Owen x2
Raltir Freighter Captain x4
Talon Karde
ECC Lando
Dash Rendar
Chewbacca, Protector

Ships...
Falcon
Pulsar Skate
Red 7
Red Squadron 1
Outrider

Locations...
Kashyyyk (awesome tech)
Rendevous Point
Lar’s Farm x2
Kessel

Admiral’s Orders...
I’ll Take the Leader x2

Interrupts...
Harvest x3
Rebel Barrier x3
Hyper Escape
Out of Commision/Trans. Terminated x2
Tunnel Vision
Tunnel Vision/Control x3
Punch It
Lost in the Wilderness
It Could Be Worse
It’s a Hit

Weapons...
X-Wing Laser Cannon

Effects...
Battle Plan
Legendary Starfighter
Grabber
'

Strategy: '

I won’t go into all the boring detail you’ve probably all heard about how to play Watch Your Step.  Frankly, playing watch your step requires only two things controlling kessel and occupying the cantina.  Instead, I’ll give some basic info into playing this particular Harvesting version, which has not lost a game in sactioned tournament play (even against those menacing dedicated dark side podracing decks).

Since the retrieval engine, which is quite potent, is based not on Tatooine Celebration, which will be cancelled after the combo card in Coruscant is released, some pointers are necessary for success.

Here’s a list of priorities for playing this deck...
1)flip your objective by controlling kessel and the cantina early (do this by cheap deployment to Kashyyyk and Rendevous Point and use barriers and hyper escape to avoid any conflict during that early stage where you’re most vulnerable.
2)Focus on getting the cards for running your Harvesting engine operating (i.e. Owen & Beru, The Moisture Farm, and Harvest)
3)Support your drains at Kessel and the Farm with all those charcters that pop into your hand from drawing.  Be sure to drop luke with Owen & Beru because Harvest will allow you to add two destiny when they are battling together (this should then knock any threat off the Farm for future Harvesting for retreival purposes).  With the help of I’ll Take the Leader and the X-Wing Laser Cannon, keeping control of Kessel (and the other systems) should not be that much of a problem.
4)Set up the Legendary Starfighter card by keeping the Falcon either in your hand or at Kessel.  When the opponent comes to a site, barrier him then pound him on your turn.  I’ve won so many games with Legendary on the Falcon that it’s just not fair for the DS.  This card makes the difference in those tight games

As for some card choices...
<B>Why 4 tunnel visions?</b>
I like having the 3 combos with the 1 true tunnel vision from dagobah (so I don’t have so many badd destinies floating around my deck).  The tunneling is imperative to set up the Harvest engine.  Having som many tunnels allows me to play only two copies of Owen & Beru and the Farm, cutting down on wasted card space.
<B>Why Scout Luke?</B>
This is a meta choice.  In my region BHBM is by far the most popular deck for the dark side, so I opt for one of the Scout Lukes.  yeah, he ain’t a six destiny, but if I’m playing BHBM that doesn’t matter much when I can pull him from reserve.
<B>Why only 3 Harvests?</B>
That’s all you need when you can play them from the lost pile.  IMPORTANT  I will admit that retreiving almost defeats the purpose of the WYS objective, which allows you to play interrupts from your lost pile, so when I retreive I choose first high destiny interrupts that won’t see much play from my lost pile (like Trans. Terminated combo when I’m playing a non-huntdown deck, etc.).  Then I choose characters like RFCs that have descent destiny and could helm me in the game when deployed.  I don’t like playing my harvests from my lost pile until I’m positive that the game will not last long enough for me to recycle them into my deck and then play them from my hand again.
<B>Why It’s a Hit</B>
Too many people are trying to play It’s Worse on me when I use It Could Be Worse to minimize my losses against podracing.  It’s a Hit also cancel Elis and a lot of other pesky dark side cards (it also allows me to cancel force drains on Tat. when I control the system).
<B>Why no Run Luke Run</B>
Simple, dueling Hunt Down ain’t popular in my area
<B>Why not use podracing for retrieval?</B>
First off I would like to say that Podracing is GAY  Secondly, WYS podracing, despite its ability to play cards from lost pile, might come across trouble when playing a really dedicated dark side podracing deck.  The Harvests allow me to retreive the cards that I want, and the retrieval comes in little dabs.  Four here four there.  Plus, one harvest=8 cards worth of retrieval if I so choose  The Harvesting retrieval also allows me to start three solid effects instead of just one, and the retrieval is revolving...it keeps going and goin (if i want it to).

This deck is just solid.  It can hold its own in both space and on the ground, and it does not depend on harvesting to win games.  I beat a 2038 player just the other day without ever harvesting once because he monnoked both me Owens & Berus when I only had three cards in my hand (that was unlucky for me but it didn’t have a lasting impact on the game).

Have fun and enjoy the power of Harvest.  I just realized that I wrote this whole section, and I misspelled "retrieve" thirty or so times.  Oh well  Sorry.

Michael "the spider monkey" Sorrell

'