---
layout: post
author: Frederick "mist _hunter" Ealick
title: 'Building Instructions For The Second Death Star'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-05-28
description: ! 'This deck builds that famous giant disco ball then moves it around the galaxy to cause major force loss. Whenever a pitiful alliance ship challenges this mighty height of engineering, a swarm of ships come out and blast it to oblivion.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'LOCATIONS (10)
Death Star II
Death Star II Capacitators
Death Star II Coolant Shaft
Death Star II Docking Bay
Death Star II Reactor Core
Endor
Endor Bunker
Endor Landing Platform (Docking Bay)
Kashyyyk
Sullust

CHARACTERS (10)
Admiral Piett
Baron Soontir Fel
Captain Yorr
Colonel Jendon
DS-181-3
DS-181-4
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Major Turr Phennir
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Moff Jerjerrod

STARSHIPS (13)
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Chimaera
Dreadnought-Class Heavy Cruiser x2
Onyx 1
Onyx 2
Saber 1
Saber 2
Saber 3
Saber 4
The Emperor’s Shield
Thunderflare
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

WEAPONS (6)
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
SFS L-s9.3 Laser Cannons
Death Star Superlaser Mark II

INTERRUPTS (11)
All Power To Weapons x2
Evader/ Monnok
I Can’t Shake Him
Operational As Planned
Projective Telepathy x2
Relentless Pursuit
They’re Coming In Too Fast x2
Twi-lek Advisor

EFFECTS (7)
Combat Response
Desperate Counter
First Strike
Imperial Arrest Order
Inconsequintial Losses
No Escape
Secret Plans

OBJECTIVES (1)
Endor Operaitions/ Imperial Outpost

ADMIRALS ORDERS (1)
Fighter Cover

EPIC EVENTS (1)
That Things Operational '

Strategy: '

DECK EDIT
SFS L-s9.3 Laser Cannons should be x4

Before I go into the strategy section of this deck, I want to talk to you about how to review because apparently some have forgotten. I have looked at many decks that have gotten .5* reviews just because it is a D*2 deck or a QMC deck or a MBO deck or a Rallops deck. The reviewer doesn’t even look at the cards in the deck. They just say ”Oh, thats a ___ deck, .5* for you.” Now sometimes the deck does suck that bad but many times the deck is really good. Now this doesnt apply to all decks and all of you, i just want yall to know that I want you to give this deck a rating as a D*2 deck. I know this deck may not be a worlds-class deck but it could be really good as a D*2 deck. Therefore, how good is this deck as a D*2 deck. Thats all I want to know.

BUILDING INSTRUCTIONS
Because many of you don’t know how to play a D*2 deck properly, I will elaborate in this section. Start with Endor Operations/ Imperial Outpost, Endor, Endor Bunker, Endor Landing Platform, Operational As Planned, Death Star II, Moff Jerjerrod and Desperate Counter. Death Star II, Moff Jerjerrod and Desperate Counter go into your hand along with 6 other cards. On your turn, activate your force, and deploy Death Star II with Desperate Counter on it. Use Desperate Counter to search your reserve deck for Imperial Arrest Order and Combat Response. Deploy Combat Response and Imperial Arrest Order. Use Imperial Arrest Order to search your reserve deck for Death Star II Docking Bay and deploy that. Deploy Moff Jerjerrod to the Death Star II Docking Bay and use his ability to search your reserve deck and take Death Star II Coolant Shaft into your hand. Deploy it and go about the rest of your turn. On your next turn use Moff Jerjerrod’s game text (before you activate) to go and get Death Star II Capacitators, deploy it and go about your turn. Do the same on your next turn but get Death Star II Reactor Core instead. After you deploy it, use its game text to get That Things Operational. Deploy it. Go about your turn until your move phase and move the Death Star II to another system. On your next turn, use Moff Jerjerrod’s game text to get the Death Star Superlaser Mark II and deplot it. You now have the Death Star II built and ready for action.
(The above assumes that you never got any of the above listed cards in your hand, except for the starting, and that you always found the above listed cards in your reserve deck, except for the starting. Doing so may increase or decrease the time it takes to build the second Death Star.)

TRICK
I’m pretty sure that this works but if it doesnt, dont shoot me If you have Moff Jerjerrod on the Death Star II Docking Bay and the Death Star II is orbiting a system besides Endor and That Things Operational is on the table. Then you occupy that system. (Please check with somebody official to see if that works. Tell me.)

STRATEGY (finally)
While the D*2 is under construction, you should also be preparing your space fleet for the takeover of the galaxy. Set up your cards wisely and cautiously (always keep a All Power TO Weapons and a Projective Telepathy in your hand. Having First Strike out is also good, but don’t get caught by it also.) I think that this deck is pretty easy to play in space and is self-explanatory. I usually use Mara as defense at the D*2 DB and she can drain there without Lost in the Wilderness affecting her. I use the obj. because it is Strike Planning defense but if Planning isn’t big in your area, substitute the obj. and the 2 sites for better stuff that better fits your playing style. If you like SFS in the deck then either trade that stuff for the obj. stuff or for Mara Jade and her lightsaber. Thanks for looking. Because this deck is untested so far (i’ve played variants but this is the final version) i don’t have any match-ups except that this deck has a huge weakness to RST (or any deck that has a first turn Gold Squadron 1 with General Calrissian on it.)

See Yah,

Fred  '