---
layout: post
author: ! Brandon "Jago257" Romano
title: ! "Back to Hunt Down"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-28
description: ! 'After trying out several crap decks, I’m back to using the only deck I can consistantly win with. Battle, Duel, Drain, Visage.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'-Start
Hunt Down
Executor Meditation Chamber
Executor Holotheatre
Visage of the Emperor
Epic Duel
Prepared Defenses
Imperial Arrest Order
Mobilization
Secret Plans

-Locations
Endor Landing Platform
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Cloud City East Platform
Rendili

-Characters
3x Lord Vader
2x Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith
Darth Vader with Lightsaber
2x Grand Moff Tarkin
Emperor Palpatine
2x Mara Jade
Prince Xizor
Sim Aloo
Ig-88 with Riot Gun
Kir Kanos
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba

-Weapons
Vader?s Lightsaber
Darth Vader?s Lightsaber
Mara Jade?s Lightsaber

-Starships
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk in Hound?s Tooth
Chimaera
Executor

-Interrupts
4x Vader?s Obsession
3x The Circle is Now Complete
2x Focussed Attack
2x I Have You Now
Twi?lek Advisor
Weapon Levitation
You Are Beaten
Nevar Yalnl

-Effects
3x Visage of the Emperor
2x Reactor Terminal
Security Precautions
Search and Destroy
No Escape '

Strategy: '

NOTE--- Forgot to update when I put the deck in, take out one Visage for 2nd Emperor Palpatine

I used to play Hunt down with out locations and played POTF in the chamber if there was no BG from opponett, but that is harder to pull of nowadays.

Basic Strategy---
Pull out Rendili and Endor DB. If opponet will not activate too much on turn 1, put down a guy at a DB that can draw destiny (If enough force Put out Vader turn 1). Get Reactor Terminal out ASAP for tracking and differential.

A Few Card Explanations---
Kir Kanos- Deploy 2 power 5 is enough temptaion for me. with empy out throw him in used pile for differential(1 force can matter)

6 Vader’s- This is how many I use, U can use 5 if you want

DSII vader saber- traded my 2nd Vaders saber, and like the duel aspects of this one

Executor- great against all kinds of space, thinking of taking it out for a cheaper deploy ship

Vader’s Obsession/ Tcinc- I use lots of these cause getting them early can be crucial sometimes, against profit this kicks @#$% (beat Luke turn 1 once)

Nevar Yalnl- Kill a spie with Mara

A FEW MATCHUPS---

VS TIGIH
Cut the activation. I tested against my deck and it was easy. Battle and Visage make it easy. I get high activation they get low activation. Easy win.

VS Hidden Base
Utilize the ships well, useing Precautions, probe and battle. drain on ground with sabers and S&D will =win.

VS Agents in Court
Beat their aliens dwon with Vader, especially choke Vader. Battle and drains will be this game.
VS Eloms agents
stack the imperials at 1-2 sites, throw dwon the aliens against them to cut their power drastically. Haven’t lost yet to this deck

VS WYS
This should be a challenge, havent played against it yet. Take over the cantina/ ground, smugglers have bad defense value so shoke swing and capture with Iggy, duel when possible. Use the ships to halt space drains for a while. They will be lacking spies so Visage should do good damage to them. S&D will help if you can take over ground by beating them down. secret plans will help cut some retrieval. should be a win for Hunt Down

VS Training
Drain 1 at Rendili, drain 3 total at the DB’s S&D for 1 every turn, and Visage for 1 each turn =8 per turn rotation. Beat them up with multiple tracked destinies if they manage to mount a defense and hit them with weapons.

VS Profit
Start Mara and Xizor in chamber. Turn 1 pull out endor DB (turn 2 Tatooine DB) Rendili, and Mara’s bladecontrol a DB. turn 2 Vader to chamber. Do some battles duels drains, and Visage for the win.

That should be all the main decks(atleast in my area). Please review, I enjoy reading them.
Gotta love Hunt Down. Thanks all





'