---
layout: post
author: ! Brian "vader106" Hollingworth
title: ! 'The Animal Kingdom'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-30
description: ! 'This deck podraces and sets up a drain in space.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (9)
SYCFA
Death Star
Alderaan
DSDB
Start Your Engines
Podrace Arena
Sebulba’s
Podrace
Watto’s Box

Locations (4)
DSWar Room
Sullust
Endor
Kashyyyk

Characters (12)
Arica
Emperor x2
Chiraneau
Thrawn
Merrejk
Admiral Piett
Lord Vader
U-3PO
Janus Greejatus
Darth Maul
Officer Evax

Starships (9)
Devastator
Visage
Avenger
Dominator
Vengeance
Chimaera
Flagship Executor
Zuckuss in ship
Bossk in ship

Interrupts (17)
Twi’ilek Advisor x2
Omni Box combo x4
Podracer Collision x3
Alter x2
Sense x2
Imperial Command x4

Effects (6)
Lateral Damage x2
Something Special Planned For Them
Come Here You Big Coward
Secret Plans
No Escape

Admiral’s Orders (2)
We’re In Attack Position Now x2

'

Strategy: '

I couldn’t do the strategy section at first, the power went out and I barely  even saved this much.  Sebulba carries the podrace, and all I need is a couple of fives and a podracer collision to win the race.  It works every time.

First off, this is Tom, not Brian, Hollingworth submitting the deck.  I do so in this way because I do not have an account, yet wish to submit this deck.  Second off, the name of this deck has nothing to do with what I am trying to do.  With the deck, I try to win the podrace, giving a 22 card swing, which will pave the way for my drains in space to do serious damage.  With Merrejk and Chiraneau, I can set up a drain for 9 a turn at my systems. 

Darth Maul He’s in here because he works in space.  Unless opponent has the ability>3 guy in space, no ability.  This means that half the time, I play him on a ship at a celebrating planet, and celebration is cancelled.  I’m always careful not to leave him in front of power, because Corran Horn or Melas and other pilots could let them battle.

I play podracing because I have good enough destiny in here so that I will win it practically every time, and there is not really a necessary effect to start with a SYCfA space deck.  Podracing is huge, and playing that works in this deck.

Emperor or Lord Vader at the docking bay keeps me from paying for drains for a while.  Emperor doesn’t die until hit, because immune to attrition and SYCFA makes me immune to battle damage.  Get Emperor there ASAP.

Arica&U-3PO stops their drains while I drain myself.  Watch out for Arica, don’t put her in a place she can’t run from or be backed up by Lord Vader.

Officer Evax 2 deploy, 5 forfeit, pilot

No Escape gets back the podracing interrupt I just played in a tight situation.

Podracing interrupts insure that I win the race.

WYS Drain in space, Maul shuts down celebration, then go for the podrace with all the interrupts I have if they are racing also. 

Slave Quarters Mains No Space, almost no drains, Emperor at the site for battle plan if it’s out, and to alter I hope she’s all right.

EBOExtra places to drain at for a while, kill the starships when they come out.

Profit Start Arica and get set up as fast as possible, Profit does some damage. 

RST If they race, watch out.  Sebulba still has an edge over Anakin, but be prepared because you might not always win the race.  This is a tough matchup, because of that.  Menace Fades sees action, and the system may not always be easy.  It is a must to have it, because otherwise I only have a drain of 3.  

QMC Watch out for Ten Numb.  The guy is good.  Maul cancels celebration, but I leave it alone unless I’m sure I can get Bespin early.

'