---
layout: post
author: ! Mark "Rogue Nine" Balderston
title: ! "KNIGHTHAMMER"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-18
description: ! "Hey look ... it’s a dark side deck that wins.  Props to Alex Klammrodt for the pre-tatooine version of this.  Here’s my version, post-tatooine, less tech, more beef: Endor Ops."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Objective(1) 
Endor Operations 

Locations(7) 
Endor 
Endor Bunker 
Endor Landing Platform 
Fondor 
Mon Calamari
Executor Docking Bay 
Coruscant Docking Bay 

Starting(4) 
Prepared Defenses 
Imperial Arrest Order 
Mobilization Points 
Oppressive Enforcement/There Is No Try 

Characters(15) 
Grand Admiral Thrawn 
Admiral Ozzel 
Admiral Chiraneau 
Admiral Piett 
Commander Igar
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith x2
Darth Maul x2
Commander Merrejk 
Captain Godherdt 
Guri 
IG-88 w/gun
4-LOM w/gun
Arica 

Starships(10) 
Executor
Avenger
Chimaera 
Death Squadron Star Destroyer
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter  x2
Dengar in Punishing One 
Stinger 
Boba Fett in Slave I

Vehicles(2) 
Tempest 1 
Blizzard 2 

Effects(7) 
Lateral Damage 
Secret Plans 
Battle Order 
Something Special Planned For Them 
Ominous Rumours 
Presence Of The Force 
Imperial Decree 
Your Insight Serves You Well

Interrupts(11) 
Twilek Advisor 
Control/SFS  
Operational As Planned x3
Trample x2 
Imperial Command x4 
Ghhhk/Those Rebel&#8217;s Won&#8217;t Escape Us 

Admiral&#8217;s Orders(2) 
Battle Deployment x2  '

Strategy: '

Update 1  Take out Coruscant DB for Executor DB.  I know it’s gone if executor dies, but it just makes the setup sooo much faster (piett deploys -2 to executor).

Editor’s Note 1 (in response to reviews) yes i know i
 could drain for more at sullust.  However it takes up a
 card slot that I need, and if I dont get merrejk then I 
really dont need another ZERO floating around in my deck.  
I can drain for enough as it is and trying to control four 
systems is ridiculous.  (with chiraneau and rumors I can 
drain for 11 per turn, plus 1 at the db).

Editor’s Note 2 to ’Jet Nkik’ YOU DUMBA$$ Do you even 
know what Imperial Command does? If you did you wouldn’t 
tell me how WYS and QMC are going to rip me up in space.  
QMC has crappy activation, slow setup, crappy drains, 
expensive ships, and I have already included a matchup 
sectionw for this.  If you took time to read the strategy 
section you would understand.  It is beyond me how you got 
the 1570 rating required for reviews, judging by the 
intelligence you have shown in your review.  And Mon 
Calamari is a better choice than Kashhykk or Sullust 
because
1) I can only be drained for one.
2) I don’t give my opponent two force (Sullust).

Editor’s Note 3 to ’zmanthe 1st’ I never said RST didn’t have lots of characters or lots of starships, I said they were weak.  You may have 15 characters, but most of them are power 1 or 2 scouts, and you may have 10 ships but most of them are like tala 1 or tala 2 or gold squadron 1.  im sooo scared, corporal beezer corporal delevar, corporal midge, brooks carlson, lieutenant blount, and crix madine vs.  darth maul.  please don’t hurt me you big mean person.

**********************************************************

I’ve been having some problems with dark side 
lately, mainly finding a deck that wins.  The 
biggest problem for dark side was activation, and 
I was too lazy to think up something new, so I 
went looking for a deck that starts a 
battleground system.  This is it.  This deck has 
the activation, it has the power, it has the 
drains, and it has enough tech.  Oh yeah no grabbers,
 I just dont like them.  In case your 
opponent plays don’t do that again, just drop a 
bounty hunter ship to endor first turn.  Hence 
the 2x Zuckuss in Mist Hunter and 3x Operational
 as Planned.  Light Side has been weak in space 
lately, obviously. Anyway here’s how the deck 
works

Turn 1 if opponent plays DDTA activate. pull a 
db, pull ominous rumors, then drop a ship to 
endor if you can.  Pull Executor.  Problem solved.

Turn 1 if he doesn’t  pull executor, get an 
admiral (probably piett) with an imp. command.  
activate.  pull a db.  deploy piett.  pull 
merrejk.  deploy merrejk if possible.  pull a 
system.

You should follow the same game-plan in just 
about every game except maybe against MBO and 
RST, just so you can stop them blowing up the 
Death Star or the bunker you can go to yavin 4 
and kill all their guys with the Dark Jedis.  
Fun.  Presence of the Force is your best friend 
then.  In most other games you will pull out 
piett and merrejk, set up docking bay activation, 
pull out systems put ships at the systems, set up 
ominous rumors and start draining.  Smash your 
opponent if he comes to space.  There are two 
landing claw cancellers in there and the AO’s are 
golden.  Most of the time they’ll make the 
opponent’s starships power -2, plus they let you 
pull out your walkers.  You’ve got a great anti-
scrub team in darth maul and DLOTS, great for 
holding the bunker, running around and killing 
random people, whatever you need them for.  Darth 
Maul is great in space, especially against crap 
like ten nunb superstar or x-wings.  Too bad I 
have to borrow Darth Mauls at every tournament.  
This is a solid balanced deck.  Avatar’s version 
was good, but unfortunately walkers can’t go in 
the bunker, which means it will be blown up.  
Also I believed it was weak in space which is why 
there are more ships in this post-tatooine 
version.  Anyway, here’s some reasons for my card 
choices


Operational As Planned x3  I just like it.  Plus 
it helps you get a bh ship first turn if they 
play DDTA.


Control/SFS Goodbye, Captain Han.  Goodbye, Ten 
Nunb.  Whoever’s annoying you.  Crix Madine is 
always a fun target for SFS.


Trample  YAY kill people that mess with your 
db.  what a cool card. great for puny scouts.


Zuckuss in Mist Hunter x2  Well it’s good, and 
it’s cheap, and you can put it out first turn 
with an operation as planned.  Cool.

Umm I’m hoping the rest of the card choices are 
fairly obvious.  If something isn’t, just ask me.

Ok, matchups.  (for most decks start secret 
plans, only against the pile or hb mains start 
the SAC killer)


vs.  RST podracing yay you get completely free 
reign of space.  you’re gonna lose the podrace, 
so don’t sweat it, it’s not that big a deal, 
because they won’t be able to use the second part 
of I did it.  Just stop them blowing the bunker 
at [almost] all cost.  If they’re podracing, 
they’ll be weak on characters.  The space drains 
will kill them.


vs.  RST done right.  oh good you don’t have to 
worry about the podrace, just worry about the 
bunker [a bit] more and you’ll be fine.  Darth 
Maul is your best friend in the bunker, if you 
have him put him there, if you don’t have him, 
get him.  If you’re playing against someone who 
is not Brian Hunter playing this deck, there is a 
high possibility of beating it.  If Brian Hunter 
is playing RST done right, then im probably 
screwed considering the fact that he’s the numero 
uno player in the world. But it’s still 
possible.  They give you some force which helps a 
lot, but the ships are puny and you should be 
able to pound anything that comes to space.  If 
you have darth vader in your hand put him to the 
bunker and then put darth maul at crix’s site to 
neutralize the big pile of scouts they’ll have 
sitting there.


vs.  HB mains wowsers, they have crap for drains 
and you can stop their retrieval with your 
effects.  If you stick to the docking bay on the 
ground you’ll be fine, and your drains in space 
will overwhelm them.  Same thing for the pile and 
other mains decks.  Space is limited to the 
falcon and the spiral and stuff like that, so 
opposition there will be VERY limited.


vs.  any kind of X-wings  Battle Deployment, 
Battle Order and Darth Maul wrecks.  Next.


vs.  MBO go to yavin 4 and kill scrubs.  kill 
random ships in space.


vs.  the PILE  hey cool, force denial.  just 
play cautiously and stay mostly in space.  you’ll 
win. watch out for jar-jar or revo beatdowns at 
the dbs, though.


vs.  QMC  start secret plans.  set up as usual 
and take over bespin when needed.  SFS and darth 
maul are golden as always and you can basically 
ignore their guys at cloud city.  as always the 
ominous rumors/chiraneau drains will be 
overwhelming.


Ok that’s all the matchups i could think of for 
now.  Hope you had a good read, and I would 
appreciate good advice in reviews.
'