---
layout: post
author: ! Fernando "Garion" Medalón
title: ! "The Final Rebel Strike Team Deck"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-19
description: ! "This deck shows why rebels finaly defeat the Empire and the emperor."
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Rebel strike team/ garrison destroyed

Locations (7)
Endor
Chief Chirpas Hut
Hidden Forest Trail
Dense Forest
Back door
Rebel landing site
Forest 

Characters (22)
Luke, jedi Knight x2
Daugthter od Fkywalker x2
Obi Wan w/lightsaber x2
Gen Solo
Gen Madine
Gen Calrissian
Chewy of Kashyyk
Wedge Antilles RSL
Nien Numb
Major Panno
Corp Midge
Hnemthe
Wuta
Tycho Celchu
Seargent Brooks Carlson
Col. Cracken
Lt. Blount
Corp. Kensaric
Orrimaarko

Starships (6)
Home One
Gold Squadron 1
Red Squadron 1
Green Squadron 3
Tala 1
Tala 2

Interrupts (9)
HFTMF
Rebel Barrier
Out of Nowhere
Weapon Levitattion
Houjix
I Know
Courage of Skywalker
The Signal
Dont Get @#$%y

Effects (13)
Close Air Support x2
Do or Do Not/Wise Advice
What Are You Trying To Push ...
Squad Assignments
Strike Planning
Your Insight Serves You well
Honor of The Jedi
Battle Plan
Menace Fades
Uncontrollabe Fury
Bacta Tank
Insurrection

Weapons (2)
Anakins Lightsaber
Lukes Lightsaber '

Strategy: '

This is the last deck I tried in a Tournament and it works really good, it gaves me a 3-0 and very little problems with dark side decks.

First how I begin with it.
Start with HFTMF for Squad Assig, Srike Planning and Your Insight. YISYW is for the reason that is really interesting as you can sac it to go inside your deck and have many interesting effects on table, or just keep it and protect against some annoying dark side cards. Do or Do Not/Wise Advice in another possible starting effect. You decide which one is better for your game.
First turn, search for Madine, or any of the other two if you draw him in your hand draw. Drop him in Landing Site and search for Chewbacca.
Then the game is easy. Chewy serch Wuta who search sites. Madine search more rebels and combine them to have great effects in game.

Its important not to spread to thin in the first turns but concentrate in the Rebel Landing Site so your op dont beat you soon, because if he do you will be in trouble.
Once your objective is flipped everything is for you. Your drains may not be reduce, and Corporal Midge makes them really annoying for the imperial.
One of the most important card of this deck is Close Air Support. This card makes your forces in ground really BIG.
If the op kills any of your scouts retrive him with your obj, and search for them with Madine, and re-deploy them again and again.
Bacta tank also help you in battles as you can reduce damage by taking one character there and, in your next turn, again in your hand.
I know = GREAT SURPRISE. Han alone against imperial forces and suddendly, there she is, Leia killing everything in front of her; and if Close Air Support on table .......

Some advice against some matchups

Ralltir Ops
You can go for him in his own planet, no problem.
Put Close Air Support in ralltir and beat them once you can kill him in condition.
If you flip and he flip your force drains are greater than he can, so out drain them.

Court
Honor helps a lot. Close Air Support might keep him out of Endor. If he goes there KILL HIM.
Rebel Barrier wil help you a lot.

Dark Deal
One of the most interesting decks Ive played. Well planned its great. Try to deploy Gen Carlrisian asap and flip your obj before he does.
Never goes to Cloud City if he flip his own obj.

BHBM
Big obj untill he loose all the games he plays. No matter what he tries, he will be killed anyway.

Set Your Course For Alderaan
Great obj in any way. Be really careful when you play against this. The only way to beat him is fliping your obj asap and try to keep them out of their docking bays, thus is not an easy game.

Hunt Down
Another monster. Beat him with your spies at his own sites, but be carefull with Vader as he can destroy you in his own. Weapon Lev helps you a lot as it can cancell some of the most terrible cards in dark side (You are beaten, etc). Uncontrollable Fury also helps and Do or Do Not / Wise Advice will stop his sense and alters against your cards. Play slowly and think a lot your next step. If you run you will loose. This is not better than yours, but its a great deck.

Thanks for reading it till the end and for giving me a lot os stars (I hope). Any suggestions will be wellcomed, here or by a mail. ;-) '