---
layout: post
author: ! Eric "YOYOY" Bailey
title: ! 'Trinto Duaba Superstar'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-10-08
description: ! 'Brangus Glee? Ten Numb? Meet Trinto Duaba. Who else is non-unique, destiny 5, and during your battle phase makes the opponent lose cards, after which he goes to your Used Pile?'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
My Kind Of Scum/Fearless And Inventive
Tatooine Desert Heart
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace
Ephant Mon (rep)
Prepared Defenses
Power Of The Hutt
Secret Plans
There Is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement

Locations (3)
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba’s Palace Lower Passages
Jabba’s Sail Barge Passenger Deck

Characters (24)
Gailid
Barquin D’an
Taym Dren-garen
Gardulla The Hutt
Vedain
Labria
Bib Fortuna
Boelo
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
IG-88 With Riot Gun
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle
Darth Vader With Lightsaber
P-59
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba
J’Quille
Snoova
Chokk
Rappertunie
Mighty Jabba
Chall Bekan
Mercenary Pilot
U-3PO
Arica

Interrupts (19)
Trinto Duaba x5
Trooper Sabacc x4
Stunning Leader x3
Twi’lek Advisor x3
Imbalance
Monnok
Ghhhk & Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us
Sniper & Dark Strike

Effects (4)
Scum & Villainy
Reactor Terminal
There’ll Be Hell To Pay
Krayt Dragon Bones

Vehicle (1)
Jabba’s Sail Barge

Weapon (1)
Vibro-Ax '

Strategy: '

Strategy

I played a Trinto Duaba deck at my last tourney as seen in my latest tournament report, this isn’t the exact same deck, it’s the optimized version.

Looking at the cardlist pretty much tells you what to do.

On your first turn, deploy the Audience Chamber from Reserve deck via the text of Jabba’s Palace, then deploy the Sail Barge from Reserve deck via Power Of The Hutt, then deploy the Barge site from Reserve, via the text of the Barge itself. Draw the remaining cards. This completes your first turn.

Second turn, depending on cards in hand and how much Force you’re getting (usually at least 10), you have different options. But the first thing you want to do is deploy the remaining JP site from Reserve. Then, you want to start deploying characters, you want to use the text of the JPAC. The alien to deploy from Reserve using it’s text is Gailid, that’s your first choice, if not him then Barquin D’an. If neither is available, get Gardulla... if not her either, get Vedain. If he’s not available either, you’re either not playing with this deck or you’re missing several cards.

From here you’re setting up, just try to get your drains going at the JP sites, especially the interior ones. You want to get the following aliens at the AC

Gailid
Barquin D’an
Gardulla The Hutt
Vedain

And hopefully Taym Dren-garen too, once he’s out get Krayt Dragon Bones out. 

To refresh your memory, here’s the text of the cards that make this deck work

Barquin D’an
Once during each of your control phases, may use 1 Force to make a ’wager’. Both players draw two destiny (add 1 to your total destiny for each of your gamblers at same site). Player with highest total may retrieve 1 Force.

Gardulla The Hutt
Once during your control phase, may use 1 Force; opponent draws one destiny. If destiny >2, you retrieve 1 Force. Otherwise, lose 1 Force.

Vedain
During your control phase, if at a Jabba’s Palace site, may use 2 Force to make a ’wager’. Both players draw one destiny. Player with lower number loses 1 Force.

Krayt Dragon Bones
Use 1 Force to deploy on table. Each opponent’s destiny draw, you do the following (0) Put top used card in hand; (1) lose 1 Force; (2) activate 1 Force; (3) lose this Effect; (4) retrieve 1 Force; (5) deploy a character for free; (6+) nothing.

Trinto Duaba
If there are cards in the opponent’s Used Pile during your battle phase, draw one destiny. All cards there with the same destiny number are lost.

Are you starting to see how this deck works? Of course you are. During your control phase you’ll be retrieving Force, then during your battle phase they’ll be losing Force. And the cards used to do that can be used over and over and over again. The Sabaccs are also great for putting their cards into Used Pile during your turn before your battle phase. A lucky well-timed Used Monnok is great too. All the gamblers at the same site is good for Barquin, adding 1 to his total. This is the machine that the deck relies on... those gamblers, the Bones, and Trinto Duaba.

Then there’s Stunning Leader... if a battle was just initiated at an interior site, exclude all characters from both sides of ability >2 or leaders. This is an awesome card. You can use it defensively or offensively. Here are the characters compatible with Stunning Leader battles besides the ones mentioned above, keep in mind how cool they are in battles where all the opponent’s characters are ability 2 or lower

Bib Fortuna
Dengar With Blaster Carbine
IG-88 With Riot Gun
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
P-59
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba
J’Quille
Snoova
Chokk
Rappertunie

Rappertunie can make one opponent’s character power 0 if a destiny is > defense value. In a SL battle, all their characters will have low defense value.

J’Quille is the most under-rated character in the game. Besides being an alien that’s both a spy and moderately beefy, he can also exclude any one character from battle of ability <3. Considering in a SL battle that would be everybody, this guy is huge in the deck.

And of course you can logically figure out good SL character pairs to put at sites like Dengar + Dr. E & PB or 4-LOM + IG-88. P-59 is pretty cool just by himself (itself) in a SL battle. Snoova and Chokk are good as well.

And there’s Labria and his text

Once each turn, during your control phase, you may reveal the top card of your Reserve Deck to both players. If it is a vehicle or starship, card is immediately lost. Otherwise, return it to the top of your Reserve Deck, Force Pile or Used Pile.

Be creative, inventive, and innovative with his text. It’s begging to be abused, somehow. In this deck you’ll never draw a vehicle or starship, so you’ll never lose Force from him.

What else is there to say? All matchups are pretty much the same. The cards go well together. A couple great cards to add would be Keder The Black and Set For Stun. Good luck if you try it... you’ll need it, this deck is all about luck. Sometime Trinto will seem never to hit their cards. Other times it’ll cause the opponent to lose a couple dozen Force. Just depends on your destinies, their destinies, you know... the deck is begging to be tweaked. Have fun with it, D-mail me any questions you have, thanks '