---
layout: post
author: ! Erich "The E-man" Hawbaker
title: ! 'TDIGWATT/ Cloud City Troopers'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-11-10
description: ! 'My old CC deck from back before the objective or Im Sorry existed, did alright back then and kicks @#$% now'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'STARTING (7)
TDIGWATT
Cloud City Port Town District
Secret Plans
Prepared Defenses
I’m Sorry
Crush The Rebellion
Inconsequential Losses

LOCATIONS (5)
Bespin
Cloud City
CC Downtown Plaza
CC West Gallery
CC Lower Corridor

CHARACTERS (21)
Vader with Sabre
Mara Jade
Capt Bewil
Prince Xizor
Guri
Dengar with Blaster Carbine
Dr Evazan & Ponda Baba
Mosep
Sgt Merril
12x Cloud City Trooper

WEAPONS (5)
Mara Jade’s Lightsabre
4x Disruptor Pistol

STARSHIPS (7)
Boba Fett in Slave I
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
IG-88 in IG-2000
OS-72-1 in Obsidian 1
OS-72-2 in Obsidian 2
Obsidian 7
Obsidian 8

INTERRUPTS (10)
2x Blast Points
2x Blasted Droid
4x Trooper Assault
Abyssin Ornament
Counter Surprise Assault

EFFECTS (5)
Dark Deal
Cloud City Occupation
Den of Thieves
Ability, Ability, Ability
Expand The Empire '

Strategy: '

I just thought I’d be a smartass and put this under expert. The basic idea is to flood Cloud City with a bunch of troopers so that the enemy can’t fight you and win. If you’re up against a big space deck, it’s possible that you won’t be able to keep Cloud City Ocupation on the table, but if you have Dark Deal out, you’ll be hitting them hard enough on the ground that they’ll just be delaying the inevitable. 

Some basic play strategies... Use I’m Sorry to get your two sites into hand before you activate on your first turn. You can deploy them right away or hang on to them until you have enough characters to put there. Use your text on the objective to get everything you need into hand, play Dark Deal and Cloud City Occupation as soon as you can. If possibble, play Expand The Empire on Port Town District, so I’ll have three sites where my aliens are deploy -1 & power +1, and my force drains are +1. Hopefully, the eneny will try to take me on once, so I can play Counter Surprise Assault to get most of my troopers on the table and retrieve about 10 with Abyssin Ornament (usually save that for late in the game, and remember troopers on Den Of Thieves count as being on the table). If they are dumb enough to fight me, Trooper Assault, Blast Points, and Blasted Droid are insurance that I can’t lose, along with my Dark Deal power bonus.   

Well, I think that’s about it. I’m planning on playing this one at FreedomCon. Thank you for you time.      '