---
author: Ian "Chocobo93" Hunter
title: 'SYCFA TIEs'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-30
description: 'Shoot down anything in the air, block anything on the ground. Retrieve, too.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (8)-
Set Your Course For Alderaan
Death Star
Death Star: Docking Bay
Alderaan
Prepared Defenses
TINT/OE
Secret Plans
Mobilization Points

Locations (5)
Wakeelmui
Endor
Kashyyyk
Sullust
Kiffex

Characters (5)-
U-3PO
Arica
Commander Merrejk
Darth Maul
Death Star Gunner (Yea, you heard right)

Starships (15)-
TIE Interceptor x8
Scimitar Squadron TIE x2
The Emperors Sword
The Emperors Shield
Death Star Assault Squadron
Victory Class Star Destroyer
Dreadnaught

Interrupts (10)-
All Power to Weapons x4
Twilek Advisor x3
Relentless Pursuit x2
Short Range Fighters

Effects (10)-
Dark Waters x2
Presence of the Force x2
Sienar Fleet Systems
Firepower
Well Guarded
Dreaded Imperial Starfleet
A Bright Center Of The Universe
Grabber

Weapons (5)-
SFS Laser Cannons
Superlaser

Admirals Order (1)-
Fighter Cover

Podracer (1)-
Sebulba’s Podracer


Strategy: 

(Edit: There should be an x4 next to the SFS Laser Cannons and it should read Scythe Sq. TIEs, not Scimitar)

Card change: By popular request... Out: DS Gunner and Superlaser. In: Flawless Marksmanship x2

I played this deck in a local tournament, and went 3-0 with it, taking first place against a MWYHL deck, a Tatooine Racing deck and a TIGIH Scouts deck. Please read the strategy before rating. 

Okay, the basic premise of this deck is (as everyone probably knows) a TIE deck that uses Set Your Course For Alderaan as an activation base. With this deck, the point isnt necessarily to battle (although it comes down to that often) but rather blow your opponents out of the sky when they drop starfighters on you. This is the most effective way to hold a system. With 4 battleground systems in this deck, chances are you’ll pull at least one in your opening hand (or Wakeelmui) which will keep you safe from Dont Do That Again.

Many TIE decks rely on Commander Merrejk to get out their battleground systems. This deck is more inclined towards moving slowly and drawing your systems. Use (either) Secret Plans ability to search for a Shocking Info or SYCFA ability to look for something with Death Star in title to see where your systems are, whether you activated them or not, etc (also good for knowing whether to use Twilek or not). While Merrejk speeds this process up, he isn’t necessary. I personally like to have a little force in the lost pile so I can retrieve with the TIEs.

General focus of this deck is to control the four battleground systems with your TIEs, drain for approx. 8-10 per turn, retrieve with Sienar and Short Range Fighters and block ground drains with Undercover spies and Dark Waters (props to Mike Raveling for that idea!). Use the SFS Cannons to keep the Falcon, Outrider and anyother pesky starfighter from bothering your TIEs. If your opponent drops Home One, use Relentless Pursuit. These cards, in combination with All Power To Weapons will keep your systems safe from nearly any rebel attack. With that achieved, continue draining and retrieving until you coast to a comfortable victory.

As to the absense of SAC protection, other than the TINT/OE, this was merely a Meta decision. Light side SAC isnt played too often around here, so I only threw in the combo defense card. If your meta plays heavy SAC, by all means defend against it. (Especially Alter)

Card Explanations-

A Bright Center To The Universe- Wow. This card is pure tech. With the comeback of RST and TIGIH decks, this card is gold. This card makes all the glory of Imperial Decree come alive in one neat little package. No ground troops necessary. Once you get the Endor system out, deploy on the Death Star. Also works with QMC decks. (The only reason I know about this card and it’s effectiveness is because my QMC deck got destroyed with it by PCGSAlucard’s ISB Space deck...props to him for the idea)

Darth Maul- Use him to protect your ABCTTU. Drop him on the Vic. at the Death Star, making them bring a 4 ability (or more) pilot to space. If nothing else, it’ll make them waste a good ground card trying to cancel your effect. If they deploy a Tantive beatdown crew, forfeit Maul the reinforce with TIEs next turn for a beatdown of your own.

Firepower- Use two force to deploy a starship weapon from lost pile. Hmm...with 4 SFS Laser Cannons in here, how could this be useful...hmm...

Sebulba’s Pod- When playing light side, it’s rather pointless to try and win the podrace if the dark side has made their deck around racing. However, the same is not true for the dark side. I personally think Sebulbas racer is better Anakins, and with the relatively high destiny in this deck, Sebulba’s Pod will at least make them work for a win.

Scythe Squadron TIEs- 4 destiny, grimtash protection if Well Guarded isnt out. If you wanted to include Talon Rolls in this deck, these things are machines for it.

Presence of the Force- Enhances drains and activation. Pure and simple.

Fighter Cover- I dont use it THAT much, but primarily to replace I’ll Take The Leader. That card hurts TIEs badly.

Only 1 Short Range Fighters?- Only need it once. Dont even use it’s second function. Grabbers are commonly played here, so playing it’s second function would only get it grabbed, then make it unusable.

Matchups-

RST/TIGIH: Played basically the same. Get Endor out fast and A Bright Center To The Universe it. Cancels all their modifiers, then use Undercover spies at backdoor and Dark Waters elsewhere. Even blowing up the bunker won’t matter much...you’ll have a new hand next turn, since you activate so much.

Profit: This will be one of your hardest matchups. Deploy Arica in the beginning and block some drains. Set up FAST, because many Profit decks don’t have strong space support. If they try to Battle Plan you, get a TIE to the Death Star Docking Bay. (No Battle Damage, remember?) It’ll basically be a drain race between the two decks. If you can set up quickly enough and retrieve at the right times, you should come out with a win.

MWYHL: Great Warrior wont hamper you anywhere except for Kashyyyk. Presence isn’t affected because a force icon isn’t a drain modifier. Keep a watchful eye for the Super Falcon, and be sure to keep an Interceptor with a SFS Cannon at every system.

QMC: Hold Bespin. Above all other things, hold Bespin. Shoot down anything that comes near you. Bespin is the key to QMC decks. Use ABCTTU to cancel Pucumir and any lightsabers on Cloud City. Dark Waters will be useless, but your spies wont. Put them to good use. If you can keep Celebration off the table, you will more than likely win. Dreaded Imp Starfleet wont be much use, either, so lose it early.

Hidden Base/EBO: Unless they play a Capitol ship version of these, you should tear through them. With the ability to deploy your weapons from lost pile and regenerate your TIEs, they shouldn’t stand a chance. If they play Capitols, use your Relentless Pursits wisely. Dont think anywhere is safe, due to that pesky Tantive sneaking about. Play more carefully, but you should still win.

WYS: Shoot their ships down. RP their cap ships. Seize Tatooine as soon as they deploy it to keep Celebration from coming into play. Use ABCTTU on Tatooine, and go from there. The beatdown version of this deck wont work too well, since battle damage on the Death Star is cancelled and your characters (except for the undercovers ones) wont be anywhere else. =)

AITC: No problem. If your meta has heavy alien play, throw in the Tatooine system so that you can target it with ABCTTU. I dont see AITC too often here (WYS has declined too, since the release of Tatooine here as well) so I dont play Tatooine, but you should if these decks are big in your area.

RTP: Difficult if they play a lot of space. Your starships lose immunity to attrition, so All Power to Weapons isn’t effective. Best bet is to put an Undercover spy with Leia and follow her around. If they play relatively little space, you shouldnt do too badly. Watch out for Death Star Plans, as that can be deadly if they pull it off multiple times.

MBO: Hmm. Never played against this deck, so I’m not really sure how to play it. Probably just follow their fighters into the trench with you TIE Interceptors armed with SFS and blast the crap out of them. Keep the Death Star defended, and don’t let them get Great Shot, Kid into play.

Well, I think that about covers it. TIEs is one of the best options the dark side has to go with nowadays, IMO. Good luck!

P.S. Constructive criticism, please.     