---
layout: post
author: ! Quirin "el-diablo" Fuergut
title: ! "ORS-Ops Version 2 0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-12
description: ! 'This is a update of my ISB-Deck.It is faster to set up, stronger in space and more compact.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective ISB Ops/ESA

Starting(5)
Coruscant
Prepared Defenses
IAO
Mobilization Points
YCHF

Characters(19)
ORS x8
Chall Bekan
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral Chiraneau
Admiral Piett
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Commander Merrejk
Commander Igar
DVDLOTS
Vader w/ stick
Grand Moff Tarkin
5D6-RA-7

Vehicles(2)
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Starships(7)
Devastator
Dominator
Executor
Chimaera
Zuckass in Misthunter
Bossk in Bus
Boba in Ship

Interrupts(11)
Masterful Move 
Monnok
Ghhhk
Imperial Command x4
Abyssin Ornament x2
Imperial Barrier
T´wilek Advisor

Effects(9)
Secret Plans
Security Precautions
Lateral Damage
Grabbler
Imperial Decree
Den of Thieves 
Battle Order
TINT/OE
First Strike

Locations(6)
Rendili
Fondor
Sullust
Endor
Exe. DB
Coruscant DB '

Strategy: '

Update Take out First Strike, Security Precautions and Chall Bekan for Arica, General Veers and IGGY in his ship.
I don´t use U-3PO cause he can be killed easily.

First of all I built this Deck because I read in some TRs that ISB-space is good against WYS.So I treid it and it works.I don´t see anything to improve yet so I hope to get some advice.Here´s the main strategy

First turn before activating pull Rendili from your deck.If you have got it already then get Executor.Now set up.Nearly every game you should either pull one Imperial Command, Admiral Piett or Commander Merrejk, so use either of them to get the ISB-commander (mostly with Piett) to the Executor DB and start pulling systems.In the next few turns set up drains with your destroyers at systems.Be sure to always hold one IC in your hand to wreck opponent in space.

During mid-game you should have flipped your objective and minimized his drains, by setting up Imperial Decree, using Den of Thieves and/or using some ISBs to stop his ground drains.At this point you will drain him by up to 10 in space (if he doesn´t play any systems).

End game drain him out and retrieve with Ornament.

Matchups

EBO - you have all the tools to wreck him.Get your Decree going by deploying Walkers and scouts to Hoth and use battle Order to your advantage.Battle in space with our admirals and drain him out

Hidden Base/ swarm - get Securiy Precautions going and try to defeat him in space.should be interesting but with Chimaera sitting at Coruscant/Kiffex and Executor at Kessel you should win by reinforcing the ships with scouts and BH-Ships.

Hidden Base/ Mains - easier than the previous.He will likely have not much sites to drain you, so you should take care of da falcon with ICs and stop maybe his OMDH.Control Space and you will win.

MWYHL - easy as hell.usually he will have Super Falconand/or H1 so you can win in space.He has nothing to drain at so you should win.

WYS - the meta choice in our days.Get 5D6-RA-7 on ground to stop his drains and use Thrawn&Co to control space.This will work wonders.But be sure that your IC won´t get grabbed that easy.Also use your grabber to stop Harvest.If he drains you somewhere else than use Den of Thieves.Should be the toughest matchup.

ground Decks - flip, Decree, 5D6-RA-7 and drains = win

Thanx for reading and I hope you like it.Some Reviews would be nice.  '