---
layout: post
author: ! steve "stevie B" baroni
title: ! 'Baronis Hunt Down Sevens'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-26
description: ! 'A high destiny huntdown deck that doesnt loose.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Unknown Type
Carida 
Cloud City East Platform (Docking Bay) 
Death Star Docking Bay 327 
Executor Docking Bay 
Executor Holotheatre 
Executor Meditation Chamber 

Characters (19)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle  x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith  x5
Emperor Palpatine  x2
Grand Moff Tarkin  x2
IG-88 With Riot Gun  x2
Janus Greejatus  x2
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand  x3
Mighty Jabba 

Starships (4)
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth  x2
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter  x2

Interrupts (8)
Focused Attack 
Force Lightning 
Prepared Defenses 
The Circle Is Now Complete  x2
Twi’lek Advisor 
Vader’s Obsession  x2

Effects (17)
Disarmed 
Imperial Arrest Order 
Mobilization Points 
No Escape 
Reactor Terminal 
Search And Destroy 
Something Special Planned For Them 
Visage Of The Emperor  x8
We’re The Bait  x2

Weapons (4)
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber  x2
Vader’s Lightsaber  x2

Epic Events (1)
Epic Duel 

Unknown Type
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe 
'

Strategy: '

Update 
   No one plays GRIMTASHH in my area and the few times they did they didnt get anything so if GRIMTASH is big in your area change a couple cards but dont tell me to worry bout GRIMTASHH cuz no one plays it against me.


 Ive been playing this deck pretty much since day three of worlds. This is the best version of hunt down high destiny dueling. It plays with 10 sevens so you can choke capture and blind duel the opponent to death. 
  Always go for the first turn flip if they know the deck they wont come after vader that early on and if they dont well you can take care of them. The 3 maras are for a quik invasion of the oponnents docking bays. Im not sure what the meta in other regions but we get a lot of new age throne room around here. That and i use her a lot to do blind duels against Luke just incase for some reason i should loose i still have vader.
  The space fleet is a bit skimpy but the whole game plan when it comes to dedicated space decks is to wipe out there site with the high destinies. stick 4lom and iggy on zuckuss and youve got a mean ship especially when your drawing sevens for your destiny. You can easily hold a system while chasing the opponent around space.
  Visage never gets cancelled or atleast for that long since i play 8. Yes it isnt too smart to have them when it comes to grimtashh but no one plays that around here and you would be surprised how quikly i start to cycle the sevens back into the deck using either reactor terminal or janus. 
  You pretty much play the deck the same every game you set up drains and wait for the opponent to engage you. If they dont come after you then just drain t hem and use search and destroy to hurt the space and cheese decks. As soon as they engage you then you either duel them or beat them up by choking or capturing. 
  When it comes to dueling if your afraid to blind duel then dont play the deck. I blind dueled JK luke with lightsaber on the third turn of the game with focused attack and won by 3. From there on out i had won. Late game you want to non epic vaders obsession so you can retrieve a @#$% load of force.
   The deck seems all balls but it wins and when it wins it wins big. Ive one games with this deck by as much as 44 and it consistly wins by a lot. It has lost maybe 3 games since ive been playing this version. It lost to Brian twiggs palace raider decks cuz at the time i had no retrieval protection and i couldnt do jack against his harvest except sit there and jerk off. It truly is a great deck yet it is hard to play.   '