---
layout: post
author: Damian "Jamintheeye" Loback
title: 'the new garrison that owns land and space'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-11-05
description: 'Well the deck just does what it says and it wreaks decks and with the r3 improvment you win and have fun playing the deck.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Locations
Executor: Docking Bay
Fondor
Hoth
Hoth: Defensive Perimeter
Hoth: Echo Docking Bay
Hoth: Ice Plains <starting
Rendili

Charaters
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Admiral Ozzel *Foil*
Admiral Piett *Foil*
Arica
Commander Igar *Foil* 
Commander Merrejk
Darth Maul
Darth Vader With Lightsaber *Foil* x2
Dr. Evazan & *Ponda Baba
Emperor Palpatine x2
General Veers
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Grand Moff Tarkin *Foil*
Guri
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Prince Xizor
P-59

Blue
Blizzard 1 *Foil*
Blizzard 2 *Foil*
Blizzard 4
Tempest 1
Chimaera *Foil*
Executor
Slave I *Foil*
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter *Foil*

Red
Control & Set For Stun
Force Lightning
Imperial Barrier
Imperial Command x4
Prepared Defenses <Starting
Trample x2
Walker Garrison *Foil* x2
First Strike
Imperial Arrest Order combo <starting
Imperial Decree *Foil*
Mobilization Points <starting
No Escape
Presence Of The Force *Foil*
Something Special Planned For Them
There Is No Try
You May Start Your Landing <starting
We must accelerate our plans x2
Fear is my Ally <starting

Others
We’re In Attack Position Now 
Battle Deployment 

Shields all 9


Strategy: 

Edit
 well i am sorry for the foils its deckmaker my fault ill delete those on my later submissions. And hey i know the spelling is poor but it was late and the shields sorry i didnt name them but here we go.
Oppresive Enforcement
Battle Order
Come Here you big coward
Grabber
well let fate decide
cross fire
a use less gesture
YCHF
And pod racing shield

Sorry for the deck name it just I wasnt thinking

Well whay do people think wys beats this i think not the reason being is because wys can get a first turn flip right but after that i get the 2 from kessel so that makes so tha activation isnt messed with only at hot ice plans and with this deck it is so flexable in play that if wys does play change the whole game play play it as a mains and toys deck then thats always what i do aginst boom race and the tight decks but it all comes down to the force. and what ur opponet does and myhl you kill with direct damage i think with the walkers and the general and commanders at hoth while you own the hoth u can still drain for a total loss of 7 a turn which is killer and thats just on hoth.

END EDIT



Well I decided to post this deck after playing it good for about a month and with r3 will I hope dominate the tournament seen.

Well to start off its your basic imperial commands and walker garrison deck. Right now your thinking to your self the destiny really isnt that good and that you should just move on and rate another deck right. Well I believe that this deck is the most verstile deck out their.

First set up the executor up second turn with the new obj for the light side should be a problem. but by second turn you should be genrating at least 8 to 12 force. With most deck that i have played in Georgia this has always been the case.

Throught about the 3rd threw 5th turns getting your guys out and draining the crap out of ur opponent. I say about 7 with out garrison.

Control space and own the ground if u get the walker garrison set up I think you should win.

The r3 in this deck is very limited but if you read my TR you would understand why.

The tech cards 
Blizzard 4-awsome tech warrior for free what more can you ask for. up keep on the other hand I think is a pain but with the force activated should be a problem.

Trample -kills guys this is old tech but its awsome tech reminds me of the good old Rops decks.

Fear is my ally - all I have to say defense my a.ss because if used right can be use for offensive puropuse and man battle Plan can just finish a game with in moments.

Walker Garrison -dude what do you think  add 2 to drain. Killer card

The key tech to this deck is that you always have to track track track so that you dont lose any good destinies and pull bad destiny . That any Star Wars game hey.




Well the match up

Yavin 4 mains 
hard deck to play aginst because of revolution but in the end you should be able to hold your own and pull a win because if you see that play and try to get decree going but you should own.

EBO

Own best match up period 


Hidden base 
once agian set up drain and probe with executor up in space and commands going around you should own

Wys 
Own You win the drain race and the space you should own(commands of course)them because they cant come to hoth if you got battle deployment out and try to take over tattoine and kessel as fast as you possible can if they set up mence fade transport a couple walker over and own the smugglers.

The new lightsaber combat
Ho my god so scared not own him with the drain race keep you Dark Jedi for hit and run attacks and just drain and direct damage own.

boom race 
own him with your force activation and the shields just hold off on walker garrison and take over endor just cause over flow and track track track and you should win.  

QMC
This is one of the hardest mach ups i think  but with them giving so much force you should win but always fight and try to own bespin.



Any other match ups lets talk and if you think i should change anything just d-mail me or im me deckmaker12.
Peace 
    Damian Loback


And Keep improving decktech    


