---
layout: post
author: ! Philip "WorldChamp" Marschall
title: ! "I’m watching the Duke game right now which has nothing to do with this deck   "
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-09
description: ! 'This is an Ewok deck that is kewl and fun to play and I’m watching the Duke/NC State basketball game right now which probably means nothing to anyone out there soo....STUFF Read my deck and review it'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (4)
Chirpa’s Hutt
Strike Planning
Insurrection
HFTMF

Locations (6)
Bunker
Back Door
Landing Platform
Dense Forest
Hidden Forest Trail
Ewok Village

Pepl (27)
Crix
Gen. Solo
CoK
DoS
Graak 
Teebo
Wicket
Paploo
Wuta
Lumat
Rabin
Ewok Sentry x5
Ewok Spearman x6
Ewok Tribesman 5

Weapons (7) 
Chewie’s Bowcaster
Ewok Catapult x2
Ewok Spear x4

Effects (1)
I Hope She’s All Right

Interrupts (13)
Ewok and Roll x3
Ewok Log Jam 
Yub Yub x2
Insertion Planning x2
Careful Planning x2
Sound the Attack
Take the Initiative x2
'

Strategy: '

OK this deck is almost purely a fun deck but I am playing it at a DS11 closed tourney cuz I’m stupid and I know I’ll lose so I might as well have some fun (and I might win). But anyway here it is card by card
Strike Planning Gets Crix and Gen Solo
Crix Gets Chewie and Sentries
Chewie Gets Wuta
Wuta Gets Sites
I Hope She’s All Right Against space makes them pay for their lack of vision.
Ewok and Roll To add power and to kill vehicles.
Ewok Log Jam To kill vehicles.
Yub Yub To get stuff I forget
Take the Initiative To do stuff with a lot of power.
Careful Planning To activate stuff and recycle the  five destiny.
Insertion Planning To subtract from their destiny and to recycle a destiny 6.

Start game On the first turn, before activating, get Crix and then activate. Deploy him to Chirpa’s Hut and get Chewie. If you have only three force then don’t get Chewie, get an ewok sentry and deploy him. Get the Endor DB with Insurrection and deploy it. Next turn get Chewie and deploy him to the hut, then get Wuta (if you have 5 force) but if you don’t, then don’t get him. Get Solo before you activate then deploy him next turn.
Then slowly just keep drawing and all your characters will help you just beat down the opponent. Use the Ewok Spears to get more power and win battles by excluding people. Also use the interrupts to add power and win more battles. If they go in space and don’t battle you on the ground, get all your sites out with Wuta and drain like mad. 
Hope you like my crazy deck in which only one card is mine but the rest could be mine but I didn’t want them to (the DoS is the only card that is mine). Anyway give my deck a good review or Ewoks will kill you with sharp, pointy TEETH Just kidding but anyway stuff...
The future world champ, Philip
o ya and remember THIS IS A DS2 CLOSED DECK SO DON’T BE LIKE ADD GRABBERS AND SAC OR STUPID STUFF LIKE THAT OK?????

DUKE IS DA BOMB  '