---
layout: post
author: ! Mason "Palleon" Johnson
title: ! "Our Most Desperate Imperials v 3 0"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-24
description: ! 'The OMDH mains deck that will make any imperials desperate.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'STARTING (7) 
Hidden Base / Whoop’s I dropped it 
Indicator 
Heading for the Medical Frigate 
Squadron Assignments 
Staging Areas 
Insurrection 
Rendezvous Point 

Characters(18) 
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x2 
Luke with Lightsaber 
Leia with Blaster x2 
Ben Kenobi x2
Obi-wan with Lightsaber  
Captain Han Solo x2 
Chewbacca, Protector 
Lando with Vibro-ax x2 
Wedge Antillies, Red Squadron Leader 
Orrimaarko 
Dash Render x2 
Lt. Blount 

Effects(6) 
Menace Fades 
Our Most Desparate Hour x3 
Bacta Tank 
Wise Advise & Do, Or Do Not 

Starships(7) 
Millenium Falcon x2 
Outrider x2 
Pulsar Skate 
Red Squadron 1 
Home One 

Weapons(2) 
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber 
Luke’s Lightsaber 

Interrupts(12) 
Fallen Portal x2 
Weapon Levitation x2 
Courage of a Skywalker 
Run, Luke Run 
Transmission Terminated & Out Of Commision 
Gift of the Mentor 
The Signal 
Punch It 
Jedi Presense x2 

Admirals Orders(2) 
I’ll Take The Leader x2 

Locations(6) 
Tatooine Docking Bay 
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace 
Tatooine 
Spaceport Docking Bay 
Alderaan 
Kessel  '

Strategy: '

Edit@@@@@ Swith Kessel out for Corlag

The Low Down This deck has the basci startegy of any other mains deck, but it just has a few twists for the better. Our most desperate hour is very solid with Dash and OMDH x3 you could be retrieveing amounts in excess of 20 force. Dash and the Outrider can also battle great in space. Combined with the falcon and a punch it your almost invincible in space. Don’t forget you can always add leia to the falcon or Outrider. You can use Red 6 and Jek to battle in space or track Red 6’s destiny 6. You won’t have any problem on the ground with all your mains and Jedi presense you will have total power up to 50. 

Playing the Game Don’t use the Spaceport against a deck the starts No Escape, Huntdown, or Court. 

Force Drains With you added drains at docking bays with I’ll take the leader and your saber your drains can get up to about 6-7. 

Defense You can keep saving your pilots in space with bacta tank and putting them back on there ships to battle, OMDH, or Drain in space. I’ll take the leader lets you send the ship to a related docking bay while you get the pilot. Great System. 

Matchups 

Hunt Down If you are playing a battling hunt down you shold be able to win almost everytime. Get Tat DB down and use the rest of your forces to go to them and battle. Use one of your spies to cancel visage and beatdown any character there. Make huge beatdown with Jedi Presense, Fallen Portal, and Wepon Levitation. Against dueling use Run, Luke Run or Courge. These are a great help agaianst duels. TMT & OCC is also great becaus eit slows them down and gives you more time to set up a beatdown. Retrieve with OMDH and battle in space if needed. Tough matchup, but if played right can be done. 

BHBM Use luke really early for a suuicide run then hand him over. Use your mains and Jedi Presense, Fallen Portal, and Weapon Levitation. To lay beatdwon all over the table. Use OMDH to retrieve and win if you played it right. 

Scum You can beatdown and drain at opponets sites and cancel S & V. Don’t let them attack you. Levitate Snoova’s Ax and Mara’s Saber. Make them lose tons of force with Jedi Presense. Retrieve with OMDH and if you play smart you can win easy. If they come to space foght them their with the falcon, Outrider, Red 1, and Punch IT. 

Endor Ops Infiltrate the bunker and beat them down at the docking bay. Kill them at their weakest points in space and Drain on the ground. Retrieve with OMDH and Win. Simple. 

Ties Very tough matchup, don’t spread to hin and use Punch It to battle in their weakest points. Use I’ll Take the leader to lower their power and if you play hard you can win. 

Thanks for Reading and Reviewing 

D-mail me if you have any questions or comments.    '