---
layout: post
author: ! Jayke "Lord_vader20" Ball
title: ! "Ahhh  Harvest time again"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-01-28
description: ! 'WYS deck that kicksumus maximus'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'STARTING
WYS/TPCBALR
Tattooine
Cantina
T Docking Bay
Heading for the frigate
Insurection
Your Insight serves you well
Squad. Assingments

LOCATIONS
Kessel
T Lars moisture farm x2
Hoth DB
Home one DB

CHarctors
Capt. Han
Han w/gun
Lando w/gun
CHewie Protector x2
Lea W/gun
Ralltiir Freighter Captains x5
Merax Tirek x2
Wedge antilies
Tallon Korde
Dash Rendar x2
Owen & Beru Lars x2
Luke skywalker, Jedi Knight x2

Interupts
The Signal
Harvest x3
rebel barrier
i know x2
run luke, run
control & tunnel vision
houjix & out of nowhere
Out of COmmision & Trans. Term.
Nar Sharda Wind Chimes

EFFECTS
Honor of the Jedi
PLanet farthest from
What are you pushing on us?
Ounee Ta
Tattione Celebration
Draw thier Fire
Eject, Eject

Weapons/Admirals Orders
Luke?s Saber
Anikans Saber
No Quesions Asked x2

SHIPS
Falcon
Pulsar Skate
Outrider '

Strategy: '

This is the secong dposting of this deck. In resonse to some reviews, I DO have enough interupts to use the flip side to a +. PLaying harvest from lost pile is just vicious, as with any other interupt. Or playing control to cancel a drain, then using the tunnel vision side to  get a card during my turn. This become a great cycle. Use the harvevst to get back key cards that were lost, plus a harvest you already played. Only play them from lost pile if you absolutly HAVE to.

 Well, first off I know your thinking, what the (*^? Yeah I know what your thinking. BEfore you say different, I DO have enough ships in here. All I need to do is draw either the ship or the pilot, and you can deploy it. The free Owen/lars/hravest tech is sweet. You can set up your big guys on the groung ( luke, lando, CHewie, Talon,) and drain. Then Set up your ships in space. Make shure you don?t sprea out too much, cause big beatdowns suck. The Flip side of the deck is such a B*tch. You can play harvest twice, COntol twice, and any other big interupt twice. This can come in HANDY> You may think Secret plans eats this alive, but it really doesn;t. YOu onlt retive about 4 force from harvest, so your ussually have it. Grapple can be a whore, but remember, Harvest isnt tthe whole point of the deck. here are some deck matchups

COURT Get your drains going in space. Make shure you get abilty 7 so zukus wont be gay. Then deploy big and beadown at the audience chamber. Drain, Retvieve, not a hard game.

TIES Deploy space only at crucial times. Grapple All power to weapons. Retrival will help you out big time.

HUNTDOWN Cancel visage with Trans. Term. Get luke out and kill vader if they come for luke. Drain in space and retive to win.

ANYTHING ELSE React to what opponent does.

THANKS FOR REVEIWING
'