---
author: David "JediGoten" Wyatt
title: 'SYCFA TIES'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-10
description: 'MY no-flip SYCFA TIE swarm deck.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

STARTING(8)

SYCFA
Prepared Defenses
Secret Plans
Mob. Points
SSPFT
Death Star
Docking Bay 327
Alderaan

SYSTEMS(5)

Wakeelmui
Sullust
Endor
Kessel

STARSHIPS(22)

TIE Interceptor x 15
The Emperor’s Sword
The Emperor’s Shield
Dreadnaught x 2
Accuser
Visage
Chimaera

CHARECTERS(9)

Vader w/ Saber x 2
Jodo Kast
Mara
GMT
Commander Merrejk
Commander Brendei
Niado Duegad
GAT

EFFECTS(5)

SFS x 3
DIS
Reactor Terminal

INTERRUPTS(9)

Short-Range Fighters
All Power to Weapons x 4
TIE Sentry Ships x 2
Imperial Command
Twi’lek Advisor

WEAPONS(2)

Mara’s Blade
Ponda Baba’s Hold-out Blaster 

Strategy: 

--------------------------------------
Card List Update - Take out 1 TIE and add 1 Well Guarded
---------------------------------------

Ok, first turn, before activating, use Mob. Points and grab Wakeelmui. Then activate and deploy Wak. and SFS if you have it. If not, no big deal. Start building up your forces at the systems and use the Dreads and SD’s to move em around. Get Merrejk and Brendei out to Docking Bay 327 and grab all the systems and start grabbing TIE’s. This is a pretty standard TIE swarm deck. Get a bunch of TIEs spread around with capital ships to move em around. APTW helps alot by adding power and immunity. Cancel their drains with DIS and if needed, use the little ground power in this deck to do some ground damage if needed. I know this isnt alot of strategy but there isnt much to explain.

Card Explinations:

Ponda’s Blaster - A beast if used by Jodo. Destiny +3 to hit and forfeit = 0.

TIE Sentry Ships - Great when used with TIEs to smackdown at clouds, asteroids, or other systems.

Brendei - Pulls TIES

Niado - Good ability 3 power guy.

Matchups:

HB: Try to probe early on and watch for their starships. Should be a fairly easy game.

TIGIH: Dont worry about ground at all. Lose the ground guys to drains and just build up your space power and win the drain race.

WYS: Good idea here is to deploy all your guys at once and get em in the Cantina. Hold in for as long as possible as you build up you space forces and crush whatever they bring up.

QMC: Right now, auto-win, beat down Bespin, game over. Once Tatooine comes out, Forget about Bespin and your ground forces and spread to the systems and win the drain race.

EBO X-Wings: Prolly the hardest matchup I can think off. Key here is just get your ships out asap and keep 4-5 TIEs to a system and capitals to help out. Good thing Interceptors are power +1 with x-wings.

Thats about it, plz review constructively(sp?).    