---
author: Maximilien "Kiriel" Bouchard
title: 'AOBS_ALPHA_NOR3'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-11-09
description: 'Choke, Direct, Damage, no RIII'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (8) 
Agents of Black Sun/Vengeance of the Dark Prince 
Coruscant 
Coruscant: Imperial City 
Prince Xizor 

Prepared Defences 
Imperial Arrest Order/Secret Plans 
Mobilisation Points/You Cannot Hide Forever 
Crush The Rebellion 

Locations (4) 
Rendili 
Coruscant: Docking Bay 
Death Star: Docking Bay 327 
Blockade Flagship: Bridge 

Starships (3) 
Bossk In ...
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter x2 


Characters (19) 
Aurra Sing 
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle x2
Dengar With Blaster Carbine 
Prince Xizor 
Vigo x2 
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle x2 
Guri x2 
IG-88 With Riot Gun 
Emperor Palpatine x4 
P-59 x2
Jodo Kast

Effects (7) 
No Escape 
Presence Of The Force x2 
Bad Feeling
First Strike
Search and Destroy
Allegations of Corruption 

Interrupts (18) 
We Must Accelrate our Plans x 2 
Force Lightning x 2 
Oh Switch Off x 2 
Control and Set for Stun 
I Have You Now 
Projective Telepathy x2 
They&#8217;re Still Coming Through 
Pull All Section on alert 
Hidden Weapons x2
Jabba’s Through with you
Sense & UITF x2
Imperial Barrier

Podracer (1)
Sebulba


Strategy: 

First Strike must be First Strike/Battle Order
Early Game: First action of the game, if your opponent didn’t start with Don’t Do That Again: Search for Rendili if he play with the defensive shield he could only play it after your first action.
You now activate 4 force + opponent force. Try to get Xizor on D*Db with Guri and a Vigo it’s always good and Emperor on an opponent site or on the blokade site or the Cor :Db with a Presence of the Force with Ig-88 or Jodo and a Vigo deploy Bad feeling and keep a  Projective Telepathy in hand.

Mid Game: You know activate for 10 + opponent force.Track like a machine with the obj and wait for luke or the beatdown.  Keep your ship and Control & Set for Stun in hand for a beatdown in space.  Hidden weapon is for Qui qon and Luke JK.

Late game  
Drain, Damage, and win. If you lost the D*:Db you can retrive it with PASOA hehe.<

Match up
Vs all kind of space deck
Don’t grap Rendili for your first action instead grab S&D with YISYW.  Flip early for a max of damage like with emperor, POTF and a vigo on Blokate site and Xizor and Guri on D*Db
Sense key cards, Play Battle Order and Projective Telepathy, he will have to pay for his drain.
Try to beatdown with Zukuss, 4-lom, Bossk, First Strike, track four 6 and a Set for stun.. it alway works. Emperor must choke the undercover Spy.

Vs MWYHL
 Don’t grap Rendili for your first action instead grab S&D with YISYW.  Flip early for a max of damage like with emperor, POTF and a vigo on Blockate site and Xizor and Guri on D*Db
Sense key cards, Counter Anger Fear Agression with Projective Telepathy Track low for sense and prepare for beatdown with the defensive stuff.

Vs WYS 
Really cool Match-up. He will have hard time with activation and you too.  Play Emperor on 
Cantina and move Xizor on Tat : Db.  Don’t Deploy Rendili and D*Db for choke him.  Dengar is the MAN for shotThe Bastard Smuggler. Bad Feeling I Have make luke hard to play... Late game: Beatdown in space.  You should win.

Podrace: You can win the podrace personnaly I have win it 5 times and nerver lost it 2 vs a Podprofit and  3 vs 2 diferrent WYS Podrace.  The key is to start Allegation Of Corruption instead of Mob pointand sebulba podracer.  
Vs WYS Podrace: First Turn you activate 7 force : you block him, draw a 3 if you have a sense and an emperor on table deploy emperor and sense if he play A Step Backward if not move Xizor on Cor db and Grab ASB.  Mid game try to flip his obj back to sense the others ASB and Track 6 to win the race and the game
Vs Podprofit same thing except that you must expect that he will try to sense your sence.

Vs Profit + Any deck without space
Deploy Dengar and Jodo Kast, try to deploy Palpy ASAP and Bunker the Audience with him.  Xizor and guri stay at the d*db. Deploy Rendili first turn with a ship and Battle Order he can’t pay 3 a turn to drain with his activation.  Battle Order will win the game

Vs Quiet Mining
Choke him, Deploy, Battle, Drain, Win .....

New Main Duel 
I think you could try to capture the main with a 6 and ig-88 or with hidden weapon or win duel with emperor and 2x 6. Event if palpy can’t force drain he does direct damage.
Sense : The first is never expect  by the opponent and force him to deploy defensive shield. Battle Order help a lot because he has to pay for his drain. And if you control a system with Zukass YCHFE is in action (if he play with Don’t do that again) and if you have a tracked 6 on top of your  deck you can lightning the first Jedi that come in front of Palpy (defence value -1 with YCHFE)Track is the key in this match-up

Hidden Weapon and 4-lom? : It ’s deadly vs Luke JK and Quigon or any Jedi with immunity 

Why Mob. : For force opponent to deploy the defensive shield, and grap a planet first turn or S&D
Cards I would like to add: 
Ghh&those rebel won’t escape us
Evader monnok
6x emperor palpatine
We wish to board at once

Excuse the bad english 
Thanks for the review
If you have a question dmail me
Kiriel_5@hotmail.com 
