---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "choker" Sorrell
title: ! 'Harvesting Sanitarium Readmitted'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-31
description: ! 'Its back (still unique) and better than ever.  Made a couple of changes to greatly improve the flow of the deck.  Changes are courtesy of some great suggestions from you guys.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting... 
You Can Either Profit From This/Or Be... 
Aud. Chamber 
Jabba’s Palace 
Heading for the Medical Frigate 
The Camp 
Wise Advise/Do Or Do Not 
Don’t Do That Again 
EPP Han [Imprisoned (] 

Characters... 
Qui-Gon x2 
Ben Kenobi x3 
Jedi Luke x2 
Master Luke 
EPP Leia x2 
EPP Han x2 
Beru & Owen x3 
Artoo 
Naked Threepio 
EJP Lando 
Monk 
Shmi 

Effects... 
Legendary Starfighter for the Jedi 
Honor of the Jedi 
Grabber 
A Gift 

Interrupts... 
Harvest x4 
Run Luke, Run 
Weapon Levitation x2 
Out of Commsion/Trans. Term. x2 
Bith Shuffle/Desperate Reach 
Nebruin Leids 
Tunnel Vision x3 
Leia Frees Han For Free (Someone Who Loves You) x2 
Gift of the Mentor 
A Jedi’s Resilience 
Sorry About the Mess/Blaster Prof. 
It Could Be Worse 

Weapons... 
Qui-Gon’s Saber 
Anakin’ Saber 
Ben’s Saber

Locations... 
Moisture Farm x3
Slave Quarters x2


'

Strategy: '

I just want to extend a thanks for all those who took the time to not only review this deck but give me some cool suggestions. I’ve consider your advice...and this is the finely tuned result.  Some of you expressed valid concerns, which led me to add in another tunnel vision (to set up the harvesting machine) and another Lar’s Moisture Farm.  I took out the Cantina because the monk serves the purpose of maximizing my drains.  You guys were right, Cantina is just too far from my other locations for my guys to hang out.  I dropped Luke’s Saber for Ben’s Saber because I added in another Ben after seeing just how powerful that man is on tatooine.  Afterall, I can use Ani’s Saber w/ Luke, and the addition of another jedi/saber combo is just too tempting to pass up.  I dropped Corran Horn after adding in the third tunnel vision cause I can always tunnel for Sorry About the Mess if spies become a problem, which they really aren’t in my area.  Hope you guys like the changes. 

A lot of people voiced that they weren’t that crazy about any kind of Profit deck, and I can understand that too.  Profit is not an easy deck to win with, but when played correctly with this type of retrieval it’s hard to deny its validity.

BEFORE REVIEWING... 
I want to make it widely known that I was NOT attempting to come up with the most powerful light deck out there. On the contrary, I am simply putting forth what I see to be one of the best alternatives to the WYS harvesting that these days is becoming SO popular. My reason for choosing the Profit set-up is quite simple. I wanted to chiefly find a deck variant that revolved around tatooine (that way I would not have to rely on Nebruining all over the place between harvests). Secondly, I wanted to use a deck with a lot of direct damage/beat down potential. And third, I wanted to use a deck that would keep the opponent on their toes. When most dark side players see WYS their first reaction is to make one of their three starting effects Secret Plans. Thus, I purposely started the EPP Han imprisoned so the opponent wouldn’t be tempted to stick out Plans for a starting effect (since I’m only going to retrieve 5). Ok...my rant is done 

WHY NOT START WITH THE FARM AND SLAVE QUARTER W/ CAREFUL PLANNING? 
Well, like Brian Hunter I feel that the start just denies you of some powerful effects. Profit, when played correctly, has SO much direct damage potential that I feel it’s an offer too good to pass up. The Careful Planning start in my eyes just doesn’t carry the speed or enough ability to inflict damage into the opponent early in the game. It’s fine and dandy that the Careful Planning start retrieves a lot of force, but if it can’t inflict force loss then what’s the point? That’s just my view. 

To play this deck is simple, but to master this deck is a whole other story. The complication lies in the fact that you don’t start with any of the cards out that would aid in setting up your harvesting package. I’ve attempted to solve this in two simple ways. First, I run two Slave Quarters (a great twix site by itself) to allow me to set-up the ever popular Shmi/Threepio pull, which allow you to pull and dump all kinds of cards into your hand and into your reserve. On top of this, just for security, I run three tunnel visions of the original kind (because I will never play these cards for the Control should I use the combo) to allow me to a)help set up my harvesting mid-game or b)get nice battling card combos. 

Your first priority in playing this deck should be to free han. In my area, I’ve tried some Profit decks every now and then just to mix it up, and no one puts aliens to the audience chamber at the start of the game. If they do you should have adequate power to kick them out. After all, they can sit at the audience chamber all they like while you haven’t flipped because they aren’t force draining you to cause any dramatic change in the game. Play patiently in order to guarantee the clearing of the Chamber when you choose to invade Jabba’s infamous layer. The Harvesting then comes in after you’ve flipped your objective because the harvests are designed to make up the ground you lost when attempting to free han. My big problem with Profit is the light side seems to start in a whole from the very beginning (w/ the ds’s ability to deploy aliens to the chamber and also with the intense effort it sometimes takes to flip your objective). If you play your cards right, literally,the Harvests should alow you to retrieve first all the high destiny cards then place one of the low-destiny characters that you want to retrieve on the tope of the three high destiny cards just retrieved (I hope that made some semblance of sense). Then, activate up to the four cards you retrieved and use threepio’s text to pull the good character (just retrieved) into your hand. Now you have three good destiny still in your reserve to damage you opponent with. This strat should make clearing the DS off ground fairly uneventful. 

As for space...well, I chose to go without a space package. This is why...let’s be honest, Profit NEVER was an objective meant to be space heavy. No matter how many landing claws or Home Ones I stick in, the DS still is going to have their way in space if they want to. Profit was designed to have the HUGE direct damage element for the sole reason that it was so weak in space. So I’m not going to try to attempt to do something Profit was not build to do...if you want to add in a small space package feel free. 
The drains should be enough to overwhelm and dedicated DS space deck, considering ties are very unpopular today and all the big blue decks will be slow to start with Don’t Do That Again on the table. Profit simply wins with speed against space. 

Don’t Do That Again also allows me to pull one of three of my immediate effects. Although I would not recommmend pulling A Gift cause Artoo can pull it himself. The starting effects in general are designed to slow the opponent by denying activation and increasing the opponent’s deploy. Then I have to have SAC protection from the combo card. The Legendary Starfighter for the Jedi as,I like to call it, is so cool. The destiny is so high that it won’t be hard to knock out a dark jedi (considering there’s so many of them these days) with one of your jedis. 

I played this deck for a while now and I really enjoy it I’ll just explain some more of the card picks for ya... 

Weapon Lev. x2 is essential. Geting my Lightsabers on my mains is so crucial to my success. You and I both know just how annoying those lightsabers can be on a jedi when Profit is flipped (or unflipped for that matter). 

Out of Comm./Tans. Term. x2 and Run Luke, Run. Hunt Down protection. Nough said 

Bith Shuffle/Desperate Reach Combo. It’s a recyclable 5 destiny that allows me to cancel Imperial Barrier, which is essential if I’m going to clear the chamber on my terms. 

Grabber. Since this deck kinda does its own thing it’s imperative that you have atleast one grabber in here, so your opponent can’t do his own thing (if you know what I mean). 

Master Luke. I like that he deploys for free and can send an alien back to opponent’s hand. This comes in very handy when trying to clear the Audience Chamber. 

Someone Who Loves You x2. I get to free Han without a fight...come on...that’s an offer I can’t pass up. 

No Space? Read my rant above. 

Only two copies of Qui-Gon. I feel like I fave enough ways of getting him out of my deck that I’m confident he’ll be there when I need him. If you worry about getting himout, stick in that site from Tatooine that allows you to play a jedi from reserve deck. It’s up to you. 

Well...I could write some more, but I’m tired. Hope you guys like some of my ideas and the general alternative this deck provides. I’m not claiming this is world championship quality or anything, but I can vouch that it’s very solid. This is the type of deck that you could surprise people with at a tourney and have a lot of success. Play Star Wars and remember....have fun Sometimes we unfortunately forget this 

Michael ”the Spider Monkey” Sorrell 


'