---
layout: post
author: Nathan "Xavier Six" Cardamone
title: 'Jezz this deck is hard to play,,, but I most profit from it.'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-17
description: 'Modified version of my last Profit deck. It did okay at the last tournament against a copycat "Chain of Command" deck, but I picked up on a few changes that were needed.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Start: 4

Profit/Destroy
JP:AC
Tat: JP
HFTMF
(everything else varies)

Locations: 5

Tatooine x2
Tat: Db
HO: Db
<> Db

Characters: 19

Han W/b
Cap. Han
Leia w/b
Daughter of Sky
Major Haash’n
Dash
Tawss Khaa
Wedge RSL
Corran Horn
Ben K x2
M. Luke x3
J. Luke 
Chewie P x2
Lando w/v
Orrimarko

Ships: 5

Lando in
H. One
Liberty
RS one
Outrider

Weapons and Devices: 5

Lukes LS
Bens LS
Anakins LS
Chewies Bow
Obis J

Interupts: 13

Someone who 
I Know
Life Debt
Gift of M
Don’t Get @#$%y
Fallen P x3
Weapon Lev x2
The Force is Strong
Punch It
Strangle

Effects: 9

Tat Cel
Staging A
Insurrection
Menace Fades
Ounee Ta
Reflection
Goo Ney Ta
Lightsaber Proficency
DODN/WA 

Strategy: 

Okay for starters this is a revision of a deck I submitted earlier so if there is some point of stragedy I miss here check under "You can either... on second thought just be destroyed."
This deck uses a lot of different combos and is rather versitile. 

Combos:

Ben and Luke and Daughter (all armed and with both Obis J and LS Prof) = If you manage to get this combo up, march with them cause almost nothing can beat them and their +3 or +4 to force drains can’t be canceled so no matter where they are they bring pain to the dark side. Gift of Ment, Weap Lev, and I Know can help set this up.

Chewie and Leia and Han (and Luke?)= This trio can be very mighty especially if you have I Know and Life Debt. This easier 5 card combo can under the right circumstances lead to an abrupt victory.

Lando in, Corran, Punch It and Wedge = Not your only space but these cards can be great when your trying to hold Tatooine against a darkside fleet. Lando in and Corran make you immune to Zuckuss and Punch It is great if they don’t have Guri there. Wedge makes the pot even sweeter cause with Corran (A Rogue Squadron pilot) he cancels the dark sides pesky destiny draw.

Weapon Lev + Fallen Portal = these two can really turn the tide of a battle for you. Too many darn people are playing You are Beaten and in my opinion this is the best means of stoping it. Stealing Mara’s or Vader’s stick can be fun too.

J. Luke, Lukes LS, LS Prof, and Strangle = I have pulled this combo off several times against BHBM and it is always hilarious. I don’t know why but the darkside is always letting vader carry around luke all by himself and I love it. Not only does this combo free luke but it also puts vader and maybe his stick in the lost pile. I usually use Strangle right after they play rise my friend. Just so you know a luke with an 11 power means you only need draw a 2 or 3 to break free of vader.

Goo Nee Ta and <> Db = Okay this can be a life saver in desperate situations. If for some reason that elludes me now your sure the dark side is gonna bring a one turn beatdown on you run and hide at the <> Db (unless they’re playing No Escape) they deploy +3 here because just about all of the darksides beatdown squads are pilots.

There are other combos but you can figure them out.

Why certain cards...

Someone who... MKOS makes it impossible to free han any other way really. Only one cause well not that many people play MKOS around here.

Reflection... can make all the difference in really close games

Lando in... Easier to pull off Punch It with this card. Good for a suicide beatdown.

Major Haash’n... Lat Dam protection

Characters... cause they all fighter like rabid dogs.

Destiny adders... Cause guri and Jodo Kast can only be at two sites and tarkin is a pain. Allows you to more safely break into two or three man teams after the flip.

What to start...

Han... Choose the han that you think will serve you best and consider they might play Secret Plans

Effects... I usually choose Menace,Staging, and Insurrect, but against operatives,rallops, and Scum I go with Ounee Ta

Matchups... 

BHBM... Get Jedi Luke out soon and set up if possible for a strangle. If they leave the Emp alone pounce with Corran and company but not luke. I hate I have you now. This usually isn’t a hard match.

Hunt down... As stated this deck did well against even the stout "Chain of Command". The dueling version of this deck is a real pain however. Do your best to kill Vader and Mara as they come out. This can sometimes screw-up their strategy as they usually don’t expect you to just charge at their mains. Flip is rather important against this deck.

Black Sun... I swear to god if you lose against this deck I will come to your house personally and kill you. If they are stupid enought to deploy their bounty hunters to the AC come down on them with a flaming vengence and kill. Flip and win.

Operatives... Start Ounee Ta... umm... that usually means game.

Scum... Start Ounee Ta... Fight tooth and nail over Tatooine... this match usually just goes to the better player.

MKOS... Don’t Start Ounee Ta... they can’t None Shall Pass you till after you flip. Fight it out on Tatooine... not many play this around here.

Ties... Don’t Deploy Tat Cel until your ready to bunker down the system. Start Menace... Flip and out drain and direct damage them.

Well I hope you have fun with this. By the way please read everything throughly before you comment. I don’t care about getting a low rating, but don’t comment on a problem I’ve already adressed cause believe me I know it is there and no deck is perfect no matter how well made. Also note that this is not an easy deck to play, it was not designed for newbies. Most of it’s failings are easily made up for by good card playing and decent strategy.

