---
author: Eric "bounty22" Hunter
title: 'lion licking scouts'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-20
description: 'as powerful as the lion clan....spicy high destiny scouts to kick some...'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

 
Unknown Type:
Endor 
Endor: Landing Platform (Docking Bay) 
Endor: Rebel Landing Site (Forest) 
Home One: Docking Bay 
Hoth: Echo Docking Bay 

Characters (19)
Admiral Ackbar 
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk  x2
Corporal Midge 
General Crix Madine 
General McQuarrie 
General Solo  x2
General Walex Blissex 
Leia With Blaster Rifle  x2
Lieutenant Blount 
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight  x2
Luke With Lightsaber 
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber  x3
Orrimaarko 

Starships (1)
Home One 

Interrupts (26)
Balanced Attack  x2
Endor Celebration  x2
Insertion Planning  x3
Lost In The Wilderness  x2
On The Edge  x2
Out Of Commission & Transmission Terminated  x4
Rebel Barrier 
Rebel Leadership  x3
The Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach  x2
Throw Me Another Charge  x2
Tunnel Vision  x3

Effects (8)
Do, Or Do Not 
Draw Their Fire 
Insurrection 
Menace Fades 
Order To Engage 
Staging Areas 
Strike Planning 
Your Insight Serves You Well 

Unknown Type:
Rebel Strike Team/Garrison Destroyed 


Strategy: 

sorry take out a balanced atack and a ooc/tt and put in a anikan saber and a hftmf.......


well this is what you do, pull crix and general... take out cok then use rebel leadership to take out oppoents ground.... then ackbar in home 1 is there just to hold onto endor so u can have menace fades or stuff.against ties take out the drain guy so you can drain against them.... on the edge is so you can retrive and also lose a guy in a losing battle to cancel it... but basicly that dosen’t happen cause you will come beat them done..... also take out blount early to go after the lone charecter activating at a db....... rebel leadership is also GOLD against decks that use stuff like mighty jabba and ig-88 and sim aloo..... make them get 1 destiny then subtract 3 from it hmm..... or cancel it with general solo? GOLD. also u can use endor celebration for a few extra force.... a key crd in this deck it tunnel vision so that you get the key battle interupts........ tell me what u think. 