---
layout: post
author: Tim "Info Broker" Guzman
title: 'Really no order with Imps involved'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-05-03
description: ! 'This is what I played at the Vegas DPC, so you know. It is an Idea that Alex had from Canada, thanks Alex, which I mixed up with my space Court, and here you have it.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective
Court of The Vile Gangster

Locations
Tatooine Pit of Carkoon
JP Audience Chamber
JP Dungeon
DSII Docking Bay
Executor Docking Bay
Endor
Kashyyyk

Characters
Darth Vader with Saber x2
DLOTS x2
Emperor Palpatine
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba
Guri
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Commander Merrejk
Admiral Chiraneau
Admiral Piett
Boba Fett with Gun
4-Lom with gun
Mighty Jabba
Prince Xizor
Dengar with Gun
Ig-88 with Gun
Mara Jade

Weapons
Mara Jade’s Saber

Ships
Executor
Bossk in Hound’s tooth
Chimaera
Stinger
Virago
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Effects
Mobilization Points
There is No Try & Oppressive Enforment
Something Special Planned for Them
Secret Plans
There’ll Be Hell To Pay x2
Resistance
You Cannot Hide Forever
Search and Destroy
Lateral Damage
Blast Door Controls
First Strike
Battle Order

Interrupts
Prepared Defenses
Masterful Move x2
Monnok x2
Twi’lek Advisor
You Are Beaten
Imperial Command x3
Endor Occupation
None Shall Pass x2
Ommni Box & It’s Worse

'

Strategy: '

Well there it is.  I am posting this so all of you know what I played at the DPC in Vegas.  It help me get 7th place.  Personally I really do not care whether or not you think it is good or not.  Everything will change when tatooine comes out anyway.

If any of you seen Alex’s deck of Imperial Court, then you will know where I got the Idea from, and since I tested it, I thought it would be a good choice for the DPC.  Now I always like Space Court, since my Court decks on my page are about that, so I made many changes to the deck to fit my style.  

Now this is what I played Card for card, but a lot of the card choice were based off of meta, so like you do not have to play with 2 None Shall Passes if you do not want to, that just works great when they do not expect it since you have Imps in your deck, most think nothing about it.

The Effect choices are to beat, EBO, Swarm of any kind, and Profit.  This deck so far has not lost to WYS ever.  Just be strong in space, and choose battles on the ground.  It has Character removal, and everything you need in a good dark deck.  It is very balanced as well, and if you play smart, and make good decisions you should do well with it, at any tournament.  YES I play with 2 Masterful Move’s and 2 Monnok’s....Trust me, this throws people off all the time.  It is not wasted space.  Both of those cards are huge.  Easy to track is one, and get’s a good interrupt, and Monnok is just good for so many reason, I won’t even list them.

I tested another version that has 2 Emperor’s and a Force Lighting, which is awesome, but didn’t go with that for DPC, because of the choice of have 2 Monnoks.  There is so many changes you can make to this deck and still be a good deck, and that is why I like it so much.  Personally I think this version is the best...since my record with it is so good )

I would tell you how to play this deck against all the light decks out there, but I am to lazy to type all that up, so if you really want to know what to do then D-mail me, and I will tell you.

Thanks,
Tim Guzman '