---
layout: post
author: ! Dennis "Denethor" Jeffris
title: ! "TIGIH Is Better Than RST If You Play It Right"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-06-28
description: ! 'You heard me correctly.  Its much better if you play it correctly.  Why do you ask?  Read this deck.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (10)
There Is Good In Him/I Can Save Him
Endor Chirpa’s Hut
Endor Landing Platform
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Luke’s Lightsaber
I Feel The Conflict
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Don’t Do That Again
Insurrection
Strike Planning

Locations (4)
Endor Rebel Landing Site
Endor Dense Forest
Endor Back Door
Endor Hidden Forest Trail

Characters (20)
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Qui-Gon Jinn x2
Corporal Kensaric
Corporal Midge
Admiral Ackbar
Corran Horn
Owen & Beru Lars
Daughter Of Skywalker
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Lieutenant Blount
Orrimaarko
Colonel Cracken
Lieutenant Page
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk
Major Panno
General Crix Madine
Wuta
Major Haash’n
General Solo

Starships (3)
Spiral
Liberty
Home One

Interrupts (19)
Sense x2
Sense & Recoil In Fear
Insertion Planning x3
Dodge
Somersault x2 (tech)
Noble Sacrifice
Shocking Information & Grimtaash
The Signal
Endor Celebration
Dash
Too Close For Comfort x2
Sorry About The Mess
Rebel Leadership
Weapon Levitation

Effects (3)
Goo Nee Tay
Bacta Tank
What’re You Trying To Push On Us?

Weapons (1)
Qui-Gon Jinn’s Lightsaber '

Strategy: '

-response to reviews-

-----------

Yea, I would like to add in I Hope She’s Alright, but I simply can’t find room for it.  Maybe I’ll take out a Somersault as someone suggested.  And I won’t be in trouble if Vader fights Luke... Luke is immediately captured  Thanks for the reviews.  And I have played a podracing-heavy deck, and I won that game.  The 22 force swing hurts, but it’s only 11 force loss for me, and I can survive that.   Besides, all I need is to win 4 battles, which is easily done.  Those cards on I Feel The Conflict hurt BAD, and not just to turn Vader, but just the extra force loss.  Orrimaarko hurts with this too.

-----------

Actually, I don’t know if RST is better, it’s more preference.  But I prefer TIGIH... so... yea.


Why is TIGIH better than RST you say?  Well, mainly, because it is a lot less card intensive and there are almost no bullets to destroy it (if there are, they must not be too severe).

My basic strategy here is to get my drains hitting hard and fast.  First turn you go, before activating, get Crix Madine.  Now activate and drain for one, then deploy any sites in your hand.  Deploy Crix, pull scouts, etc, etc etc.  You all know how to work scouts (if not, d-mail me and I’ll explain it to you).  DO NOT pull Midge first turn.  It’s too risky to deploy him with little back up.  Pull Wuta instead (or, if you have enough force, Chewbacca then Wuta).  Deploy a (preferrably Back Door) and move Luke to it and keep Crix, Chewie, and Wuta at the landing platform.  Then pull Midge, spread out (but not with thin defenses) and drain, drain, drain  You can get incredible drains going by turn 3 that won’t quit.  Make sure you get Luke over to the Landing Platform ALONE so if they deploy someone there, you can get captured and kill them that way.  Or, if they deploy Arica, like many people I play like to do (he’s not captured, is he?), use Sorry About The Mess and get rid of her.  Now, you’re free to drain and kill all who come down.  Luke by himself can take anyone.  Maul may give you slight problems (especially with I Have You Now) so if you must forfeit him, deploy Qui-Gon, get rid of him, and deploy your other Luke.  It’s a small disturbance, but doable.  If Maul brings along his stick, use Dodge and avoid it, and then use Insertion Planning to reduce attrition so you hopefully don’t die.

Some things that gave this deck problems before were these

Undercover spies - I now have Corran Horn and Sorry About The Mess in here for just such an occasion.  This basically gets rid of all threats from spies.  Worried about Arica breaking cover and slicing Luke?  Don’t worry, he’s immediately captured when she does that.  =-)  I dodged these spy bullets.

TIEs - I used to be rocked by TIE swarms draining for millions.  This is why I included Ackbar, Haash’n, Home One, Liberty, Spiral, and Rebel Leadership to help against Chimaera in Big Blue.  You activate lots so you can deploy Home One, Ackbar, Haash’n, Cracken, and Blount all in one turn if needed.  That will hold a system for quite a while.  Also, Relentless Pursuit has given me a few problems.  This is why I’ve included a few Senses.  Sense is a very useful card in many occasions, but this is just the most useful usually.  A Bright Center To The Universe is troublesome.  However, with Wuta on Endor, you can drain for 2 at Endor system if they want to deploy it.  This helps a bit.  If they leave it unoccupied, invade if possible.  Don’t Do That Again slows down TIEs TREMENDOUSLY because they can’t pull out Wakeelmui quickly.  The grabber is used mainly for All Power, so that helps a lot.  I don’t like Bright Center.  So I dodged TIE’s bullet also.

ISB Ops have given me a few problems, although not many at all.  Most of their characters are spies and undercover, so just Corran them.  Save Sorry About The Mess for 5D6.  Without him, they are hard-pressed to stop my drains.

You May Start Your Landing, although I have not played it, I can see it might give me a few problems because of Imperial Decree.  If these are big decks in your area, start Rebel Scout instead of Jedi Knight so you can cancel the immunity, then docking bay transit him over if they decide to use the docking bay (which they usually do), then attack him and kill him.  Qui-Gon and Rebel Scout will rock this deck if used wisely and as a team.

Now how about some nifty card choices?

-Dash- How can you not play with this card?  One of your scouts can react to a battle for free.  This is huge.  My favorite thing to do with this is get Luke over to the Hidden Forest Trail.  Then, if the opponent initiates a battle at another Endor site, just Dash him through the trail into their site, and they’re going to lose 2 force a turn until they can get Vader down there.  It’s neat and annoying.  Also, can be used to get him over to the Landing Platform to do the same effect.  Or just move a scout over to an adjacent battle site, either one.  Highly useful card.  Never leave home without it.

-Somersault- Why, oh why do I use this card?  Well, for one, it helps me turn Vader much faster.  Let’s say they’ve got Maul down at a site all alone, but I only have Orrimaarko in my hand.  I can’t win that battle  Oh wait, I just use Somersault and flip the odds.  It helps win battles, cause battle damage, and all this other cool stuff.  A MUST in ANY TIGIH deck.  Also, with the relatively high destiny dark decks nowadays, it’s nice to be able to switch your sometimes low destiny with theirs and win the battle that way.  Stacks more cards, wins more often, a must.  Again, never leave home without it.  You don’t need massive power to win.  I find it to be excellent ’tech’ as you might say.

-Dodge- Why wouldn’t any light deck play with this?  With so many lightsabers floating around in dark decks nowadays, you will have no chance surviving the assault of all of them.  Hence, Dodge.  Now they have almost no chance in hitting any of your force-attuned or greater characters.  I’ve seen this card becoming more popular, which is very good.  Excellent card.  Also, if you’re in bad trouble, move away your lone character for FREE from a deadly battle.  Neato card.

-Too Close For Comfort- Again, another defensive-weapon card.  You will not get hit very often with this card, and even if they do break through with the force cost, play Dodge and they won’t hit squat  HAHAHAHAHAA  Or play Weapon Levitation.  Either way.  They won’t hit you, I promise you  -).

-Endor Celebration- Come on, this is just money against today’s meta.  How many decks are TDIGWATT nowadays?  Let’s see... about 90% of them.  This card is absolute devastation against it, since it cancels CC Occupation.  That means almost game-over.  And you can cancel Dark Deal just by putting Home One at the system, Qui-Gon, and a few scrubs down at 3 different sites, which will cancel it, then move your scrubs to Qui-Gon’s site and hold it.  It’s nice.  Or, if you’re just a few force short of a Home One, use this and get the extra activation you need.  Yea, that’s money right there.  Plus, it’s a destiny 5  Everyone likes fireworks too.

-Shocking Info and Grimtaash- Simply bullets against my local meta.  People like TIEs here and rarely use Well Guarded, so just punish them for it.  Exchange if you want to.  Also, can be used to cancel Merrejk’s ability to use the scomp link, then kill him off  That will wreck many, many decks.

-Noble Sacrifice- People like to deploy Thrawn nowadays, right?  That’s cool, because I can just use it to get rid of a lame scrub and retrieve for it.  Neato, and very useful in late game.  Nice.

-Goo Nee Tay- I hate Myyiioommm or whatever.  Also, since there are about 50 >2 ability people for dark, this hurts them big time.  Not bad, not bad at all.

So you see why this is better than RST?  At least I think it is.  RST is an excellent deck, don’t get me wrong.  I have one myself.  I just like this since you start with everything you need.  And, you can drain all you want on the front side  Yes, I love it.  Thanks for reviewing.

-Dennis ”Alucard” Jeffris   '