---
layout: post
author: Martin "Mart" Akesson
title: 'This deck is better'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-11-25
description: 'lightsaber combat deck that placed 2nd at freedomcon.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

objective:

we’ll handle this/duel of the fates

epic event:

inner strength

locations:

theed palace generator
theed palace generator core
jedi council chamber

characters

qui-gon jinn, jedi master X4
obi-wan with lightsaber X3
luke with lightsaber X2
yoda, master of the force
boushh
TK422
threepio with this parts showing

starships:

han, chewie and the falcon
r2 in red 5 X2

weapons/devices

intruder missile
bionic hand X2
qui-gons lightsaber (Destiny 5)X2

effects:

goo nee tay X2
honor of the jedi
another pathetic lifeform
your insights serves you well
scrambled transmission
an unusual amount of fear

interrupts:

shocking info/grimtaash
blue milk
a jedis resilience X3
free ride& endor celebration
dodge x2
heading for the medical frigate
sense X2
sense & recoil in fear
it can wait
houjux and out of nowhere
on the edge
the bith shuffle& desperate reach X2
tunnel vision X3
star destroyer!
were you looking for me?
rebel barrier
speak with the jedi council X2
strike blocked X2

defensive shields:

a close race
a tragedy has occured
aim high
battle plan
dont do that again
only jedi carry that weapon
ounee ta
ultimatum
wise advice
do, or do not


Strategy: 

this lightsabe combat deck is build around high destiny, hit and run attacks and avoiding opponenet from beating your jedi down. The deck will cause 4 damaga a turn unless your opponent commes down with his jedi to naboo. 

If your opponenet ignores you on naboo you will hit him with your epps and get them back with resilience while draining for 4. No deck can usually handle this, with exception for some occupation decks, preferably with vehicles! 

if they try to put their jedi in front of you, protect your characters from battles with cards like barrier, dodge, it can wait and houjux. your huge destiny will allow you to win every combat against a deck that dont run deep hatred, and even if you do, you have plenty of destiny 7s and 6s in the deck. just put the 7s back with threepio if you dont play against a deck that tries to lightsaber combat.

Against a dark version of lightsaber combat, grabb blow parried. without this card, and with strike blocked you should win almost every lightsaber combat.

2 undercover both protects you from drains on naboo if your opponenet commes, or at other places like the jedi council chamber if you opponenet invades it (most of the time one epp or honor of the jedi is enough).

jedi council chamber + 2 speak with the jedi council is enough to give you activation. Tunnel visions draws them out quick if needed. if your opponent doesnt give you any icons, he is not a threat to you. and your jedi masters will allow you to activate more, along with another pathetic life form. activaton is not a problem.

blue milk eithe allows you to activate another force early in the game or messes up with opponents tracking late in the game. lets say opponenet activates all but one tracked 6, initiates a battle and you play blue milk. that pisses him of. 

3 senses. no escape doesnt protect shield cards from honor of the jedi. also, even if i have to loose 2, it might still be worth it to sense some interrupts. i still have sac protection in the shields in case i face someone with more then me.

epp obi and qui-gon. epp luke can still battle even if im flipped. epp obi-wan is just as good at lightsaber combat as the new one, but he is also usefull as a hit and run character if i face someone who is not on tatooine, where the other guy is a piece of @#$%.

double goo nee tay is definately worth it. this cards eats some decks and is never worthless. 

houjix, barrier, dodge, it can wait. different kinds of cards that protects your jedi that are canceled by different cards. this means you probably will get some of those working, your opponenet wont be able to cancel all.

on the edge. despite the shelds, one is never bad to play. it also saves your guys from beatdown, and a retrieval of 6 once per game can make a huge difference.

space. han, chewie and the falcon is for hit and run or late game invasion. you also have r2 in red 5 as backup if needed. you dont need much space anyway because you get your drains going faster then most other decks. 

hunt down, senate, alien decks, dark side lightsaber combat are all easy matchups for this deck. space decks, occupation decks are even matchups.

lightside lightsaber combat is very underestimated.

/Martin Akesson 