---
layout: post
author: Phillip "Karrdeshark" Aasen
title: 'MWYHL Endor Beatdown.'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-24
description: 'Sounds suspect but it really works.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Objective:1
MWYHL/SYIC

Locations:8
Dagobah (start)
D: Bog Clearing
D: Jungle
D: Training Area
Endor
E: Rebel Landing Site

Characters:18
Yoda
DOS
EPP Leia
LS, RS
EPP Luke
EPP Obi x2
General Solo
General Crix Madine
General Calrissian
CoK
Orrimaarko
Lt. Page
Col. Cracken
Lt. Blount
Corp. Midge
Wicket 
Wuta

Starships:5
Spiral
Tala 1
Tala 2
Gold Squadron 1
R2 in R5

Weapons/Devices:2
Ewok Catapult
Luke’s Backpack

Effects:10
Draw Their Fire
YISYW (start)
Wise Advice (start)
Strike Planning (start)
Insurrection
Squad. Assignments
Close Air Support
Traffic Control
The Way Of Things
Yoda’s Hope

Interrupts:11
The Signal x4
Nabrun Leids x2
On The Edge x2
WHAAOOOOOOOOW! x2
HFTMF (start)

Jedi Tests:5
Great Warrior (#1)
A Jedi’s Strength (#2)
Domain of Evil (#3)
Size Matters Not (#4)
It Is The Future You See (#5) 

Strategy: 

Editor’s Note #1: Test #6 only works with Luke/DoS (I’m not even sure if it works with her).  I train Madine.  

Editor’s Note #2: for goodness sake, Steve ramsey!  Stop rating my decks 2&1/2
stars.  send me a message and tell me what your problem is!

Editor’s Note #3: I train Madine so I can get all three Generals and also so I can use Leia/Luke to fight with.  

Editor’s Note #4: Oops, my bad!  I forgot to include the Endor: Landing Platform and the Endor: Back Door. ;)

I know this deck looks unorthodox, but try it.  It works.  Okay, start off YISYW, Wise Advice, and Strike Planning.  There are a lot of effects you can get out with the Insight,
but save until you know which one you need to get.  You have a draw phase, you have
The Signal x4.  Now, first turn: go get Yoda and His hope with the obj.  If they give you
three force, then your going to get out Crix (the aprentice) turn one.  Otherwise, get him
turn two.  Get the first Test into hand first turn.  NEVER forget to get a Test each turn. 
After you beat the first, If you don’t already have it, go get The Way of Things with the
Insight, and the second test, ETC.  remember, you can beat tests 2 and 3 in the same turn
thanks to TWOT.  While you are testing over there, be using Crix’s gametext to go get a
scout each turn.  once you get Insurrection,  and therefore the Docking bay, or another
Endor site, deploy en masse.  You only need to hold the  Endor sites and drain (quite
easy), until you beat Test 5.  Then you ATTACK!  Nabrun Leids or DB Transit a bunch
of characters to their weak point and let ’em have it!  They may run away, but back them
into a corner or split up the force so they can’t run.  For retrievel, On the Edge will easily
get you 6 force each time.  (thanks to my 7’s). Cards I want to fit in: Figran D’an (more
retrievel), Fallen Portal (more destructive), and Battle Plan (to stop drains from TIEs and
such).  You can get anything you need with #4, and 4 The signals will get all your
necessary effects.  If you can’t figure out why I have a certain card, don’t drop my rating,
D-mail about it and then decide.  Now for the Match-ups:


Monkey TIEs: Play as normal.  They’ll NEVER take endor from you on the ground.  Just
hold the Endor system and you’ll be fine.  

BHBM:  Make ’em pay to their Obj. with LS, RS. They can’t take Endor from you on the
ground (no one can).  Wicket really screws them when he removes their lovely Mara from
the battle.  Close Air Support will kill them.

Hunt Down: The Visage will hurt, but On The Edge and DTF will retrieve your stuff (you
can always track a 7, you have 4).  Once again, they can’t wrestle away Endor and you
will overpower them.

ISB: keep to your stuff and let them keep to theirs.  You should win.

Dark Deal: You kidding!? They can’t touch you.

Anything else: play the normal strat. and watch them fall. 

This deck may look like a pile but it really kills. D-mail me with any questions you have. 
Thanks for reading this.
