---
layout: post
author: ! Pyry "Blizzard" Nystrom
title: ! "The Ultimate Power"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-03
description: ! 'Awesome draining and retrieving SYCFA. Its Ultimate Power can stop anything'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(8)
SYCFA/TUPITU
Alderaan
Death Star
DSDB
Preb.defences
Battle order
A Million voices crying out
Oppressive enforcement

Locations(6)
DSWar room
DSConference room
DSDetention block corridor
Kiffex
Hoth
Yavin 4

Characters(18)
2xVader with saber
Emperor Palpatine
Grand moff Tarkin
Grand admiral Thrawn
Arica
U-3PO
Prince Xizor
2xGuri
Dengar with Blaster
3xDeath Star gunner
Boba Fett with Rifle
Admiral Piett
Captain Godlherdt
Daroe

Starships(10)
Executor
Chimaera
Thunderflare
Devastator
Avenger
Visage
Accuser
Conquest
Vengeance
Tyrant

Effects(6)
Strategic reserves
Secret Plans
Lateral damage
Therell be hell to pay
Fanfare
Something special planned for them

Interrupts(7)
2xTwilek advisor
Monnock
Ghhhk & Those rebels wont escape us
2xPut all sections on alert
Tarkins orders

Weapons & Devices(1)
Superlaser

Admirals orders(2)
Battle deployment
Were in attack position now

Epic events(2)
2xCPI '

Strategy: '

The purpose of this deck is to destroy Alderaan while minimizing opponents drains against
you. Youll manage to blow A in about 3-4 turns. So it will happen quite fast.
There is a lot of ways to keep your force loss limited to what you can easily handle.
Start with Battle Order in allmost every case, so early draining will cost.
Strategic reserves will also help get Gunner, cancel drain, deploy him, search for LASER
and so on... youll end up stopping their best drain allmost every turn(untill you flip).

When you finally flip, just start invading space. Play systems from reserve and begin to
summon your tremendous fleet. There is a horde of destroyers so you should have no shortage
for space power. Retrieving capabilities of this deck are awesome and allmost unmached
Keep destroyers coming If opponent kills few, deploy more and retrieve and so on...

Activation should not be a problem. With your Death Star and its sites you get a lot while
your friend gets none. Also systems provide a bunch for you both. Mobilization points 
not includet, because they just get suspendet in early game when they are most usefull.

Important Remember when you flip you are no longer immune to battle damage at the moon.
So gather your crew to avoid beatdowns

If opponent plays ground, he can attempt to take your DS-sites. This must be stopped
Many of your pilots are mains istead of whimpy admirals, so they can fight at ground also.
And remeber to "Put all sections on alert" 

In overall this deck focuses on heavy draining and even heavier retrieval and drain stopping.
Play wise and patiently and you will win

Why not "Imperial command" deck??? Because of "Dont do that again" it gets grabbed very early.
And quickly controlled Docking bays no longer provide huge activation. Also admirals arent
very usefull in ground warfare. Multiple destinies is stopped by two Guris

Why not more DS-sites??? Because you want flip soon, and you dont want to have any zeros
appearing as your destinies.

If SAC is popularin your area, replace "Oppressive Enforcement" with the combo version.

Some card explanations

Vader with saber Best Vader for this kind of deck. No room for his saber.

Captain Godlherdt Anti Landing claw.

Daroe With the number of star destroyers he can(and will) suprise you opponent

Tarkins orders Cancels a bunch of often played cards. Also can stop drains several times.

And some matchups

WYS Tricky. They will kill some of your activation, so be patient and gather force.
You will retrieve/stop enough drains to survive of their early upperhand.
Then eventually conquer space and the game is yours Be sure to take each system with
at least two destroyers(preferrably with 3-4), incase they play beatdown verion.
Crush them with your power Guri will save you from their destinies. Battle deployment will help.

QMC/RST Easy. Take space. Win drain race Your   retrieval will be to much for them.

TIGH 	Just see that your power is enough in battles and game is yours.

Podracing You have no podracer, because if they do Podracing you will lose the race.
But no problem Just retrieve damage what they have caused. I did it wont hurt you too much

EBO Take space and win. Destroy Hoth and smile If they play swarm, keep your boats at
groups and Battle deployment with Thrawn will eat their power.

Profit	Real drain race coming up with this deck. Their direct damage will hurt, 
but your draining and retrieval potial is higher so you should win.

Mains If they play docking bays use Fanfare. Theyll probably try take your sites, so be
prepared to fight there. Kill them with drains

MBO Take fight to Yavins ground. Kill their Assault run boosters and take their sites
Your mains will crush their weak characters. Destroy Yavin 4 and win

Thats about all I could remember. So thanks for your rewiews '