---
layout: post
author: Jan "BronzeDynamo" Argilagos
title: 'I Want That Ship!! or The Star Destroyer Shuffle!'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-07
description: ! 'I cant take credit for the resurgence of this Idea (someone else inspired me to revise my ancient- SE vintage- Big Blue deck).  But it is fun and OWNS most WYS decks.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'ISB OPS
Coruscant
Prepared Defenses
IAO
Mob Points
      (third effect Varies)

SSPFT
Imperial Decree
There’ll be Hell to Pay
Secret Plans
YCHF
Security Precautions
Prescence of the Force
Lateral Damage	x2
I Want that Ship


Coruscant DB
Executor DB
Fondor
Endor
Corulag
Kiffex
Sullust

Grand Admiral Thrawn
Admiral Piett
Admiral Chiraneu	x2
Admiral Ozzel
Captain Jonus
Captain Lennox
Cdr Merjerrik
Officer Evax
Warrant Officer M’Kae
Outer Rim Scout	
5D6-RA-7	
U3PO
Arica
       (ISB Agents)

Executor
Chimeara		x2
Thunderflare
Tyrant
Death Squadron SD	x3


We’re In Attack Position Now  x2

In Range	x3
Our First Catch Of the day	x2
Imperial Command	x4
Imperial Barrier
They’ve Shut Down the Main Reactor
Evader/Monnok
Twilek Advisor

Tractor Beam		x2
'

Strategy: '

This Deck relies on it’s own Power using ISB only as a platform and some potential retrieval.   Use IOA/ Mob Pts. For some early activation. Get Cdr. Merjerrik out ASAP or systems by drawing. Use Imp Cmds. to get Piett to DB (deploys for -2 @ executor DB) & Ozzel  as your other admirals along w/ Chiranue.  Do not Deploy Fondor until you deploy the Big E.  By turn 3, on average, you can accomplish this, then move on over to the ship.  Your other SD’s should come your way. Spread & drain.  The rest of the section is a little long so please read through (THX)

Tech Stuff
Tractor Beams- deploy these & use In Range + our First Catch during battle to capture ships.  Ship removal can tip the balance in space especially against WYS/QMC where almost always the ships are unique and easier to capture. And the SuperStar is even easier with a low Manuever.   

With 4 Imp Cmd running about the choice is always there to limit destiny or add one. Super falcon goes down hard to this especially if you capture it, then your opponent cannot redploy it (or it’s pilots). Even if they Grab it you still have plenty to use wisley. 

Shut down the Main Reactor as they move away (@ +2 cost), is total nastiness as I always have players take a second look as their ship is stuck alone.  This card i best used as your opponent finishes his deploy phase ready to beat on your Star destroyer (so DTF doesn’t work) or as he runs from you against that last satrship alone who cannot move or use ability at all.  Better than Zuckuss

Then I Want that ship Falcon for 5 Direct Damage is just Icing on the cake Lennox Helps you capture stuff during control phase too whittle away your opponents too boot.  



Other Card Selection
ISB Agents are all pilots (except 5D6), for forfeit & retrieval from ships.
Why ISB over SYCFA?  The ability to retrieve the pilots, is the kicker when it gets going (it is not needed but helps), it creates the forfiet loop to keep the ships alive.  The DS becomes a liability to protect from a big drain where you cant’ drain big.  If the Opponent does go to Coruscant it is a minor drain of one (plus a great location to lateral a ship to.) Finally it is a minor fake out to people who don’t play me regularly.

The Executor is THE BEAST, I have neverlost it from the table(i.e. good place for the tractor beam).  The Chimerae is second best & I have two to ensure it gets out as I can easily pull Thrawn.
All ships have attrition immunity, except Tyrant which is +1 for tractor beams, and Thunderflare which is cheap deploy.  The Death Squad Star Destroyers are beasts w/ good forfiet and I always deploy them Cheap to the Executor/Piett location (6 only) With the AO’s the ships tend to stay on the table, and the pilots forfiet for tons.  

SSPFT makes the Rebel fleet spend more to run and to take out retrieval loops, Secret Plans hits even harder (the IAO combo w/ it from Coruscant will find it’s way here.  Imperial Decree against EBO or saber drains.  Then some anti HB stuff (start YCHF vs it to pull Precautions).

Getting the Lateral in hand (without using twilek) is a bonus, two are just strong in this.

All the planets are w/n two parsecs of each other for chiraneu. (except Corucant) is the teeth to the deck if left alone with HUGE potential. 

Weaknesses Ok so EVERY deck has some, from playing this one they are- 

1) Don’t do That Again- only slows you down a little there are just enough ships to pull one then deploy it to a system.

2)  Scrambled Transmission- just a slow down again, there are enough systems to draw for.

3)  Heavy Revolution- This was my biggest headache for a while, and I play w/ 1 more evader/ monnok in my meta (this is my states/open version)

4)  I Hope She’s Alright- not in my meta, but would be a problem.  (arica breaking cover is the best solution for now, not a good one, but something)

5)  1900+ players- well not much I can do here, they can usaully outplay me no matter what I play - that’s why they are 1900+ (but I still have hope)

6)  The Bad Opening Hand/ initial force pile- this can make it an tough battle if there are no Imp Cmds./Piett/ Merjerrik in either the first force pile or Draw hand (I can always check 1st / 2nd turns by checking w/IAO & counting what is in there).  It is a definate (read huge)Disavantage if you cant get one by the end of 2nd turn.

So far this deck has only one loss to a player rated less than 1900 (I’m mid 1600’s). that was vs. a profit ultra drain and with #6 from above slowing me down - otherwise it has only suffered 3 others (1900+ problem) for a total record of  24-4. Best thing about this deck is THAT IT IS FUN TO PLAY TOO  As to the name; I always seem to be shuffling my Star Destroyers as the Rebs Run Away, following them

Anyhoots this was a long one hope you saw the buety of the deck -  as always if you got some good consrtuctive criticism/ helpers d-mail me or let me know.  Thanks for your attention.

P.S. Mad props to Adrock who inspired me with his ”Imperial Hospitality” deck to dig my old SE Era version of this, dust it off, and update it into this beast  Kudos dude


Dynamo Out


'