---
author: Bastian "Death Star" Winkelhaus
title: 'All Your Base Are Belong to EUROPE!!!'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-11-21
description: 'This deck placed 1st at freedomcon for me and second for Martin Akesson with only slight modifications.Original idea from Martin but he told me to post it, his version will be included as we dont want to double post.'
rating: 5.0
---
Cards: 

Objective (0)
NONE!!

Locations (7)
Tatooine (old one)
Carida
Blockade flagship : Bridge
Death Star 2 : DB
Tatooine : DB
Mos Espa : DB
Spaceport DB

Characters (17)
Darth Vader with lightsaber
Darth Maul with lightsaber
Darth Maul
Emperor Palpatine
Janus Greejatus
Dr. Evazan and Ponda Baba
IG-88 with riot gun
Arica
U-3PO
Keder the black
Lieutenant Arnet
Admiral Ozzel
AT-ST pilot x3
Baron Soontir Fel
Major Turr Phennir

Starships (4)
Saber 1
Saber 2
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Mauls Sith Infiltrator

Vehicles (6)
Blizzard 4
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6
Blizzard Scout 1

Weapons (2)
SFS L-s 9.3 Laser Cannons x2

Interrupts (14)
Prepared Defenses
Trample x2
Short Range Fighters & Watch your back!
Imperial Barrier
We must accelerate our plans x2
Ghhhk & Those rebels wont escape us
Dark Maneuvers x2
Imperial Artilery
Omni box % Its worse
Masterful Move & Endor Occupation
Maul Strikes

Effects (8)
Fear is my Ally
Imperial Arrest Order & Secret Plans
Mobilization Points
Combat Response 
Wipe them out, all of them 
Tatooine Occupation x2
Lateral Damage

Admirals Order (2)
Fighters Coming in x2

Shields(10)
Allegations of corruption
There is not Try
Oppresive Enforcement
A Useless Gesture
Battle Order
Do they have a code clearance?
Come here you big coward!
Fanfare
You cannot hide forever
Youve never won a race?


Strategy: 

The original idea for this deck is Martin Akessons. Before Ref 3 we tested the deck between Fabien Jacques of belgium, him and me.

Coming to Freedomcon i didnt really have a decent dark deck so i thought about building a Ref3 version of this.
Then Martin and i do some playtesting on friday cause he was unsure what to play for dark too. 
I play him with my QMC twice and i get one win by a decent amount and lose the second by just a very few cards.
Still i tell him that i think thats the way to go and i go on and build my own version. 

This deck starts Tatooine system and then IAO, Mob points and combat response. Allways start these 3 effects.
Against WYS that means you dont have a starting location at all. But thats ok.
If you know your playing against WYS later in a tournament or if your opponent is careless enough to show you his objective before you reveal your starting location, start the bridge.

With the AO adding to your drains and occupation doing its thing you can cause 10 damage a turn on tatooine. Thats way too much for anyone to ignore. So stick to your gameplan and let the opponent come to you.
The ties should allways go to tat, the other 2 ships can be used elsewhere.
Fullfilling dont do that again can be done early and cheap, so be prepared to get mad activation with mob points. 
The destiny average in this deck is very high and you got quite a few easy to recycle used interrupts.

This deck never won really high for me but it wins with great consistency, me going 5-0 with it and martin 4-1 only losing to me in the final.

Martins version is only 4 cards different (or rather mine is 4 cards differnt from his) :
Instead of Tur Phennir and Saber 2 he played DS-181-3 and Saber 3, which is cheaper, i chose to go with Phennir cause he can grab the AO from deck.
Instead of Keder the Black he played a second Ghhhk & Those rebels wont escape us.
And instead of Masterful Move & Endor Occupation he played Operational as planed.



Thats it
Mad props to Martin for coming up with this in the first place
Also props to Kim for coming up with the title

Bastian Winkelhaus   