---
layout: post
author: ! Chris "vader69" Seymour
title: ! "Antichrist Troopers"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-11-17
description: ! "speed deal is back with a free executor and fast drains on the ground"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
this deal is getting worse/it is for you
cloud city west gallery
secret plans
prepared defenses
i`m sorry
mobilization points
imperial arrest order
fear is my ally

Characters (11)
darth vader with lightsaber x2
guri
ig-88 with riot gun
sergeant elsek
sergeant wallen
trooper jerrol blendin
trooper davin felth
corporal oberk
sergeant irol
navy trooper fenson

locations (5)
bespin
bespin cloud city
cloud city carbonite chamber
cloud city lower corridor
cloud city east platform docking bay

Starships (7)
bossk in hounds tooth
zuckuss in mist hunter
obsidian 7
obsidian 8
os-72-1 in obsidian 1
os-71-2 in obsidian 2
executor (dagobah)

effects (7)
dark deal x2
cloud city occupation
no escape
search and destroy
they must never again leave this city x2

interrupts (21)
trooper assault x3
stunning leader x3
i`d just as soon kiss a wookie x4
tactical support x3
uncertain is the future x2
control/set for stun x2
imperial supply x2
twi`lek advisor x2

podracer (1)
sebulba`s podracer

defensive shields
allegations of corruption
battle order
you`ve never won a race
we`ll let fate a decide huh
do they have a code clearance
a useless gesture
there is no try
fanfare
you cannot hide forever
resistance
'

Strategy: '

 
speed deal is all about setting up fast with troopers on the ground to drain out the opponent. first turn deploy the docking bay, get 2 interior sites from reserve using i`m sorry. for the starting effects imperial arrest order-not the combo cause you don`t get the forfeit+2 on the combo, secret plans to make them pay to retrieve. 

on the ground it`s power +4 for dark deal, power plus how many starships you`ve got at bespin cloud city and trooper assault makes your troopers power +2. stunning leader is very effective because it excludes characters, if there left with someone like chewie or an ability 2 charcter there is only one thing BATTLE DAMAGE.

cloud city occupation makes them lose force for every site you occupy combined with search and destroy if they play all space is loads of direct damage. there`s 2 twi`leks to get out the city effect, there`s 2 of them, it lets you deploy executor for free. tactical supports are in there to get out the troopers faster. a big card in the deck i`d just as soon kiss a wookie, it delays there charcters from beating you down.here are a few matchups.

-vs- echo base opperations or hidden base
get out your sites as you would, get the executor for free, setup up hopefully by turn 2. if they are playing all space you don`t have to worry about a beat down. drain them out super fast, direct damage will just kill them off. if you fear a beatdown be a bit more careful, delay them or use cards like stunning leader.

-vs- podprofit
start by getting your sites out as you would, secret plans slows them right down, try and drain them before they can do much, podracer is in there for the defensive shield to cut the damage right down and makes i did it suspended. if they go down to cloud city to delay them as much as possible, use cards like stunning leader to exclude their mains from battle.

-vs- there is good in him
get out all your sites like usual, you get the head start cause your dark side, if they stay on endor which is a bad move drain them out really quick and direct damage will kill them off. you`ve got executor for free in space, if you forfeit a tie you can put it back in your hand cause of the city effect. drain them and win. '