---
layout: post
author: Ryan "XjedeyeX" Fojtik
title: 'Breakdancing TIGIH'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-19
description: 'A shot at mains TIGIH post JPSD and Ref2'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Start(10)
TIGIH
Jedi Luke
Luke’s Saber
chirpas hut
landing platform
i feel the conflict
heading for the medical frigate
strike planning 
insurrection
staging areas

Locations(5)
Home One:Docking bay
Tatooine:Docking Bay 
Rondevous Point
Endor:Back Door
Dagobah:Yoda’s Hut

Characters (16)
Master Luke
Ben Kenobi
Obiwan Kenobi x2
Leia With Blaster x2
Han with blaster x2
Chewie with blaster
Lando with blaster
Harc Seff
Tycho
Corran Horn
Thawaas Khaa
Dash Rendar
Oola

Weapons(1)
Obi saber

Starships (3)
Falcon
Home One
Liberty (or whatever ship goes to used)

Effects (6)
Bacta Tank
Order To Engage
Battle Plan
Mantellian Savrip
Draw Their Fire
Whatre you tryin to push on us
Frozen Assets

Interrupts (19)
Fallen Portal
Sense/Recoil in Fear x5
Its a Trap x2
Rebel Barrier x2
Sorry about the mess x2
Clash of Sabers x2
Shocking info x2
Signal 
OOC/TT  

Strategy: 

update:
for the idiot that asked how i could play without jedi luke, youre a moron

also, the signal got removed for another TTerminated/OOC, and i fit the outrider in.. and a shes allright for the tank i believe
            ---------------

Ok, heres the basic strat.. pull H1 docking bay 1st turn and slap madine there, so your activation is pretty good... then it plays similarily to the old throne room deck, it can deploy ben at the tat docking bay or use it shuttle a guy... 

the revised version of this deck has a spaceport docking bay in it.. this is necessary to beat ROps. reviewers take this into account please.

the senses are in there to protect the effects you need (like bacta/savrip), and for a secondary purpose which is... you will NEVER EVER have a bad hand with this deck... if you draw crap, just play recoil in fear... draw a new hand.. this also messes with your opponent, and can catch them off gaurd.. late game, when force piles are low, you can gain a turn by playing it, and theyre forced to react to a totally new situation, while yours has (likely) improved... you can also use this card to help get anti battle cards like its a trap pick up your fallen portal again or something.. its really good...  

the only thing about this deck is that it probably needs shes allright to play vs space (suggestions on what to take out??) and if you see a lot of numbers, put in your insight serves you well.. 

Another Ship or Kessel could help as well... but you can easily get all ur ships out and with the savrip/bacta protected with SAC, ur characters can soak up forfeit...

Vs Huntdown... 
Wreck whatever they put out.. the hardest matchup but with the abscense of SAC they cant really stop you from sensing duels.. and the non-duelling kind just gets wrecked... 

VS BHBM
Win battles... stop him from battling when he tries to win them vs you.. pick your fights and you should win this by either converting his ass or just draining him out

VS ties
Hard matchup.. the space gets ugly but a grabber and sac really hurt... a frozen assets beatdown can end the game..

VS MKOS
Tough game but the ground force in this deck seems almost made to go head to head with it... scum retreival hurts, but tracking/recoiling barriers and sorry about the mess usually stops them from battling.. if they pull the ghhk retreival, play its a trap on the battle, play draw their fire, signal/recoil/play frozen assets... kill lone guy for the easy win... sense stops anything they could use to add a force... plus recoil really messes with this deck... 

Vs CCT
give em anyone you want, then beatdown whatever they have and drain the crap out of them.. pretty simple.. the shocks are in there to stop myoom and you should always have one due to recoil in fear... you can really mess with their plans with that card as well.. but who plays this junk anyway.. 

Vs DS Imp command deck
this is the hardest matchup and the reason for why i think a copy of i hope shes allright should be in here... 

well... suggestions???

