---
author: Mike "Mikey P" Panayotou
title: Mike`s Dark Deal v 1.0
side: Dark
date: 2001-06-06
description: Post-Tatooine Dark Deal deck, based on the ECC Objective.  Excellent force greneration platform.
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Locations (6)

Cloud City: West Gallery
Cloud City: Chasm Walkway
Cloud City: Upper Walkway
Bespin: Cloud City
Bespin
Carida

Characters (18)

Emperor Palpatine
Darth Maul x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord of the Sith
Lord Vader
Darth Vader w/Lightsaber
Grand Moff Tarkin
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Dengar with Blaster Carbine
Aurra Sing
Janus Greejatus
Sim Aloo
Guri
Prince Xizor
Commander Igar
Admiral Piett
Admiral Ozzel
Grand Admiral Thrawn

Starships (7)

Boba Fett in Slave I
Bossk in Hound`s Tooth
OS-72-1 In Obsidian 1
OS-72-2 In Obsidian 2
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Chimaera
Executer

Vehicles (2)

Blizzard 2
Tempest 1

Weapons (3)

Vader`s Lightsaber
Mara Jade`s Lightsaber
Darth Maul`s Lightsaber

Effects (11)

Dark Deal
Battle Order
You Cannot Hide Forever
Cloud City Occupation
Fanfare
Lateral Damage
Search and Destroy
Secret Plans
I`m Sorry
Mobilization Points
Crush the Rebellion

Podracers (1)

Teemto Pagalies` Podracer

Interrupts (11)

Weapon Levitation
Imperial Command x2
Twi`lek Advisor
Dark Maneuvers and Tallon Roll
You Are Beaten
Force Lightning
I Have You Now x2
Sniper and Dark Strike
Prepared Defenses

Objective (1)

This Deal Is Getting Worse All The Time/Pray I Don`t Alter It Any Further 

Strategy: 

Response #1:

asyanks04, no way man.  QMC is balls.  I will have superior force generation from the get-go.  If they try some gay stuff with weapons in space, I tallon roll the sh!t out of them.  Tem Numb superstar eats it to a tallon roll.  Imperial Command and Thrawn will get them at the system, as will the Executer`s immunity to attririon >12 or whatever it is.  Without that, no Celebration.  They will run out of Paths, and I will beat them senseless.  If they try the OTE garbage, I get Fanfare.  Maul will remove Jedi eventually, with Crush on the ground they really have no hope other than for the one-turn beatdown.  That strategy has problems with Crush.  My characters are inherantly stronger than the light side ones, and I will not leave myself open to a one-turn beat.  Thanks for the comments, but i disagree with your theory of QMCs dominance over this deck.

End Response #1
***************



Why This Jank Objective?

Well, it`s not so jank anymore.  I`m Sorry let`s you pull 2 sites.  Add Mob Points and your starting site and that is 9 force for 2nd turn, plus what opponent gives up.  In addition, the objective allows you to pull Bespin, Bespin: CC, CC Occupation and Dark Deal.  So, this means 11 force that doesn`t rely on Mob Pts/IAO non-battleground generation jank that has dominated the tournament scene for almost a year, i.e., the camp means s`hit to me.

Early game: Start Secret Plans and CC: Upper Walkway with Objective, Prepared Defenses for I`m Sorry, Mob Pts., Crush (default).  If you smell inserts, YCHF.  I can`t imagine starting Battle Order of Fanfare, but you can.  Pull Carida and 2 interior sites before you activate.  Deploy those and Bespin.  Draw.  Next turn, activate a ton and begin to build up forces on your locations.  Don`t drop Bespin: CC too early, because you need to control it to flip.  Dark Jedi are the best to hold sites because of I Have You Now and their sabers.  Work on space too -- save the TIEs for the cloud sector, but Chimaera or Executer work great at the system level.  Imperial Command to get some Admirals in space.

Mid Game:  When you have some forces at each site, spread to three sites and deploy Bespin: CC and a TIE (or both).  Drop Dark Deal and flip.  Drain like mad and consolidate forces to avoid a potential weak spot.

End game: Get CC Occupation working.  Dark Deal.  Battle.  Duel.  Win

Card Choices:

the 6 locations:  I can pull all of them by turn 3 and I generate a ton.  I dont need any more sites.  Why not CC: Downtown plaza?  It gives 2 force to opponent.  I dont need it for the extra drain -- Dark Deal is good enough.

3 different vaders -- grimtaash is coming back.  

Maul -- need i say more?

Palpy -- he’s pimp.  force lightning is cool.  destiny 6.  when his hos are out (janus, sim, mara) my life is easier (FD +1, Power 6 mara, Extra Battle Destiny, Manipulation).

Dengar -- Machine gun

Aurra Sing -- she is so cool.  Weapon lev a saber and add to drains.  low forfit, but who cares?

Guri + Xizor -- to hold another site than Vader

I have you now x2 -- 3 personnas of Dark Jedi (palpy, vader, maul).  HOT

Fanfare -- cancel OTE.  I can pull it with Twi`lek.

Teemto Pagalies` Podracer -- WTF?  Well, I dont expect a lot of pod racing.  If I dont see it, it is a destiny 5 in my deck.  It is tougher for Losing Track to damage, also.

I think everything else is pretty obvious.  This deck plays it`s own game, so i wont waste time with matchups.  The idea is to control CC and drain like a fiend.  Thanks for rating.  