---
layout: post
author: anthony "yodap" payne
title: 'Squadron Attacks v3'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-04
description: 'This is my new nd improved Squadron Attacks deck, very fun to use, and very powerful when used correctly....'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting (5)
Rendezvous Point
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Battle Plan 
Draw Their Fire 
Squadron Assignments 

Locations (6)
Dantooine 
Endor 
Home One: War Room 
Hoth 
Kiffex 
Rendezvous Point 

Characters (25)
Admiral Ackbar 
Biggs Darklighter 
Bren Quersey 
Chewie With Blaster Rifle 
Colonel Salm 
Derek ’Hobbie’ Klivian 
Dutch 
Elyhek Rue 
General Solo 
Hol Okand 
Jek Porkins 
Keir Santage 
Lando With Blaster Pistol 
Lieutenant Lepira 
Lieutenant Naytaan 
Lieutenant Telsij 
Luke With Lightsaber 
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber 
Pops 
Ryle Torsyn 
Theron Nett 
Tiree 
TK-422 
Tycho Celchu 
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader 

Vehicles (1)
Skiff 

Starships (19)
Gold 1 
Gold 2 
Gold 3 
Gold 4 
Gold 5 
Gold 6 
Home One 
Millennium Falcon 
Red 10 
Red 2 
Red 3 
Red 5 
Red 6 
Red 7 
Red 8 
Red 9 
Red Leader In Red 1 
Red Squadron 1 
Red Squadron 4 

Interrupts (5)
A Few Maneuvers  x3
Balanced Attack 
Heading For The Medical Frigate 

Effects (5)
Battle Plan 
Draw Their Fire 
S-Foils  x2
Squadron Assignments 


Strategy: 

Ok.....i changed a few things, i added some cards, and took others away, and the result, is the deck you see before you! so here is the strad:

The deck uses "Heading For The medical Frigate" to pull 3 effects at the begiing of the game; Squadron assigments, Draw their fire, and Battle plan. 

their uses:
 Squadron Attacks
    text= Deploy on table. During your deploy phase, you may reveal one unpiloted starfighter from hand to take its matching pilot character into hand from Reserve Deck (or vice versa) and deploy both simultaneously| reshuffle. (Immune to Alter.) 
   use=  All ships/pilots in this deck have the matching pilots/ships as well. therefor, you get one, you can get the other real fast.

Draw Their Fire
   text= Deploy on your side of table. Whenever a battle is initiated, player initiating battle retrieves 1 Force and defender loses 1 Force. Also, during a battle you initiate, each time opponent plays an interrupt, opponent must first use 1 Force. (Immune to Alter.) 
   use= basically this just helps you retreive some of your lost force, as long as you start the battle, but you have to be careful, cause this card can be used by your apponent against you, if he/she starts alot of battles. If you have a better effect, then let me know and ill change it.

Battle Plan
   text= Deploy on table. You may initiate battles for free. Also, for either player to initiate a Force drain, that player must first use 3 Force unless that player occupies a battleground site (except a holosite) and a battleground system. (Immune to Alter.) 
   use= this will stop force drains at least momentarily, so that you can build up a powerful fleet in space. and it helps if your trying to use ’Draw Their Fire’ in the game.

Rendezvous Point is your starting locating, because it allows you to deploy -2, and gives them hyperspeed +2 when going to or from it. then i have dantooine for the same reason, capitol starships are deploy -2, and starfighters are -1. Endor because you can move starships from Rendezvous Point for -1 force. Hoth and kiffex are basically just for more force, and more places to battle/drain.  And Last but not least Home One: War Room because if you can get this out before Home One, and get a rebel leader on it then Home One is deploy -5 and power +3. (yeah, probably unlikely tht you’ll get that one done, but if you do its an added bonus, and either way you get power +3 as long as you have a rebel leader here.)

Now i know some of you are thinking "what about land? what if the opponent never goes to space, then they could drain this deck to hell and back!" well, my answer to that is this:   EPP’s!! thats why they are there...if your opponent goes landwas, and trys to drain you to death, then you use your epp’s (luke, obi, han, chewie) to battle them, and take out the threat...use the skiff to keep them all together, and make quick battles...if you need more than those to do the job, then use some of the other pilots...this deck’s people are interchangable (most of them anyway...) But my suggestion is use EPP’s on land to fight, and keep the pilots ith the ships (red/gold squadrons) drain up in space, fight on land. If you dont need the land fights then two things are true: first, your opponent didn’t make a very good deck, and second, you dont need to fight! You can then chose to either drain on land as well, or keep the EPP’s in your hand, and deploy them as needed...

I hope you all see these changes as for the better, as i do! 