---
author: Jeremiah "Semi-Baked" Himmelbrand
title: '667 The Neighbor of the Beast'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-10-16
description: 'This is my Desert Landing Site/Maul/Mains deck.  Uses big characters and Sense/Alter to dominate the LS.  Hope you like it.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting Stuff (3)
Tat Landing Site
Combat Readiness
Tat Jabba’s Palace

Characters (20)
2 Darth Maul, Young Apprentice
2 Tatooine Darth Maul
2 Emperor Palpatine
2 EPP Vader
2 Mara Jade
Iggy with Gun
4-LOM with Gun
Janus
P-59
P-60
Xizor
Guri
Dr. E/Ponda Baba
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Galid

Interrupts (19)
4 Sense
2 Maul Strikes
2 Imperial Command
2 Alter
2 Elis Helrot
I Have You Now
Force Lightning
Twi’lek Advisor
Imperial Barrier
You Are Beaten
Projective Telepathy
Sniper/Dark Strike

Starships (4)
2 Chimaera
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Effects (6)
Do They Have A Code Clearance
Lateral Damage
No Escape
Secret Plans
First Strike
Search and Destroy

Weapons (3)
2 Maul’s Saber
Mara’s Saber

Locations (5)
JP: Lower Passages
JP: Audience Chamber
JP: Dungeon
JP: Droid Workshop
Kessel 

Strategy: 

Here is another attempt at a strategy section.

The object of this deck is to set up the JP/Galid drains and watch your opponents force hit the lost pile is rapid fashion.

First off, use Jabba’s Palace to pull all of your JP sites and deploy Maul to the landing site ASAP.  There are 4 Mauls in the deck so you should be able to deploy him rather quickly.  Also on your first turn pull the Audience Chamber and deploy a character there that can draw destiny and move Maul over to Jabba’s Palace.  Second turn pull a site, use the AC’s game text to pull Galid, protect him with another character and start draining.

After that, the deck is pretty straight forward. Battle the LS on the ground and eliminate their characters by using You Are Beaten, Sniper/Dark Strike and Force Lightning.  This deck has a decent space package, you should be able to get a Chimaera (since there are 2 of them in the deck) and Thrawn out relatively soon if you need to battle them in space.


Reasons for some of the card choices:

Kessel:  To convert the LS’s Kessel if they are playing WYS.  DS Kessel makes their drains 2, instead of 3 and your ships deploy -1 there.  Also if there are playing some kind of cheese deck, they are most likely playing Battle Plan, so you can satisfy it.

JP: Dungeon and JP: Droid Workshop:  For added force generation and you can pull them out of your Reserve deck.

2 Chimaeras and 2 Imeperial Commands:  If LS is playing space, you can establish a presence relatively quickly.


Cards I would like to put in:

You Cannot Hide Forever (not the combo)
Monnok
1 or 2 Grabbers

If you have any questions, please feel free to D-Mail me.

Thanks for looking 