---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "Gilliatt" Raveling
title: ! "DPC Deck--Raveling’s SYCFA"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-26
description: ! "This is the deck I used at the first DPC event."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(8)
SYCFA/TUPITU
Death Star
Death Star Docking Bay 327
Alderaan
Prepared Defences
Mob Points
Secret Plans
There is No Try/Oppressive Enforcement

Locations(5)
Wakeelmui
Sullust
Endor
Kashyyk
Death Star Warroom

Characters(3)
U-3PO
Commander Merrejk
Arica

Ships(13)
Tie Interceptor X 8
Scimitar Squadron Tie
Dreadnaught-Class Heavy Cruiser
Dengar In Punishing One
The Emperor’s Shield
The Emperor’s Sword

Weapons(3)
SFS L-s9.3 Laser Cannons X 3

Admirals Order(1)
Fighter Cover

Effects(8)
Dark Waters X 2
Hell To Pay X 2
CHYBCoward
You Cannot Hide Forever
Sienar Fleet Systems
Dreaded Imperial Starfleet

Interrupts(19)
Twilek Advisor X 3
All Power To Weapons X 3
Relentless Pursuit X 2
Main Course X 2
Omni Box/It’s Worse X 2
Operation As Planned X 2
Overload X 2
Flawless Marksmanship
Always Thinking With Your Stomach
Short-Range Fighters

'

Strategy: '

Strategy
Before you activate pull Weekulmui using Mob Points game text.  Activate three and play Twilek to get Sienar Fleet Systems or Dreaded Imperial Starfleet.  If you don’t have a Twilek in your opening hand then activate everything and pull the DS Warroom.
Now you are all set up.  
For the first couple of turns you will be on the defensive.  Draw up looking for a cannon, a system, and a Main Course.  When you get these things you can safely put down a tie to drain by itself.  Save force for the react portion of the Emperor’s Shield or the Emperor’s Sword when you draw those ships.
Remember to retrieve for your ties and three for the Emperor’s ships.  If you draw Short-Range Fighters than just hold onto it until you are ready to retrieve.  Don’t wait till you have all eight deployed but rather do it when you have six so that you don’t mistakenly draw a 5 and not get to retrieve.   Save three to six force for the cannons and save the Overloads for any x-wing cannons.  Use the Operational As Planned to recycle doubles so that a Grimtaash does not get all your important interrupts.
If Battle Plan is deployed against you then you can deploy to the DS Docking Bay with your ties to try to hold that ground site.  You won’t lose anything by trying unless they have Draw Their Fire deployed.  If they do then don’t put your Ties there to battle to only move them to the Death Star.  They aren’t going to do you any good at that system.  Pay the three to drain every time.

Match-ups
Versus WYS  I made this deck to see if it would take out my WYS deck and it works.  You get the Dark Waters down at the docking bays and can cancel their drains with U-3PO, Arica, and Dreaded Imperial Starfleet.  Save the second grabber for a possible Harvest but if they use On The Edge then grab that as soon as possible.  You should have the edge on them with your retrieval and your drains.  Shoot down their ships because you know they probably don’t have Home 1.  Don’t deploy the DS Warroom.

Versus EBO  Save your Overloads.  When they deploy their ships just shoot them with the Tie cannons.  You get two shots at two of them and that should be good enough to eliminate both ships.  If they are using super Falcon use Flawless Marksmanship lost to make sure that A Few Manuevers does not protect it.  You have the advantage in this match up in all things except for manueverability.  With only one Dreadnaught in here you are going to have to be smart about where you deploy your ships and what battles you choose.

Versus Hidden Base  Save your Overloads.  Shoot their ships.  If it is a Hidden Mains variant then just cancel their drains and sit quietly draining in space.

Versus Deadbolt  Main Course is in here to counter this decktype.  When they deploy Frozen Assets cancel it and then use Omni Box to shuffle their lost pile.  They won’t be able to Ketwol for the Frozen Assets unless it gets cut to the top.  If it does then fortify your defences or you can try to draw for another Main Course.  Shoot their ships when they come out.

Versus Any Ground Drainer  You have plenty of options here to cancel their drains and retrieve.  You don’t even need to rush.  Just wait until you have a good enough space force to feel confident and deploy one or two systems.  Then wait.  If he doesn’t immediately attack you then deploy the last system and fortify it.  Don’t deploy Arica or Merrjick if the ground deck is a TIGIH deck so you don’t have to lose two force.  Even though Arica doesn’t take Luke when she is Undercover, if Corran Horn breaks her cover than you will have no way to escape from Luke getting captured by her.  Don’t deploy Arica too far from a docking bay so that she can get back to the Death Star if her cover is broken by Corran Horn.

Verus Super-Falcon  Shoot the Falcon.  Don’t battle it with just an All Power To Weapons.  Play Flawless Marksmanship before you shoot and just remember you get two shots with the Tie Interceptors.  You also get another shot at it if you get the Admiral’s Order out.

Versus Home-1  There are two lines of defence I have for the Home 1.  First is the Relentless Pursuit.  Play that to make its power zero and then you can overpower that ship and force them to either forfeit the ship or lose a lot of force.  Second is to use Dengar in Punishing One to break that ship of its immunity so that you can kill its pilots and defeat it in the traditional way, with attrition.  I am sorry that you can’t shoot the Home 1 down with those tie cannons.

Questions
Why use Ties?  The light side has some pretty powerful space decks.  Ebo x-wings can drain for a bunch rather quickly.  MWYHL super falcon can get some pretty heavy drains with a very tough ship to hold down those drains.  At the same time, the light side has some powerful ground decks.  With super mains and WYS wimps you are facing multiple destinies and a good average draw.  I chose to go to a space deck that can counter the light side space rather easily and take advantage of the lack of defense against dark side retrieval.  

Why use Overload?  This is only in here to take care of the x-wing laser cannons.  You won’t hold any system for long when they shoot down your ships.

Why Relentless Pursuit?  A destiny four interrupt that can cancel the power of a ship.  The Home 1 is now power zero.  The Outrider is power zero.  You don’t even need to worry about the Mon Calamari guy that cancels Lateral Damage.  It plays for zero force too and you can always retrieve the one that you have to lose to play it.

Why no Ghhk?  If you play your cards right you can counter the biggest deploy of ships against a single Tie Interceptor.  Save force equal to what he can deploy.  If you think he has enough for big beatdowns then save enough for two shots with the cannon and a react with one of the Tie Squadrons.  You also have Relentless Pursuit to cancel their drains.

Why no Lateral Damage?  With Lateral Damage you have to wait for your turn to deploy it on a ship.  Using Relentless Pursuit you can play it during the opponents battle to reduce their power to zero.  Plus Hashn and the Treadwell droid can be used to cancel Lateral Damage.

Why only one Short-Range Fighters?  You only need this card to play for retrieval.  You play it to get a non-unique and it will get grabbed.  If you played with two then you just took up a slot for a tie fighter and you don’t really need to have any more high destiny floating around in your reserve anyway.

Why Dark Waters?  This is just to reduce a force drain by one.  In today’s game with Alter seeing little action and docking bays being used for draining, you can use this card to cancel that drain.  It fits perfectly over that docking bay drain and is better than an undercover spy.  Corran Horn won’t break the Dark Water’s cover.

Why Main Course?  This is solely in here to cancel Frozen Assets.  Frozen Assets would kill this deck.  If you take out Main Course from any variation of this deck then you will get stomped.  Also be aware of the second part of Main Course’s game text.  I have never used it but I always look at it when I battle. 

Why only three All Power To Weapons?  This deck does not count on Tie Interceptor swarm to hold a system.  The Tie Cannons do that.  So you don’t need to rely on this interrupt and five Ties to win your battles in space.

What about that You Cannot Hide Forever?  I included this because some joker would most likely try to run inserts at the DPC.  I wanted to account for that.  It can’t pull any effects for you so this should be lost early if you know you aren’t facing any insert deck.  If your opponent flips over Hidden Base you might want to think about starting this in the place of Secret Plans just so you don’t have to fear any inserts.

Only one Sienar Fleet Systems?  You have three Twileks to pull it and you don’t even really need it on the first turn.  You can afford to wait till turn two or three to get this effect.  

Only one Admirals Order?  I honestly could not fit more than one of these into this deck.  It has a lot of useful benefits including the +3 to power, the redraw of the weapon destiny, and the replacement of the opponents Admirals Orders.  That is why it is in here.

Why not Kiffex?  If you deploy that system you will have a hard time moving between there and the other systems with any Dreadnaughts.  It is easier to move around the three systems I play with.  If he goes to Weekulmui you have pretty much stranded him at a 2 parsec system and then you can put down CHYBC to kill the drain.

Why the one goofy Tie Bomber?  I included this tie to grab with All Power to Weapons if I played it early to give me some protection from Grimtaash.  It also has two ability which means I only need three ships to draw a battle destiny instead of four.  Also the forfeit of four is a little better than the Tie interceptors forfeit.

Didn’t you have a different version of this deck with Tie Scouts and no SYCFA?  Yes I did but WYS would kill that version.  It also didn’t do very well against any deck that used the Home 1.  This version of my ties gets nice activation, cancels revolution, and is better at shooting ships down.

Tip 1 You can set up a nice cycle of tie interceptors if you cancel a drain to Dreaded Imperial Starfleet.  Deploy it to DS Dockingbay to block the drain and retrieve one.  He battles and you lose the tie to the used pile.  Repeat.

Tip 2  Hold on to the Dreadnaught.  You will need it to move around to the systems.

Tip 3  Keep Arica safe from Corran Horn by deploying her to where she can easily get back to the DS.

Tip 4  The Emperors Shield deploys for -2 to Endor and is power plus three there.

Tip 5  Don’t deploy the DS Warroom versus a WYS deck because you will only activate 1 there and be drained for two.

I have to give credit to Seth Van Winkle for the concept behind the Tie Interceptor swarm and shoot down idea.

Any other questions?        '