---
layout: post
author: Phillip "Karrdeshark" Aasen
title: 'HDADTJ My Style A.K.A. At Last We Will Have Our Revenge'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-14
description: 'A high-destiny dueling Huntdown that has served me very well.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Start:9
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe
Executor: Meditation Chamber
Executor: Holotheater
Epic Duel
Visage of the Emperor
Prepared Defenses
They Will Be No Match For You
Crush The Rebellion
Imperial Arrest Order & Secret Plans

Locations:3
Executor: Docking Bay
Cloud City: Docking Bay
Death Star: Docking Bay 327

Characters:15
Emperor Palpatine x2
Lord Vader
EPP Vader x2
DVDLOTS
Mara Jade, TEH
Darth Maul
Darth Maul, Young Apprentice x2 (one MUST be AI for the deck to work best ;)
Guri
Grand Moff Tarkin
U-3PO
Arica
P-59 or 60 (either one works)

Starships:3
Executor
Sith Infiltrator x2 (one MUST be AI for the deck to work best;)

Weapons:3
Maul’s Lightsaber
Darth Vader’s Lightsaber
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

Effects:8
Visage of the Emperor
The Phantom Menace x2
Reactor Terminal
No Escape
Image of the Dark Lord
Mournful Rour
You Cannot Hide Forever & Mobilization Points

Interrupts:19
TCINC x2
Vader’s Obsession x2
Maul Strikes! x2
Twi’lek x2
Massa Move 
IHYN x2
Young Fool
Force Lightning
Focused Attack x2
You Are Beaten
Weapon Levitation
Sniper & Dark Striken
Evader & Monnok 

Strategy: 

It’s a pretty basic high-destiny platform for dueling.  You don’t even need to track for every duel.  Just stick Palpy at the Holotheater and zap anyone who dares stick their nose in.  I think that most people know how to play HuntDown so I won’t go into strategy or anything.  If they play Menace fades or Battle Plan, not a problem; this deck doesn’t do much draining.  Here is card-by-card list of why I use the cards I use (all the non-obvious ones, that is.)....

IAO/Secret Plans:  Would go with Begin Landing your troops, but I want the retrieval protection.

D*:DB : Crush is still in effect here.  A Battleground.

Sith Infiltrator: 6 destiny, looks cool, can stop drains at Kessel or Coruscant (SE version).

Executor: Can be pulled by Mob. Points.  Can put Guri on board to make it immune.

Darth Vader’s Saber: great for dueling, besides, they are always canceling the drain bonus.

4 Vaders: plenty for a second or third turn Deployment of Vader.

3 Maul: Awesome card!  Both of them!

Guri: can sit on Executor or at a site and stuff the EPPs/I Know/Don’t Get @#$%y etc.

Tarkin: awesome with Vader.  (especially at a mobile site)

U-3PO and Arica:  can’t afford to be everywhere at once.  

P-59 or 60:  Good destiny and force loss.  (want to add whichever one I am not playing ;)

Reactor Terminal:  Makes dueling a breeze, if you know how to track.

Image of the Dark Lord: Good against twix decks.  (no more activation for you at those Y4 sites)  6 destiny.

Mournful Roar: 7 destiny, even more force loss for the opponent.

Force Lightning: How to cook a Gungan.  By Phillip Aasen.

Young Fool: How to put fried Gungan out of play.
6 destiny.

Elis Helrot: nice card when there is somewhere you need to be.

You Are Beaten: cancels the fury.  Makes it even easier to beat people down.

Sniper/Dark Strike: makes people mad.

Focused: helps against Qui-Gon

2 of each dueling card:  nice sixes and most people don’t play a whole lot of protection.

You basically play the same in all matchups: reduce opponents ground support to little or nothing.  and Visage+ plink-plink drains will eat them up.  Hope you enjoyed it,

Phillip ’Karrdeshark’ Aasen 