---
author: Andrew "Gadget" Ledwith
title: What A Wussy Name For A Card
side: Dark
date: 2001-07-12
description: But that aside, Dark Deal has become a very good deck type overnight.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations (5)
Bespin 
Bespin: Cloud City 
Cloud City: Carbonite Chamber 
Cloud City: Chasm Walkway 
Cloud City: West Gallery 

Characters (22)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle 
Aurra Sing 
Baron Soontir Fel 
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle 
Bossk With Mortar Gun 
Colonel Jendon 
Darth Maul  x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith  x2
Dengar With Blaster Carbine 
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba 
Guri 
IG-88 With Riot Gun 
Jabba 
Janus Greejatus 
Jodo Kast 
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand 
OS-72-10 
Prince Xizor 
Sebulba 
Snoova 

Starships (10)
Chimaera 
Executor 
Obsidian 10 
Onyx 1 
OS-72-1 In Obsidian 1 
OS-72-2 In Obsidian 2 
Saber 1 
Scythe 1 
Scythe 3 
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 

Interrupts (8)
Dark Maneuvers & Tallon Roll  x2
Evader & Monnok 
I Have You Now  x2
Jabba’s Through With You  x2
Twi’lek Advisor 

Effects (9)
Cloud City Occupation 
Combat Response 
Crush The Rebellion 
Dark Deal 
Fighter Cover - Admiral’s Order 
I’m Sorry 
Imperial Arrest Order 
Secret Plans 
You Cannot Hide Forever 

Weapons (5)
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber 
SFS L-s7.2 TIE Cannon  x2
SFS L-s9.3 Laser Cannons  x2

Objective (1)
This Deal Is Getting Worse All The Time/Pray I Don’t Alter It Any Further  

Strategy: 

READ THE STRATEGY
(unless you were planning on blindly giving me 5 stars)

Oh, in case you didn’t realize, the card I’m talking about is I’m Sorry (what a stupid name).

Here’s your starting cards:
any site (doesn’t really matter)
Prep D
I’m Sorry
Crush The Rebellion
Combat Responce

This deck is 5-1 in tournament play. I lost to a Hayes’ Pile me-too because I couldn’t find IAO in time before he Nabruned in a beatdown squad. Oh well.

This deck has beaten:
QMC (played by the CT state runner-up)
Profit
MBO
RST
TIGIH

Quite a variety of decks. In the future I think I would start IAO instead of Crush The Rebellion vs Pile decks so that Nabrun would not screw me again.

First off, NO ONE in Connecticut plays any kind of space. It’s just not done. I don’t know why. I didn’t go too overboard with space in this deck as a result. If people in your deck DO play space, add in more ships, maybe 1-2 Atmospheric Assaults to get extra destiny in the clouds, etc.

EARLY GAME
Pull the 2 sites you didn’t start before you activate. Get the system and sector out quick so you can get your generation rolling. If your opponent is going to ignore you (mostly stuff like RST, Profit, and MBO decks), get Deal and Occupation set up quick. Occupation will probably get canceled w/ Endor Celebration if you’re playing a good opponent, but don’t worry about it.

MID GAME
If you’re playing an opponent who’s coming to you (Pile, HB mains, QMC), then you won’t have Deal set up until sometime in the mid game, if ever. If you’re playing QMC, just ditch Dark Deal to a drain, because you won’t get it set up. Mid game is usually a lot of battles. On the ground you have 4 interrupts to add destiny (JTWY & IHYN), and in space you have weapons and Tallon Rolls. Ten Nunb eats it to Tallon Roll, so before you drop Executor or Chimera make sure you’ve got a TIE/ln up there to protect it (that’s sounds weird, doesn’t it?). Don’t forget Bespin gametext, since if the opponent has let you have the system they will have to pay +1 for their characters and vehicles to hit the ground. Fighter Cover is a VERY good AO in this deck. Your Sith, Jabba, and a couple of other good characters will get +2 to immunity while you occupy the system. Mara will even add 1 to each of her saber draws. And of course there’s the st’ship weapon text, which you probably wouldn’t forget. 

END GAME
This part of the game is either you draining your opponent out OR you picking and choosing when and where to battle. If you are involved in the latter, it becomes a game of skill. Versus QMC at this point they will be out of Paths and various other interrupts that they can run with, so they will be much more cautious. I have never had problems in an end game situation with this deck (the game I lost we were currently in the mid-game when he swiftly beat me down to win it). 

Questions:
Twi’lek? To get 2 remaining effects (IAO and # killer). It is worth it since they’re both good. Desinty 5 is cool too.

You Cannot Hide Forever? 3 purposes. Your bounty hunters with weapons can kill Jedi with a 5 (track a Tallon Roll to get Qui-gon). It obviously gets rid of #s, which are a pain. And in a pinch it can also be used to fetch IAO if you need it that badly. 

Janus? Usually no questions here, but I’ll clarrify anyway. If you get a double of a good destiny interrupt stick it back with this rather than playing it so you don’t have to worry about a grappler. 

Stuff you shouldn’t forget (but I usually do):
Jodo Kast gametext
Bespin gametext
Objective gametext (no Goo for DVDLOTS, Jabba, etc)
Secret Plans
Evader/Monnok (it’s in there, use it!)
Maul gametext (I always forget to drain when there’s no character of ability > 3 present)
Text on second half of Fighter Cover

That’s about it. I’ll be out of town soon, but I’ll be back on July 29th, right before Coruscant comes out, so if you have questions ask someone else, because by the time I get back the deck MIGHT not work anymore. Thanks for reading.   