---
layout: post
author: ! Todd "ChessMaster" Vandewalker
title: ! "MO Third Place LS Hidden Mains/OMDH"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-17
description: ! 'This deck went 2-1 at the MO championships. Could easily have gone undefeated, I just had a bad draw and got no ships out the whole game.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Objective (1)
Hidden Base/Starships Will Slip Through Your Fingers

Locations (7)
Tattoine
Alderran
Home One Docking Bay
Spaceport Docking Bay
Tattoine Docking Bay
Corulag
Rendezvous Point

Characters (19)
Ben Kenobi x3
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x3
Captain Han Solo
Han with Heavy Blaster Pistol
Leia with Blaster Rifle x2
Chewbacca, Protector
Lando with Vibro-Ax x2
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Corran Horn
Melas
Tawss Khaa
Orrimarrko
Dash Rendar

Starships (7)
Artoo-Detoo In Red 5
Home One
Liberty
Millenium Falcon
Outrider
Red Squadron 1
Spiral

Interrupts (6)
Fallen Portal x2
Heading For The Medical Frigate
The Signal x2
Weapon Levitation 

Effects (14)
Battle Plan
Menace Fades
Insurrection
Legendary Starfighter
Staging Areas
Order To Engage
Our Most Desperate Hour x3
Wise Advice
What Are You Trying To Push On Us? x2
Squadron Assignments
Tattoine Celebration

Admiral’s Orders (2)
I’ll Take The Leader x2

Weapons (4)
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber x2
Anakin’s Lightsaber
Luke’s Lightsaber
'

Strategy: '

I do not appreciate people giving me 1/2 star reviews. I’ve had to delete 3 of them now just because there are a couple people who have a problem with me or my playing style. You don’t see me coming and giving all your decks 1/2 stars so I don’t expect you to either. 

Pacman
Trust me, even drains of 3 (with the system) will add up fast with my retrieval. Remember, I can retrieve whatever they dish out multiple times over unless SSPFT comes out and even if it does, I never have to retrieve more than 3 times anyway. Try it and you will see it does plenty of damage, just not quickly. Retrieval vs Retrieval takes a long time, but I come out on top. 

AgentSD
Sorry man, but you don’t really know what you’re talking about. It would be almost impossible for Court to take over my Tattoine system when I am set up there. Home One with Corran Horn and Wedge on it alone will stop them, not to mention Super Falcon/Outrider. They don’t have a chance. 

Austin316
Don’t give me a 3 star review saying ”it’s ok”. That is the worst kind of review possible. Say something informative and useful. 

First update
A lot of you seem to think I have problems to Visage. Vsage means nothing to me. I will just lose to Visage and so will my opponent, the only difference being I will retrieve it back and they won’t. With 3 Lukes and 3 Bens, non-dueling HD will always be on the 0 side. HD/dueling is very rare due to WYS and even if they do duel, I have pretty nice destinies and I always make sure they never duel in a battle by just moving my guys around the docking bays. This deck was almost made to beat non-duel HD. Try and see  

Second update
Some of you say ROPS is a problem. There are ways to keep ROPS on the 0 side. Move ships over early to prevent an early flip (save a force to fake a Rebel Barrier, ROPS won’t try anything without the proper fleet with the Falcon and Outrider sitting there). Then you either try to deploy some guys to Ralltiir or even deploy your docking bay over there to move guys from Tattoine for cheap.

I have considered putting in the following cards
Glancing Blow
Courage Of A Skywalker
Ounee Ta
Sorry About The Mess
Aim High
Any suggestions? 

Please note this is not the exact decklist I used at the championships. I made a few minor changes to fit my liking after seeing it played in the tournament. Please give thoughtful and meaningful reviews. Thanks for your time.


The start
Hidden Base
Corulag (HB Marker)
Rendezvous Point
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Squadron Assignments
Insurrection
Staging Areas

The strategy
First turn, pull Tattoine and Home One DB. Drop a guy there for activation purposes. Don’t deploy the Tattoine Docking Bays until you are ready to deploy there and set up Tattoine Celebration. Drop your ground guys to the Tattoine Docking Bays and keep them there. There is no reason to go fight unneccesary battles with this deck due to your retrieval capability. Their drains will not be hurting you due to Menace Fades and Battle Plan. Stay on one docking bay (or both if they are weak on ground) and retrieve everything lost whenever you want. Keep moving between docking bays to avoid battles and your opponent will have nothing to do. With Tattoine Celebration and the OMDH, you will rarely find yourself with a lost pile. I’ll Take The Leader and the sabers will make your drains impossible to ignore. If you hold the Tattoine system and a Tattoine Docking Bay, you win. Your effects shut down the opponent and you have plenty of guys to retrieve however much needed, just make sure to save force for Secret Plans. 

The matchups

Hunt Down and Destroy The Jedi
A dueling version of this deck is the biggest problem for this deck, but it can still beat it and they are really losing popularity. Just set up on one Tattoine docking bay and hold the Tattoine system. Your ships can easily hold the system and your guys will have no problem on the ground. Hunt Down will just sit there and chase you around the docking bays and if they try to spread out, beat them up. This deck easily beats non-dueling HD. If dueling is really popular, you could consider the anti-duel cards, but they probably aren’t needed because you have fairly high destiny anyways and they should never be dueling during their battle phase because you just move between the docking bays. Easy to beat if you know what you’re doing.

Bring Him Before Me
Simple. Again, take control of the Tattoine System and a Docking Bay. Give them Luke and win the game. They won’t have enough characters to stop you on the ground and not enough ships to take out your space fleet. Retrieve when you need to.

Court Of The Vile Gangster
Again, very easy unless they get really lucky. Menace Fades will shut down Gailid. Just lose to their objective until you are ready to set up on the docking bays. Control the system and docking bay and let Menace Fades and Battle Plan do the trick. Avoid Hidden Weapons by moving your guys around the docking bays and not letting them battle. Even if they do battle, Fallen Portal could win games. Retrieve your small lost pile and shake the opponents hand.

My Kind Of Scum
Well, there are a couple different versions of this deck (none of which are hard to beat). This deck usually has very little space so holding the Tattoine system and a Docking Bay should be a breeze. Tattoine Celebration will retrieve their drain of 1-2 and your guys moving around the 2 Tattoine Docking Bays will be unstopabble. Avoid battles and they will have nothing for your retrieval. 

Ties
Ties with cannons could be a tough matchup, but I think it can be won. Ties are weak on ground, so hold the 2 Tattoine docking bays and use Corran to stop spies. Pile all your ships on Tattoine and let Celebration and I’ll Take The Leader win you the game. Beware of the Tie’s Cannons because they can shoot down all your good starfighters. Corran Horn and Captain Han on the Falcon is maneuver 8 so don’t let that screw you over. I wish I had room for Darklighter Spin. Let Wedge and Corran cancel their destiny and grab the All Power To Weapons and should be able to win. Holding the Tattoine system is key to victory.

ISB/SYCFA Space w/Imperial Commands
Tough, tough, tough but can be won. Be sure to grab Imperial Command. Maybe I should consider a SATM/BP for 5D6-RA7. Again, hold Tattoine and the Docking Bays and try to retrieve. SSPFT will mak your OMDH out of play, so use them wisely. ISB has the power to take over the system, if this happens just move around to their weak spots and let Order To Engage make something happen. 

As I said, this deck went 2-1 at the MO State Championships and that’s only because I got NO ships to Tattoine the whole game. It was against MKOS Skrilling, but I am very confident that is a matchup this deck can win 95% of the time. 

Thanks for looking and I will be looking forward to your reviews              '