---
layout: post
author: ! Jim "Sex Machine-" Green
title: ! "BHBM  Sex Machine style"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-19
description: ! "Oh yeah"
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting
BHBM
Throne Room
Prepared Defenses
Crush the Rebellion
IAO
Mob. Points
Insig Rebellion
Your Destiny

Chracters
Lord Vader x4
Darth Maul x2
Mara Jade, TEH x2
Emporer Palpatine x2
Sim Aloo
Janus Greejatus
Grand Moff Tarkin x2
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Admiral Chiraneau
Prince Xizor
Guri
Aurra Sing

Weapons
Vaders Saber x2
Mauls Saber
Maras Saber

Starships
ZinMH
BFinS1
Chimera x2

Locations
Rendilli
DS2Db
EndorDb
SPDb

Effects
Lateral Damage
No Escape
Search and Destroy
Secret Plans
YCNHF

Interrupts
Operation as Planned
Twi Lek x2
Evader/Monnok 
Force Lightning
Weapon Lev x2
Imperial Command x2
Masterful Move x2
Sense x2
I Have You Now x2
You Are Beaten '

Strategy: '

Please read all of the strat before reviewing thank you for comments


Turn 1)
  Starts out by pulling, Palpy, force lightning, DS2Db, Rendilli, and I have you now. Drop Palpy to the DS2Db first turn for activation. Put down Sim or Janus if you have them, if not draw remaining cards hopfully you have Vader in your hand.

Turn 2)
  You activate 7+, grab EndorDb, if you have Vader drop him to Endor and draw the remaing cards.

Turn 3)
  Activate 10+, if you do not have luke go pick him up and deploy some more guys.

Turn 4)
  Get a good army out on space and ground, with the imperial commands you should have no problem controling space. Chimera/trawn/chiraneau=beast power 14 and Imperial command wrecks

This is generaly a get out your beat down forces and beat them down while taking one of the best characters I have you now is huge with 3 D.Jedis and the destinies in this deck are decent with some easy tracking tools

Mid-Late Game after you rough up the opponent some and stack some cards Vader and Palpy need a vaction so take them to the throne room and get some duel’in going. set up Force Lightning&Masterful move or Twi Lek and Masterful Move ect... for a solid 11 to make them lose 3 a turn until the end of the game. There usualy is not enough time to win 4 battles( with most people playing Jedi Luke) to cross luke. I usually win 3 (1 in space and 2 on ground) and then go to the throne room to finish off the opponent with duels

But if they do give you luke with stick or something cross him

Rebel Scout Luke is not a pain
A) hardly anyone uses him 
B) if they do and fly Vader over then Duel the entire game no biggy.

Match Ups( are about the same for every LS deck)

You pick up Luke, which cancles; gift of the mentor, run luke, run, Don’t Get @#$%y, the destiny adders with Luke, Lukes Saber.Han with Gun and Luke. Luke is the Light side ”Man”. From there on it is hard for the opponent to have huge power unless it is basterd palace raiders. SO you Battle and duel to win. BHBM win generaly within the range of 10-15 that is not an insane amount but, a possitve amount and a win.

Hyper Drive Generator objective
doesnt screw over BHBM all the new Jedis do not do a whole lot and are not very powerful, yes, you cannot duel ( with Vader) but it is still fine Maul eats Jedi( with tracked destiny) for lunch you can still win this game start the game out like normal. Play your game smart and win.

Have fun with the deck thanks for eeading and reviewing

'