---
layout: post
author: ! Brian "vader106" Hollingworth
title: ! "Hunt Him up the Anus"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-22
description: ! "Hunt Down Sevens"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (10)
Hunt down and Duel the Jedi
Holotheatre
Visage
Meditation Chamber
Podrace Arena
Podrace
Start your Engines
Sebulba’s Pod
Epic Duel
Watto’s Box

Locations (2)
Maul Site
Death Star

Characters (13)
Choke Vader x5
Emperor Palpy x2
Iggy with gun
Janus
Maul x2
Mara x2

Interupts(14)
Podracer Collision x3
Circle x2
Vader’s Obsession x2
Counter Assault x2
Ommni Box combo x2
Hunting Party
Focused Attack x2

Effects (13)
Visage x6
Grabber
No escape
We’re the bait x2
Mournful Roar
Reacter Terminal

Weapons (9)
Vader’s Stick x3
Maul’s Stick
Mara’s Stick
Intruder Missle x2
Double Laser Cannon x2 '

Strategy: '

To Kjedi I haven’t seen ebo in along time, so i don’t expect to now when tatooine doesn’t help it at all.

To Garion This is a sevens deck, so I’m not going to remove sevens.

To Aqualish Who plays chasm?


Oh yeah, CHYBC should be in there, remove something for it.

At the start you just get vader to a batttle ground and win the race. Toss any sevens in your hand into the lost pile because you’ll just retrive them with the race.  Always keep a ivsage in hand in case they cancel it. Neck and Neck will never work because you will be way ahead of them.  Look at the destiny.  14 SEVENS, 6 SIXES, 5 Fives.  Most of the time you will draw at least a 5, ussually more for your first race destiny, then you will be too far ahead for neck and neck to work.  And if you are in any danger of losing they race, playing three podracer collisions solves that.  You will never lose a duel, especially if you have a focused attack.  It is very ordinary to win a blind duel against jedi luke. With the podrace damage and dueling damage and visage damage, the games will be over very quick. Then all you have to worry about is what you will do before the next games, because your in for a long wait.  I’d suggest hardcore trek, because that game rules.  Now back to the deck.

4 Locations? It’s all I need.  I really don’t need that much force with this deck, as I don’t need to deploy much.

13 Characters? It’s all I need. You take out a lot of force with the podrace, getting rid of a few characters there.  Then you duel luke and obi, getting rid of 2 of there best characters. That force lost will take out some more characters.  Leia is useless. Everyone else will die to your destiny.

Choke Vader- he is god. He can choke anyone exept Qui-Gon.

Prince- He is great for protecting visage and dropping on a lone character when they think all my guys are down.

Iggy- Capture Qui gon.  Qui gon is the one jedi you can’t duel, so capture him.

Janus- next to vader, he is god. put back sevens

Maul- don’t duel with him.  Just kill people with him.

Mara- you can duel luke with her if you want, but ussually vader does the duelling. She is good for dueling luke when he is far away from vader.  Also good for killing shmi and threepio in the slave quarters.

Podracer collision- make sure you win the podrace, and can place out of place nasty interupts.

Counter assault- look at the destiny. If you still don’t know why this is in here then you really suck.

Ommni box combo- In the only game i lost, to steve Brentson, he played it could be worse for dueling damage and podrace damage.  So i added in this to prevent that.

Hunting Party- seven

Focused attack- add a destiny to further insure you win the race.

6 visage- they’re sevens and are good.

Grabber- grab retrival

No escape- duh

We’re the bait- sevens

Mournful Roar- seven

Reacter Terminal- Put back sevens

Intruder Missle- Sevens

Double Laser Cannon- sevens

Note in case you didn’t figure this out, I don’t play the sevens (except visage), they are just for destiny. Put them back with janus and reacter terminal whenever you get them.    '