---
layout: post
author: Cat "CatLoneRogue" Ceder
title: 'Holographic Mains'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-12
description: ! 'hehe....read then read the strat then ask me why the name is what it is.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Holotable
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Insurrection
Staging Areas
Strike Planning

Home One Docking Bay
Tatooine Docking Bay
Endor Docking Bay
Cloud City Docking Bay

Obi-Wan Kenobi x2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x2
Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout
Han With Blaster x2
Leia With Blaster x2
General Calrissian
General Crix Madine
Corporal Beezer
Chewbacca, Protector
Melas
Orrimaarko
Twass Khaa
Mirax Terrix
Corran Horn
Dash Rendar
Tallon Karde

Millennium Falcon
Home One
Outrider

Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber
Luke’s Lightsaber x2
Mercenary Armor
Obi-Wan’s Journal

Lightsaber Proficiency
Weapon Levitation x2
Fallen Portal x3
Jedi Presence
Gift Of The Mentor
Don’t Get @#$%y
I Know
Disarmed x2
Grimtaash x3
Draw Their Fire
Frozen Assets
I Hope She Is Alright
Projection Of A Skywalker x2
Traffic Control
The Signal x2
'

Strategy: '

Well here’s another...and before you say...why not Grimtaash/Shocking Information, G/SI isn’t a Hologram and thus can’t go to the Holotable.

Oh and the reason it’s Holographic Mains instead of Hidden Mains is that I am not using the Objective HB I just thought that I would rekindle a dead card. ) Holotheater. Enjoy the read.

So onto the deck, played as any other Mains & Docking Bay’s w/Toys deck. Just set up w/the Crix man @ Home 1 and Beezer to boot, along with her getting Obi’s Journal...your good to go. Get Tatooine next and drop the old man there and some scrubs...then the next turn get some more dbs and so on...till their all out and you have presence at them all. You should be activating somewhere around 12 to 13 force just for yourself and giving only 3 away. Yes, I know the Force draining potential isn’t all that high, but it’s still enough w/the sticks and Lightsaber Pro your doing quite well. And you can go space somewhat as well...just try to hold one system down and use your Fallen Portals and stuff to make things easier for yourself. If you have to pay to FD for BP your good cause your activation is plenty. 

When the battles are starting get the boys together and hit them with some attrition adders and Jedi Presence. This deck should become quite the powerhouse when the new cards come out.

Against most decks you shouldn’t have to much of a problem, BHBM is the only pain in the ass, but then thats why you have Rebel Scout Luke to bounce Vader and him to the Throne Room and leave them their. Then go out and start looking for the battles so that you can conver the old man to the light (which I’ve actually done). Against Hunt Down, similiar avoid Vader till you need to and then beat him down. The other characters w/the destinies as high as they are should do the trick.


Any questions fee free to email or d-mail
'