---
layout: post
author: Ian "Chocobo93" Hunter
title: 'Hunt Down and Manipulate the Jedi'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-04-05
description: ! 'Use manipulation to your advantage in dueling and basic battling, etc.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (9)-
HDADTJ
Executor Meditation Chamber
Executor Holotheatre
Visage of the Emperor
Epic Duel
Prepd. Defenses
Mob. Points
IAO
First Strike (Varies)

Locations (4)-
Executor Docking Bay
Tatooine Docking Bay
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Lars’ Moisture Farm

Characters (13)-
Lord Vader
Vader, DLOTS x2
Tarkin
Palpatine
Prince Xizor
Guri
Boba w/ Blaster
Ephant Mon
Grand Adm. Thrawn
Gen. Veers
Evazen and Ponda Baba
Janus Greejatus

Effects (5)-
Secret Plans
Search and Destroy
Broken Concentration
Reactor Terminal
Imperial Decree

Interrupts (25)-
Vaders Obsession x2
Circle x2
Focused Attack x2
Imperial Barrier x3
Voyeur x2
Alter x2
Projective Telepathy x2
A Dangerous Time x2
Holonet Transmission x2
Trinto Duaba
Force Lightning
Weapon of an Ungrateful Son
Masterful Move
Twilek Advisor
Evader

Weapons (2)-
Vaders Lightsaber
Darth Vaders Lightsaber

Starships (2)-
Chimaera
Dengar in P1 '

Strategy: '

When I play this deck, it has owned against most deck types.

NOTE I dont have any other Vaders or any Mara Jades period other than what’s listed here. Feel free to substitute in Vaders and Jades for some of the interrupts. Same with the Bounty Hunter ships. D in P1 is the only one I have, so substitute accordingly.

Depending on what deck your opponent plays, you should decide your 3rd starting effect. WYS, X-Wing Swarm, MWYHL & Profit all should start Secret Plans. Against most others, First Strike should be your pick. This both helps you retrieve force, since you’ll usually be doing the battling and makes those pesky interrupts cost more. With the heavy manip. (which I’ll get into later) you won’t be touched by their interrupts.

On your first turn, pull Exe. docking bay and deploy, then use a scrub character like Evazen and Baba to help generate force. While looking for the docking bay, see if one of your three Vader’s is in your force pile. If it is, wait a turn to deploy a scrub to the DB and draw Vader up.

You’ll have to eat the Visage damage for the first couple of turns, but you should be able to have the objective flipped before you lose any more than 5 force. If you happen to get Ephant, all the better for Visage protection. Use Holonet Trans. to guard against Trans. Term. If they try to use Honor on you, just get out you tat. docking bay and other two tat. sites and occupy.

The manip cards

Broken Concentration This card rocks. If they’re saving 1 force for that Rebel Barrier, use 2 force to put it on top of their reserve deck. Now you can deploy with impunity

A Dangerous Time/Voyeur Use A Dangerous Time to rearrange their force pile to put low destiny on top, then put it on top of their reserve deck w/ BC. After that, arrange the like interrupts with each other at the top where you can use Voyeur after he uses them.

Projective Telepathy Did he just use all his force for deploy, and leave only 1 for battling? Awww... Also, if he only activates a certain amount for something specific, but decides to force drain first, he’s gotta use 2 force Always keep him on the defensive, if you can.

Trinto Duaba With destiny tracking, this can be a devastating card. 5 destiny, which helps dueling out and can take out many good cards if you track correctly. Duel, battle, then use this.

-Matchups-

WYS This or EBO is gonna be your hardest matchup. Space is not your strong point. They usually dont have any spies, so dont worry too much about Visage being cancelled this way. Make sure not to lose either of your Holonet Trans., since they can play their TT from the lost pile.
By the time they get set up with their smugglers, you should have consolidated your hold on Tatooine. Since you can’t activate force at their Cantina, convert it If you use Chimaera + Thrawn to keep Kessel Run out of the picture, they wont have much ammo against you. If they drop Luke, duel duel duel. Start First Strike, because this is a heavy 

EBO (X-Wing Swarm) This is where Dengar in P1 shines. Use Chimaera + Thrawn w/ Dengar in P1 to clear them out system by system, or try to occupy 2 hoth locations to satisfy Decree. Watch for Ice Storm though. Keep Vader off of Hoth Start w/ Secret Plans to protect against All Wings, and since battling wont be a big part of this deck. Get Vader to a battleground fast and let the Visage do it’s work.

Hidden Mains Duel Obi or Luke if they come to the ground. Your cards should be safe, since they can’t battle (or Force Drain) with Leia, they’ll get dueled with Luke or Obi, and that leaves Han and Lando. (hahahaha) Use the manip to your advantage to keep any destiny adders (snicker) from becoming a problem.

Profit Same as Hidden Mains. Start Secret Plans for the retrieval they get from Han. Their mains shouldn’t be a problem. If you wanna be a problem, get to the audience chamber with Vader and sit there. Guard against Visage being cancelled w/ Ephant Mon and someone at the DB.

TIGIH Capture Luke w/ Vader ASAP. (Too Bad you cant duel him) Since under captive rules he’s not there (by name) the objective can flip. Get off endor back to tatooine, then sit there. Make sure not to leave anything too unprotected; cards build up on I feel the Conflict faster than you’d think. Start First Strike, since you’re going to be doing some battling here.

MWYHL Visage is your best friend here. Protect Visage and get Vader down ASAP. By the time their training is completed they have no life force due to Visage.

Those are the most common decks in my area. This ran a little long, but it’s a solid deck, and it also proves the Hunt Down decks are far from dead. Please constructively criticize my deck, I’m new to Decktech and would appreciate some comments other than "Not enough Vaders/Maras/BH in Ships". Thanks. '