---
layout: post
author: ! Mike "Rushe" Blumberg
title: ! "Dash is a punk"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-23
description: ! 'Dash is not realy a punk, but these new decks are running rampant and we have to find a way to bludgeon it. It ain’t going to be easy.My deck is old school with some new trick stuff tossed in.It sets up big activation early and plays to whateve'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'Start

SYCFA
Death Star
DS DB
Alderaan
Prepared Defenses
Imp. Arrest Order
Mob Points
Combat Response

Locations

Rendilli
Space Port DB

Admirals Order
Were in attck position now

Characters

EPP Vader x2
Emperor Palpatine x2
Baron Soontir Fel x2
Grand Daddy Thrawn x2
GM Tarkin
Commander Igar
Commander Merrejk
General Veers
Janus Greejatus
EPP Boba Fett
Admiral Piett
Admiral Chiraneau
Captain Godhert
Arica

Big Blue stuff
Tempest 1
Blizzard 1
Saber 1 x2
Chimaera x2
Zuckster
Bossk in Hounds Tooth’

Green Things
SFS L-s9.3 Laser Cannons x2
Mara’s stick

Effects

TINT/Oppressive Enforcement
Battle Order
Something Special Planned for Them
First Strike
Lateral Damage
Presence of The Force x2
Grabber x2

Interrupts
Twilek Advisor x2
Trample
Imperial Command
Dark Maneuvers
Young Fool
Force Field
Force Lightning x2
I Can’t Shake Him x2

'

Strategy: '

The deck is a alot of fun to play. I am sure most of you have seen a deck like this before but using some of the newer cards helps.

My strategy is to pull Rendilli immediately and hopefully the docking bay. Hidden Base is the only deck that gives no force 1st turn but if it is hidden base I am not to worried. First turn Emperor at the docking bay is huge. You need a 6 to Fallen portal and I grab Force Lightning after recirculating.

Combat response is for the big bad Baron. I Can’t shake him gets his guns and adds destiny. nuff said. With new LS objective, I may wait a turn now to deploy Baron to possibly Kessel and try to hold it until Chimaera pops in with Thrawn and/or others. Ive thought about changing to I’ll take The Leader with more ships and pilots but Menace fades is a pisser.

Vader, Tarkin, & Boba Fett can take and hold the Cantina for a spell and the drains are brutal.Janus the Anus cycles fat destiny. I read somewhere that can win you games.

Walkers, Veers, and the Commanders engage the Admiral’s order damage nicely and are fat power and forfeit on the ground. Something about adding destiny and making you redraw yours is kinda good.
Trample/Forced Lightning happens anytime during any turn so thats not to shabby either. Young Fool takes good characters out of play and is a fat 6. Grabbers are key against most current decks but are huge aginst Watch Your Step. Arica is new to my deck but is easily replaced with Mara. I built a nightfall WYS and it is cool so Mara/Arica has to be in against it. Gotta watch out for Horn though. She can take care of herself pretty well. Something Special Planned for them is cool against retrieval WYS and who has not forgotten that little +2 to move away text?? Hyper Escape/Order to Engage is so cheesy but effective and that combined with First Strike is nice.

The deck is fun to play and has been very competitive so far. It anihalated a Hidden Base on Sunday, shooting down Super Duper Falcon(Capt Han, Liea, and R2) by tracking a 6. Profit decks would give it alot of trouble. Sticking Mara and Boba Fett in the AC can work well for a little while. Does Arica deploy undercover to begin the game?? If so, I would dump her there and leave her by herself.

There are many cards that interchange in the deck and I am using 2 of several key cards but it doesnt rely on just 1 character. Out of commission blows, pure and simple. Ask Neal. yuk yuk '