---
layout: post
author: ! Andy "Solo337" McClure
title: ! 'One Step Closer'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-17
description: ! 'There Is Good In Him, why not? My version of TIGIH, with tons of battle-oriented interuppts, retrieval, serious HD hate and no space (kinda my trademark for LS :-P).'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

' 
Objective
TIGIH

Locations (7)
Chirpa’s Hut (s)
Endor Docking Bay (s)
Home 1 Docking Bay 
Tatooine DB
Cloud City DB
Endor Back Door
Tatooine Jundlund Wastes

Characters (18)
Luke Skyalker, Jedi Wannabe (scout) (s)
Jedi Luke (The real one)
EPP Obi x3
EPP Leia x2
EPP Han x2
Chewbacca, Protector x2
JPSD Lando x2
Tawass Khaa
Wedge Antilles, RSL
Corran Horn
Harc Seff (My boy- TECH)
Orrimaarko

Weapon
Luke’s Stick (s)

Starships (0)
Who needs ’em? -)

Interrupts (25)
Heading For The Frigate (s)
Clash Of Sabers
On The Edge x2
Off The Edge x2
Sorry About The Mess/BP x2
Out Of Commision x5
Rebel Barrier (Japenese -)
Throw Me Another Charge
Fall Of The Legend
I Know
Control/Tunnel x2
Fallen Portal x2
Glancing Blow x2
Lost In The Wilderness
Smoke Screen
Courage Of A Skywalker

Effects (8)
I Feel The Conflict (s)
Insurrection (s)
Staging Areas (s)
Do Or Do Not/WA
Ounee Ta
Order To Engage
What Are You Trying To Push On Us
Aim HIgh

'

Strategy: '

WOW There was BIG error in the deck list. It is supposed to be Out Of Commision/Transmission Terminated x5, not the regular one That makes a big difference. Thanks for pointing that out, Gen. 

In case you don’t get it, the title is a reference to the AWESOME Linkin Park song, ”One Step Closer,” in conjunction with my On The Edge/Off The Edge. (”’Cuz I’m One Step Closer to the Edge, and I’m about to BREAK”) 
I thought it was a cool title. 

I apologize for the mis-spelling of Linkin Park I fixed it

Well, basically I built this deck because one day I got an insane hankering (spelling?) to play TIGIH. I always have insulted it, but I wanted to try it. So I threw a bunch of battle stuff together, added in and tweaked it, and here is the end result. I think it is the best TIGIH out there. 

I don’t think the deck needs too much of an explanation. Just bring the beats The locations are there for generation (docking bays) and draining (Back Door and Jundlund Wastes). 

Your third starting interuppt depends on the deck you are playing. Usually start DODN/WA, but Aim High better against Scum. 

Card choices
Order To Engage Make them pay for running away, or force them into a losing battle, bringing you 1 card closer to converting Vader.

Aim High Gives you power +5 with your 3 non-saber weapons and is awesome vs. TIEs and Scum or any other DS retrieval. 

Ounee Ta I hate RalOps, and None Shall Pass. I really like being able to get back your top card, too, it is cool. 

FIVE OUT OF COMMISIONS??? Alright, I know I am probably gonna get hammered for it, but before you do, let me plead my case. In my opinion, TIGIH has the most trouble with Hunt Down of any deck. With 5 OOC/Trans Terms, chances are that you will get one first hand to cancel Visge, thus buying you some time to get your anti-duel interuppts in you hand. Plus, if you Out Of Commision Vader against HD, it’s pretty much an auto-win. In addition, it is an easily cycleable 5 destiny that I can play if I don’t have a reserve deck, and it puts stuff out of play, which is perfect against most Scum (I’m sorry, is Iggy out of play?) or Agents Of The Black Sun (there went Xizor). And finally, I KNOW GRABBERS EXIST Most people only run 1 or 2 grabbers, and if they grab OOC, it keeps them from grabbing the really important interuppts like On The Edge/Off The Edge and my recycling 6s that I need to convert Vader. 

2 Glancing Blows All my Obis have Sabers, so it is better than Courage for dueling (I have Courage also). Plus it can make Vader power 0 to help you win another battle. 

Bith Shuffle combo Screws up destiny tracking, cancels Barrier and is another high destiny interuppt. 

Sorry about The Mess combo This is the best battle interuppt known to man I want to add a third. Perfect for winning battles, elimating spies and bringing the beats in general. 

On The Edge/Off The Edge I track like mad, so why not? A little left over part of my WYS deck. These are 2 of the most broken cards in the game, and I can get about 10 force back with them every game at a minimum.

Harc Seff Damage Reduction at it’s finest. Perfect against Scum (yes he does work against Hutt Influence), and a perfect Shmoe for DB generation. 

No space Being able to hold your own in space for LS is hard for me. It involves a lot of added cards, and I still end up getting the crap kicked out of me in space by a dedicated space deck. Against weaker space decks, like HD that just plays Carida, I can handle 1 drain per turn. Against heavy space decks, I can dominate the ground, and it would be fairly useless to fight them anyway with only a few cards for space. I mean, I could add Home One, Haash’n and Ackbar, but I don’t forsee them doing a whole lot, and they cost a ton.

And now a quick match-up section
HD This deck has more HD hate than any deck I’ve ever seen. With 5 OOC/Trans Terms, chances are that you will get one first turn to cancel Visage. That will buy you some time until you get your duel cards. Don’t deploy Obi until you have at least 1 of them. Win some battles and convert Vader, or just throw him out of play, both work. This deck was semi-engineered to beat it, so it shouldn’t be too bad.

BHBM Heh heh, *insert Evil Grin here*. Take Vader to the Throne Room, and dare them to duel you. Or even better, Out Of Commission Vader and make them lose 3 per turn because of both objectives. Use your awesome teched out interuppts to win battles and retrieve. 

Scum You get awesome generation, so just bring the beats. Out Of Commision and Aim High rock in this game. Most aren’t ready for your cool interuppts. Snoova can be a problem, but try to barrier him. 

TIEs This is definately your roughest game. They probably won’t put Vader out, because it is easy to win battles since you will dominate the ground. Try to set up your retrieval loop and drains as fast as you can. If they play Battle Order, it will hurt them just as much as you. It’s tough, but you should be able to pull it off. 

Endor Ops Big drains will hurt, but you should be able to take over the ground, therefore bumping their drains down to normal. You can easily get around Perimeter Patrol with Docking Bays (deploy to the Home One DB and move to the Endor DB), and they will most likely be weaker on the ground, so use Order To Engage to put the hurt on them. You have the Back Door to get into the bunker, and Tunnel Visions to pull it out. This is probably your best chance at converting Vader, because they will most likely put him down, but you have the advantage on the ground. Save one of your 6 destiny cyclers until you can convert him for sure. 

I’m running short on time, so I’ll leave it at that. It’s pretty straight forward, and just play smart. 

Hope you like it





'