---
author: Geoff "Loaf" Gallo-Cornell
title: 'No Tatooine? No Problem!'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-01
description: 'this deck uses one, count em, one, tatooine card. if you have a sebulbas pod, that doesnt hurt, but currently i have it with the one tatooine card i own, and it wrecks shop.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

startin jizz
5th marker
prepd def
YMSYL (the one tat card itself!)
IAO
secret plans (or imp decree vs drainers)

locations:
hoth dbay
4th marker
3rd marker
war room x2

characters:
commander brandei (or admiral piett, i like the higher
destiny)
janus
dvdlots x2
commie igar
tarkin
ds614
ds613
ds612
cabbel
merrejk
lennox
evax

vehicles and one ship:
blizz scout 1
imp walker x6
blizz 2
tempest 1
executor

interrupts:
twilek x2
op as planned x2
alter
trample x5
garrison x4

effects:
Reponsibility of Command
much anger
imp decree (or secret plans, whatever you didnt start)
potf

kill ebo stuff:
at at cannons
blow up generators

7’s:
visage x2
mourful roar
hunting party
closed door x2



Strategy: 

-- update --
to adrock:
ok, several things. i trample jar jar because its funny. using sebulba isnt funny, smooshing him is. its a game, i play for fun.

also, i dont not play with tatooine, im just poor, like alot of people. im just trying to show you can make a good deck with cheapo cards like dvdlots x2, trample x5 and walker garrison x4 .. jeez

eldorian (sp)- ok, its not really dead, just around here i havent seen much of it other than home one and some times the super falcon. once in a while ill see a HB with that crappy power pivot and tripling stuff, but rarely.

-- end update --


Well, this deck uses one tatooine card, and its a $1 cheapo one at that. I traded a BB dagobah rare for mine, thanks Chu!


anyway, this deck works very well, and its pretty damn hard to get a bad hand. try it, make the deck, shuffle, draw 8. its a damn good hand everytime! gotta love big blue.

basically start the plains, grab the 3rd marker and a garrison before you activate, activate, drop em, get the dbay, twilek for something good if you can, or drop a walker to the plains for second turn direct damage. the draw. get your sites out, and get a walker with a pilot at each site, and if you can, the at-st out so you can react and get a BD all the time. the executor with a few pilots is just so damn good, but be careful of the WYS beats with power pivot and shizt-nit. once you get your stuff set up, put POTF on the plains, and suspend honor and hit them for 3 a turn from YMSYL and a whole lot with garrison. menace fades? screw it, you can usually get one good garrsion drain, or more before they get it out. ive played several different decks, and LS space is just about dead with this set for some reason, but whatever, the ex can work against them to suspend menace fades. the direct damage and the RoC/Anger damage are killer, and the garrison is just really nice to top it off. beat down on harc and corran when they come, cause you know its coming. trample everything, nuff said.

now why i picked the cards and why they kick ass

anti ebo cards - just because not being able to deploy to your own sites sucks.

7s - trample anyone. good destiny rules

potf- instant battleground!

Roc/Anger- sick 4 damage a turn and safe janus. use it on luke or obi and use janus or dvdlots to chase them. works like a charm.

imp decree- hell yeah!

garrison- dont make me beat you with a large blunt object

trample- see garrison

alter- goo bites, so does traffic control

op as planned- cycle cycle cycle

twilek- gets your combo faster

ex- its a beast!

walkers- see garrison

2/2 pilots- good with IAO, if thats not enough, see garrison

vader and tarkin- beat down crew if necessary. can hold a site or the war room for an extra drain of 3

brandei- better destiny than piett, less deploy than him and he gets a destiny on imp walkerrs

janus- cyclin fun

secret plans- its a b!tch and you know it

IAO- gets dbay, extra forfiet, stops nabrun, whats not to love?

YMSYL- its costs a dollar. it does direct damage. it gets a site and a garrsion. whats not to love?


ok, think activation is a problem? i usually get about 10-14 force in a game between me and oppent, and that gets 2 walkers and 2 pilots, works well.

matchups-

not sure what the new meta is, but..

profit racing- played this, beat this. racing is easy, oh no, i lose 6 force, now ill drain for 20. almost an auto win. RoC wins it. I love profit, but it gets crushed with the drains. its a close victory, but you usually pull it off.

QMC with broken effect- damn, that deck is good. damn, this deck is better. use the broken RoC combo and just drain. they usually dont go off of that little colony, and since they dont, just sit a some walkers at your sites, with the raping stick in hand, walker garrison, and let it loose. they can go ahead and do whatever they want on CC, but huge drains hurt, even controls and harc run out or get beat down eventually. oh yeah, trample stuff, thats always fun. 

Mains (with or without racing)- ah, the power of trample and 7s. im tempted to put in YCHF just to be able to crush qui gon, hes such a ho. just sit and drain. its no doubt that they will come to fight you on the ground, but tramples and high forfiet always pull it out.

jedi training- oh sh!t! umm, auto-loss. lol, no, not quite. you got made direct damage and drains of 3 or so, you can take them. like grace says, if you arent doing 3 or more, he wins. well, 6 is more than 3 isnt it? if they suck at getting test 1 up or something, 20 is more than 3, isnt it?

other decks- see mains (with or without racing)

what kills this deck? decks that play heavy space and their own site with lots to back it up to keep menace fades in effect. aka not qmc because the executor with a bunch of pilots at bespin hurts.

wait wait wait, hold up a minute. whyd i make this deck? one reason. TO TRAMPLE JAR JAR! who doesnt want to crunch his fuzzy loveably insides between the toes of your walker? i know i love to do it. dont forget, jar jar sucks vs people in walkers, and vader with destiny 7.

later
--Geoff ”Loaf” Gallo-Cornell    