---
layout: post
author: ! Jayke "Lord_vader20" Ball
title: ! "The Predator"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-06
description: ! "Sick of playing Court and MKOS? Well dig out those ships cause here come one Hell of a SYCFA Tie Interceptor deck."
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'STARTING
SYCFA
Death Star
DS Docking Bay
Alderan
Prepared defences
There is no Try/Oppresive Enforcement
Something Special Planned for them
Mobilzation Points

LOCATIONS
DS War Room
Endor
Kashyyyk
Wakeelmui
Sullust
Kessel

Charactors
Commander Merrrejk x2
Admiral Chiraneau x2
Vader w/ saber

Ships
Tie Interceptor x10
Chimaera
Boba Fett in SLave 1
Zukkus in Mist Hunter
Executor
Scyth Squad Tie x2
Visage

Interupts
Control x2
All power to Weapons x3
Imperial barrier
Masterful Move
Twilik Advisor
Ghhhk
Relentless Pursuit
I can’t Shake him x2
Tie Sentry Ships
Heavy Fire Zone

Effects
Come here you Big Coward
A bright Center to the Universe
Ablility, Ability, Ability
Hell 2 Pay
Seinar Fleet Systems x2

Weapons
SFS lrs9.3 Laser Cannons x4

Admiral Order
Fighter Cover '

Strategy: '

I have been wanted to make a deck like this ever since I saw the new intercepters. I have been getting sick of x-wings lately, now interceptors will kill them. They are all power +1 with an x-wing, making them power 4. I would add in a couple dreadnaughts, but I dont have any. They would make a decent addition to the deck along with dengar in ship. The intercepots also can fir weapons twice. The Cannons I chose can add to thier destinys just by using force. You can blow away 2 star fighters per tie that has a cannon. Combine that with the admirals order, and the tie is power 7 and can redraw thier weapon destiny. They are little bad @$$eS with big guns that just keep comming back with seinar.
I use Merrijk to search for the systems. Just set him on the death star, and search for your systems. Mob. points is there to either get Wekeelmui or executor, plus if merrijk is sitting on the death star, he might as well be activation +2 force for me I also have Admiral Chinerau in the deck. All my systems except wekelmui are within 2 parasects of eachother, so I will get a +1 Drain. I can drain for a max of 10, which also comes out very fast and can be lethal. Vader is there for a Camacazy attack with ghkkkk. He can run in, cut someone, and make them lose someone to attriton. Pretty nice. If you have to, you can put him in space for forfet.
Lets see some matchups

Hidden base You biggest enemy. You should be able to rule space by converting all of thier sytems. If they play x-wings, grab organized attack. Set up and your systems, and use zukkus to keep them running. If you battle, play your interupts, shoot some x-wings down.  They will get pissed when they have to use 2 forceper ship to run from your executor. You should be able to pull it off, you retrival will save you in the end.

Profit Drain Race. Send in vader for a smack in han’s face. You can out drain them because you will be retiving alot more than them.

AGENTS Another drain war. You may want to add in tattoine, so you can play Bright center on it to cancel drains. These deck ussually dont have much space, if they have any, kill it. Drain drain drain.

TIGIH Send vader to get luke. You shouldn’t lose alot of battles, so stacking cards shouldnt even happen. Retrive, battle any space, and drain to win. If they play eloms, get vader into space.

ANYTHING ELSE PLay normally and react to what opponent does.

Well there it is, have fun with it.
PLEASE REVIEW THANKS

-JB

'