---
layout: post
author: Matthew "Captainsolo" Mohl
title: 'Black Sun Racing The Saga Continues'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-09-18
description: ! 'I have Played many moderations of this deck, finally with mroe cards i have been able to make the best copy yet.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (9)
Agents of the Black Sun/ VOTDP
Coruscant
Coruscant Imperial City
Prince Xizor
Tatooine Podrace Arena
Boonta Eve Podrace
Sebulbas Podracer
Start Your Engines

Starting Effect Wattos Box

Locations (4)
Death Star
Dagobah Cave
Blockade Flagship Bridge
Kessel

Characters (16)
Emperor Palpatine x 4
Guri x 2
Vigo x 2 
4 Lom with Concussion Rifle x 2
Prince Xizor
IG88 with Riot Gun
Dengar with Blaster Carbine
Aurra Sing
P-59
P-60

Starships (4)
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter 
Bossk in Houds Tooth
Boba Fett in Slave 1 
Dengar in Punishing 1

Interrupts(20)
Podracer Collision x 4
We Must Accelrate our Plans x 3
Elis Helrot x 2
Force Lightning 
Oh Switch Off
Tarkins Orders
Neimodian Advisor
Ghhk & Those Rebels wont escape us
Evader and Monnok
Masterful Move and Endor Occupation
Young Fool
Sniper & Dark Strike
Control and Set for Stun
Imperial Barrier

Effects (7)
Presence of the Force
Allegations of Corruption
Come Here You Big Coward
There is no Try Oppresive Enforcement
No Escape
Lateral Damage
Secret Plans

'

Strategy: '

Greetings All,
This is a new version of the Deck. After much careful tweaking and testing it has gone back to the style of force choke aswell as racing. Against the new and old decks it is coming very positive. Wit the new blockde twix that is searchable it makes activation easier.The neimodian advisor to get kessel out. 

So heres how you should play 
Early Game 
You start the game with a total of 5 Force Plus what ever you opponents gives you. Initiate the Race and Use your 2 force to flare your opponent; Anakin and hopefully draw a 4,5,6. As there are 26 4,5,6 in this deck the destiny draws you get are awesome. 
You can Presence of the Force Imperial City for an Early Flip or its best to deploy characters to the city for protection and then use POTF or Elis Helrot to another site. Hopefully, you will either draw a twix or  Neimodian Advisor to deploy kessel. Use your Podracer Collisions Early so that your opponent is kept low. If you are winning the race easily and your opponent doesnt look like he is a dedicated racer, dont bother getting race interrupts out and start getting ur effects out.

Mid Game 
You should hopefully coming in towards the end of the race, and hopefully you either have a We Must Accelerate our plans or Podracer Collision spare just in case of problems. Hopefully with the objective flipped, you will have taken all your twix sites out. After you win the Race, retreieve your cards and if your oppoent decides to It Could Be worse the Damage, play Tarkins Orders to cancel it. AS most players use it could be worse and Its a Hit in order to stop podrace damage, i choose to not use its worse as it can be cancelled.

Late Game 
Shoud be easy once the race is over, drain and ping him to death, the 22 force swing usually hurts too much.

Cards worth Noting 
As you can see Kessel and the Podrace Arena are the only battlegrounds. With the rest being twixies you will have the ability to come to where your opponent is and tackle him.
If there is a shortage of Battlegrounds, stockpile your army at the battlegrounds, and with CHYBC, he wont be draining at your sites or retrieving which will shut down.


Match Ups 
Quiet Mining Colony Excellent match up, Invade QMC with your Armies, Cancel Celebration with Masterful Move/ Endor Occupation, Dont goto Bespin to fight if a huge fleet is there, just cancel the celebration and goto kessel. Quite an Easy Match up 
EBO 
Dont Go to Hoth 
Set up at your sites early, monnok at the righ time, when battle use your set for stun for a big beatdown, dont put death star down. not easy But who plays this anymore.

Rebel Strike Team 
Get in Early to Endor and Use your bounty hunters to get Crix Madine Early. Once madine has been killed getting scouts is not easy. use your elis helrot for big beatdowns, if Insurrection on table, send a fleet of droids to battle luke and Oh switch off.

Profit 
Put Aurra And Dengar Down at the AC, you have to get the emperor and other characters ASAP. IF you dont hopefully you will get your GHHK or Barriers to stop him. Not Easy.

The Hyperdrive Deck,
HAHAHHA, well stockpile forces at the Junkyard, kill all the characters that come down and enjoy the match, if insurrection not used elis is deadly.

WYS IF it Watch Ur Step racing start the Grabber instead, Invade Cantina and Replace his kessel, then set for stun and hopefully no escape it back and beatdown at kessel or anyone. Set for Stun is golden as these smugglers have low abiltiy. Grab Control/TV or ASB

Well thats the decks that i have come up against lately, if you can think of anymore feel free to email me at matthew_mohl@hotmail.com, any comments or ideas please feel free to contact me. 
thanks 
Matthew Mohl 
'