---
layout: post
author: ! Stephen "Texan" Beckham
title: ! "AITC Speeders & H’nemthes"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-08
description: ! "This is what I have been working on to take care of scum and Hunt Down"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

' 
Starting (8)
Agents in the Court/No Love for the Empire
Tatooine Hutt Trade Route
Tatooine Jabba&#8217;s Palace
Yarna d&#8217;al&#8217; Gargon
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Staging Areas
Insurrection
Wise Advise/Do or Do Not

Locations (5)
Home One Docking Bay
Jabba&#8217;s Palace Entrance Cavern
Tatooine Docking Bay
Endor Docking Bay
Endor Back Door

Characters (14)
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x 2
Leia with Blaster Rifle x 2
Captain Han Solo x 2
H&#8217;nemthe x 7
Tawss Khaa

Starships (2)
Millennium Falcon x 2

Vehicles (12)
Snowspeeder x 4
Sandspeeder x 4
Rebel Snowspeeder x 4

Effects (7)
Incom Corporation
Bacta Tank
Maneuvering Flaps
Bo Shuda
Draw their Fire
Order to Engage
Bargaining Table

Interrupts (11)
Signal x 2
Fallen Portal x 3
Out of Commission/Transmission Terminated x 3
Weapon Levitation
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes
Run, Luke, Run

Weapons (1)
Lukes Lightsaber
'

Strategy: '

Responces
I think I would use Rebel Snowspeeders only.  I only own four of each of them.  If I had twelve Rebel Speeders I would go with them.  Space would be problem, but be safe.  You dotn ahve to do anything if you dont want to.  Superfalcon is in there for the quick beat downt ath might help you out real fast.  Use your Bargaining Table to help it out.

Okay before you go ranting and raving about the entrance cavern let me explain it.  For some reason I used to thing Fallen Portal worked there because there is a big door and I thought I would work perfect.  Well I stuck it in there and quickly found out it didnt work.  So I was SOL.  But, the Force Drain or two while only giving up one wasnt so bad either so it has never gone away really.  Some of my non-interactive friends love to do things on Hoth like Death Mark or Responsibily of command.  For this I just throw in Hoth DOcking Bay.  The extra drain site works well most of the time though/

This is the deck I have been stirring up for the up coming big events.  Pretty decent deck that will counter most of today popular strategies.  The basic idea is just the quick speeder beat down that we all have grown to love.  Why the Agents platform?  Well, it works really nice to know that I can start with Yarna and the Wise Advise combo to keep it around.  This deck is mainly just out there to deploy sites fast and spread and beat down where you can.  This deck is missing some of the more popular cards people want in decks in favor of cards that will more directly benefit my deck.  Start off the game by showing Tawss as your rep.  First turn, deploy the Home One docking bay from reserve and second turn you will deploy the Tatooine docking bay.  This way Jedi Luke deploys cheaper and can still get to where he needs to be.  Fallen portals will be god cards in this deck since it works at all your sites except your starting sites.  If the game progresses and you find that your opponent is staying on Tatooine, you have to stay at the palace and the Trade Rout to keep from getting burned by force draining.  Don’t be scared to throw away the Back Door if you are having to face a swarm.  Signal fast for Incom and Bargaining Table if you are facing space.  This will save your butt pretty good.  The three OOC/TT are because I hate Visage.  Every good Hunt Down carries three Visages so this will take care of them all.  Try to TT the Visage before a battle and use DTF to retrieve the card.  That is a beauty of an action.  The H’nemthes will save your butt against a good Imperial barrage.  Now to answer some questions.

Next Five Cards to Be Put In
Grabber
Second Incom Corporation
Lando with Vibro Ax
Corran Horn
Another Nar Shadda or another Grabber

Only one Incom Corporation?  Yeah, well I stick it on the Home One docking bay.  I know that does not make is perfect, but with a beefed up Speeder with a H’menthe you will hold your own and if they cancel it, good for them.  I really want to get another in though.  Bacta tank is way to useful for me, so if you have suggestions on another card to take out for it let me know.

Why the lone Super Falcon in Space?  Where is Home One?  Well Home One is in my EBO Deck J.  I use the Super Falcon mainly as a surprise factor.  Just to drop on a couple of suspecting TIES and beat the hell outta them.  Three destinies will tear them up if you track.  All your interrupts are recyclable for this reason.

Why no grabbers?  No room. Would love to have them, but cannot find the room.

Why Run, Luke, Run?  Well my whole deck has one Jedi in it.  This is not cool against Hunt Down but I did it purposely.  Without Ben, I do not have to worry about having him dueled and losing tons of force.  That would suck.  With this Luke, if I do not have Run, Luke, Run I am in trouble but I am in better of a situation than if I had Ben.  This will hopefully cancel an Obsession long enough for me to stick Luke in a speeder and run away from Terminating the Visage.

Now for matchups
VS Court
This will be a truly nice matchup.  They cannot capture anything really since you are in speeders.  That kinda sucks if they wanted to flip.  Stick Bo Shuda on the Chamber and put a H’nemthe or Tawss there to take care of that.  If they sniper you, stick another victim there.  DTF may not be your friend if they are doing the projective telepathy thing so be carefull about it.  Use Bargaining table to cancel any massive in door drains.  Fallen Portal tends to wreck these decks if they are not careful
VS MKOS
Swarms are nasty.  Stay inside the speeders the best you can and lure them to the docking bays.  Protect your starting sites since you will be out drained if they take them.  They will grab your Nar Shadda so save it the best you can for some retrieval.  Projective sucks, but not much you can do but hold onto your DTF.  They will grab your OOC/TT so use them at the right time to make key characters out of play like Bib or so.
VS BHBM
This game should be real fun.  They lose to their own objective which must suck very bad.  It is a good objective granted but not a preferred by me.  Jedi Luke will be very hard to turn.  You activate enough on average to get good drains off and pay Battle Order.  Luke will be gone which sucks.  I really want Lando so I have that spy, but since I do not own one I have learned to get by.  If you know another good rep that is a spy besides Tanus please let me know.  Anyways, your anti-sac hurts this deck tremendously.  IF you can drop on the almighty Vader and take Luke back, be all means do it.
VS Hunt Down
Well, you are not giving them much to work with.  Vader cannot duel Luke if he is in a speeder if I am correct.  Use DTF to keep pulling your OCC/TT back into hand after using them.  Keeping Visage off the table is key to winning.  Search and destroy will not cause you a problem either.  If it is a battling Hunt Down you may have problems.  H’nemthes will slow them down some what.  Goo would be great in this matchup too.  Match up their drains the best you can.  Neither of you can really retrieve anything so it should be a good game where bad decisions will make the difference.
VS TIES
Well drain on ground for all you can.  There is so many places to cover that they cannont get them all with U-3PO and Arica.  They Bunker and Entrance will probably go bye bye but oh well, cannot win them all I guess ;-).  Drop the super falcon mid to late game on some un suspecting TIES.  Use your table to block drains where you can.  That will be very important.
'