---
layout: post
author: Chris "Jedi Taboos" Praskac
title: 'DPC winning Light Deck'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-26
description: ! 'One day Hayes Hunter & I were talking on AIM about How Did We Get Into This Mess and the power of pulling Artoo.  Little did we know what would become of that conversation.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations(10)
HothEcho Command Center (start)
Rendevous Point
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room
Yavin 4 Massassi Headquarters
Home One War Room
Tattoine Lars’ Moisture Farm
Hoth Main Power Generators
Hoth North Ridge
Hoth Defensive Perimeter 

Characters(18)
Han w/ Gun x2
Leia w/ Gun
Artoo & Threepio x2
Owen Lars & Beru Lars x2
Luke w/ Saber x3
Obi w/ Saber x3
Oola 
Lando w/ Ax
Corran Horn
Tawss Khass
Melas

Effects(11)
Seeking An Audience (start)
Draw Their Fire
Battle Plan
Your Insight Serves You Well
Aim High
Frozen Assests
Ounee Ta
Goo Nee Tay
Civil Disorder
Honor of the Jedi
Bacta Tank

Interrupts(21)
How Did We Get Into This Mess x7
I Have A Really Bad Feeling About This
I Have A Bad Feeling About This
The Signal (START)
Shocking Information & Grimtash
Out of Commission & Transmission Terminated x3
The Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach x2
Harvest x2
Houjx & Out of Nowhere
Sorry About The Mess & Blaster Proficiency
Clash of Sabers



'

Strategy: '

Ok first off the title of the deck is in reference to a track of the Jerkey Boys that we listened to on the drive to Normal.  I’ll be making a full audio report for everyone to hear so keep an ear open for it.  If you haven’t already check out Tj’s Interview under tournament reports.  If you want to here something hilarious go to www.erols.com/jeditaboos and check out SLOTH INTERVIEWS GABE, it’s funny as hell.  

Secondly I’d like to thank Hayes Hunter for his 3 hour conversation a month ago over AIM that inspired me to make the deck

Thirdly thanks to the Twiggs who helped me tech out the correct character selection for the deck cause Rebel Scout Luke blows.  

Fourthly, props goes out to Dan Bordier for volunterring his car cause I don’t know how we would of gotten there if he hadn’t.  Greg Hodur, for dropping out of the pre day touney and getting us a room next to the Canadiens.  Also thanks to Dom for his pig that has no name, and letting me ganks his 3 messes (I still have one of them).  To Yannik for letting me borrow his defensive perimeter & 4 Jap messes.  The other candian guys who followed us home (more to come about that in audio). To Steven Lewis for giving me his last slice of pizza. And of course Tj Holman for whipping everyone’s @#$% in Normal and winning the cash, proving once again that ratings mean nothing.  

If you think Tj & I were playtesting this deck for months you are wrong.  We tried everything from Jedi Testing to Speeder Inserts.  We were going to play Throne Room mains until about 4AM the day of the tourney and Tj wakes me up and asks me if I have the Mess deck on the laptop.  You all know what happened next.

---RATING DECK--------------------------

Before anyone rates this deck bad because it’s missing something listen

NO SAC protection because didn’t see any in pre day tourney.

NO SHIPS because LATERAL DAMAGE, DENGAR in SHIP, Grand Admiral Thraw, Imperial Command, etc.  (or just ask Clint & Lewis about it).

No dueling protection cause Hunt Down decks were far and few between.  People in the MID-West play some wierd crap.

---STRATEGY-----------------------------

The reason for certain cards

Why Artoo & Threepio? Lets you pull bad feeling cards to drop down with messes.  

Why Bad Feeling Cards (look above) and the dagobah bad feeling card is so good.  I retargetted a PRESENCE for a beat down at a DB & moves elis to Hoth instead on Lar’s Farm.

Why main power generators?  Well it keeps you Artoo & Threepio safe, great place for Oola, and the defensive perimeter rules against Scum Decks.  

Why not more Harvest?  Any good player knows how Harvest works.  You can retrieve the Harvest each time it’s played. 

 End of reason for cards

1st turn you pull Artoo & Threepio to Command Center if you have a mess in hand.  If you don’t draw until you do.  

You then deploy Twix’s.  Play it as a mains & toys deck.  You don’t need Beru at the farm all the time.  Only deploy them when the time is right.  Early game deployment of them is asking for a beating.  If they grab your mess & you got plenty of activation then don’t play them anymore.  If they grab it 1st turn keep playing them until activation is good.  

Against TIE set up your drains by searching deck with messes.  Take there Presence of the Force with Bad Feeling card.  Harvest them as much as possible.  AIM High w/ Battle Plan will force them to only do one or the other.

Against BHBM if you can get Honor out do it.  Deploying Luke from Lost Pile is huge for a beatdown but eventually give them Luke to start hitting thier life force (like 4th or 5th turn).    

Against HUNT DOWN the OCC/TT are easy to find.  If they are dueling the only protection is shuffleing there deck but this deck force chokes so with GOO NEE TAY out you can keep beating on them.

Against SCUM Hit & Run it.  Get out Draw Thier Fire, Battle Plan, & Tank. Put oola under shields and get Civil Disorder out.  

-If there are other popular decks in your area not spoken of here then tech the deck to your liking.  Add courage, SAC PROTECTION, or Yozgit & a landing claw.  See ya later

                -Chris Praskac (Ghetto 7)

'