---
layout: post
author: ! Steve "BlackViper" Marshall
title: ! "Hey, That’s Not Hidden Mains..."
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-05-08
description: ! 'Hidden Base with uniques and Kessel Runs.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'START (7)
Hidden Base
Rend Point
Marker
Heading
Insurrection
Squadron Assignments
Wise Advice & Do Or Do Not

CHARACTERS (17)
Dash
Leebo
Wedge, RSL
Cappy Han
Boushh
Blount
Jek Porkins
RFC x 2
Melas
BoShek
Mirax
Pilot Luke
Luke, JK x 2
EPP Obi
EPP Leia

STARSHIPS (8)
Outrider
Redemption
Red Squadron 1
Pulsar Skate
Red 6
Falcon
Tala 2
Artoo In Red5

LOCATIONS (7)
Coruscant
Kessel
Raltiir
Kiffex
Tibrin
Kirdo III
 Desert

INT (8)
Noble Sac
Houjix
Grimtaash & Shocking
Rapid Fire
Signal x 2
OOC & TT x 2

WEAPONS (2)
Luke Stick
X-Wing Cannons

FX (11)
Aim High
Traffic Control
Bacta
Kessel Run x 3
Numbers
Sandwhirl
Catch
Legendary Starfighter
Honor Of The Jedi
'

Strategy: '

Okay, this is my last Light deck before Tatooine, I think. I hope. I got bored with WYS because it isn’t any fun anymore. It wins, but it’s not fun. I tried Obi’s Hut Mains and it didn’t work exactly right, Hidden Mains didn’t do it for me, and MWYHL fakeout mains didn’t do what I wanted. So I decided to make Hidden Base flip this time, hopefully taking some local meta by surprise. Unless they’re reading this, of course...

As for planet choices, I’m not set in stone with these.
* Kessel is for the drain and the retrieval.
* Raltiir is to allow Raltiir Freighter Captains to get their destiny and double the retrieval. Also, we’ve got a couple local players who still enjoy RalOps, so I want it to be a battleground.
* Tibrin is just awesome (exchange 3 cards for 1 - I’ve got 7 in the Lost Pile, I’ll exchange 3 for a Kessel Run, retrieve it all, and increase my dif).
* Kirdo III lets me pull my desert for a drain of 1 (or 2 with Luke’s Saber), then when Vader comes down to put an end to it all, I can also pull the Sandwhirl and it’s almost as cool as Out Of Commission.
* Kiffex and Coruscant are solely for the drain potential. Because of the lack of any other reason, I’m thinking of changing Coruscant for Kashyyyk (ability 6 to draw) and Coruscant for Endor and use Strike Planning to decrease their activation. I’d appreciate advice on this one.

Rapid Fire - what does that card do? I had to ask the same question. I love using cards like that. ;-) You’re initiating with Zuckuss against my Outrider? Okay, I’ll deploy an X-Wing cannon from my reserve deck and blow you out of the sky. It basically gives me 2 guns, and it’s a circulating 5.
Red 6 is a destiny 6 ship. ’nough said.
Noble Sac is ALWAYS a beating - especially with forfeit +2 pilots using Insurrection.
The new Wedge is better since I use 2 Red pilots, allowing him to cancel destinies.
No Admiral’s Orders - no room. I’d really like to add I’ll Take The Leader, and I’m sure I’ll fit it in somehow.
Leebo - direct damage with Kessel Runs
Blount is purely anti-Shaner. It’s a local thing. Trust me. ;-)
Luke selections - It’s space, so I need farmboy. If I need him on the ground, he can get there. If not, I’ve got a pair of destiny 6 cards in the deck.
Remember that if you put BoShek on the ground, he’s immune < 3
Houjix - just in case.
Aim High is killer for the final non-unique alien push that people will be using.
Shocking Info & Grimtaash - Shaner uses Outer Rim Scouts. Jared uses TIEs. Dunn uses TIEs. Girard uses Miyoom. Swarms happen. I have won many games with this one.
Boushh AND EPP Leia? Yeah, I use them both. It depends on the situation - EPP Leia boosts the Super Falcon and gives me that ability 7 (with Cappy Han), but Boushh is that infamous undercover spy every space deck needs.
Redemption - Because with the Bacta Tank out, this is tech. Sure, I’ll dump Jedi Luke into the tank. No worries.
Odds - Because you never know. I can easily get my destiny characters on the table and pull it out for a nice Force loss.

This deck is still under construction, but I wanted to get some advice with it before Tatooine is released. I’ll probably revert back to Profit when that happens, so I want this out of my system now. ;-)

MATCHUPS

Hunt Down - one of the craziest matchups there is. It depends on who gets the better starting hand. If you can get your systems out for a quick flip, you should be okay. An early Kessel Run (whether you’ve got the lost Force to retrieve or not) is nice to let Leebo get going, but don’t get carried away. Their mains will easily take yours and Visage + Search And Destroy hurts, but if you can get the early hurt on them and drop your Jedi at the Kirdo desert, you should be okay. Their space will probably only  have 4 ships, so take them out with hate nad count the losses. You NEED space late game to win this one.

TIEs - start Aim High instead of Insurrection. Take early control of Wakeelmui with your spy pilots or move over to make their deploy really harsh. Catch All Power of course, and Wedge, Dash, and Houjix will be your friend. Do NOT let them take control of Kessel from you, as you’ll need to make up for his mad retrieval.

Dark Sun - Get Honor out ASAP, and he probably won’t have the battlegrounds to stop it. No Escape won’t hurt too much, either. Drop Luke to the desert, catch Hidden Weapons, Houjix the insane battle damage if any remains, and Sandwhirl all the bounty hunters together in a nice, neat package. Drain in space and cancel his, and the direct damage will be all he can deliver to you. SAVE A FORCE for First Strike when using Houjix, even if it’s not on the table at the time You MUST be prepared for that one.

ISB Space - don’t be stupid. Know that his pure space force is stronger than your pure space force - that’s why you’ve got surprises. X-Wing cannons are your friend, and Grimtaash his Scouts away. If you know you’re opponent, you’ll know when it’s the right time. You need Aim High to increase his costs, Blount gets parked at Coruscant (with an army backing him up), and I can almost guaruntee that Noble Sac will be a game winner every time.

I hope you have fun with this deck. I wanted a deck that can win and is also fun to play with. Thanks for reading, and I appreciate your constructive reviews in advance.

-Steve '