---
layout: post
author: ! Zach "spirajira" Cute
title: ! "spirajirasOMDH anti scum"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-02
description: ! "i used to play an OMDH similar to cmdcorranH’s, and it worked fairly well; but, scum is just so huge and my area and that OMDH wasnt getting it done for me, so i decided to build a deck specifically made to man-handle scum.  but it doesnt stop at scu"
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'starters(7)
Hidden base/SWSTYF
hidden base indicator(dont matter)
rendezvous point
heading for the medical frigate
staging areas
insurrection
squadron assignments

locations(6)
tatoonie
alderaan
tatooniedocking bay
tatooniecantina
jabbas palaceaudience chamber
spaceport docking bay

characters(21)
luke skywalker,JK
EPP luke x2
ben kenobi
EPP ben x2(would use bens if i had them)
EPP leia x2
chewie protector
corran horn
wedge antilles,RSL
tycho celchu
cappy han x2
JPSD lando x2
oola
melas
harc seff
dash rendar
tawss khaa

starships(5)
millenium falcon x2
red squad 1 
green squad 3
outrider

effects(9)
bo shuda
OMDH x3
order to engage
bacta tank
honor of the jedi
battle plan
do, or do not/wise advice

interrupts(9)
fallen portal x2
you will take me to jabba now x2
the signal x2
glancing blow
courage of a skywalker

others(3)
ill take the leader x2
worrt '

Strategy: '

************update***********
it is suposed to be 3 signals instead of 2 to make it a 60 card deck.  as for harc seff, i didnt know that, sorry.  and is i said before, this is a meta deck so indicator DOESNT matter cause no one plays sycfa.  i only need worrt there long enough to kill jabba and galid if that, and they dont stack at the AC if they have none shall passes, so i am not worried about bounty hunters with gun.  and if they do kill him, so freaking what, i take no battle damage.  and if they DO want to keep jabba and galid or whoever there they have to lose 3 force a turn.  and if they sniper my harc, i drop a new alien there, no biggy at all.  and if they get rid of my order to engage with point man, then i retrieve it with OMDH and pull it back out with the signal.  and by the time they get rid of my order to engage, who will be there that has any useful game text?  jabba and galid are gone, and if they play 2, then they have to move out or lose when you get your order to engage back out.  so you see, every worst case scenario you gave me has been delt with.  yes this does have weakness to hunt down, DUH I ALREADY SAID THAT YOU IDIOTS.
*****************************
CARD BY CARD 
insurrection to get my d/b’s out and to stop elis cause most scum decks play it (especially court) 

staging areasto get some activation 

Luke,JK BHBM protection 

ben kenobi best character in the game for tatoonie, read his text 

corran horn spy, breaks arica’s cover, when with wedge they can cancel a destiny 

tycho spy, can cancel a destiny with wedge 

wedge,RSL can cancel a destiny with a red or rouge pilot 

Oola awesome card, can show you opponents hand and you can see if the have imperial barriers or none shall passes. That alone would be sweet cause it tells you when the good time to attack is. But even after that, you throw all their male unique characters out of their hand, great for early game. 

harc seff sweet in A chamber cause you can use force to stop their drains nearby 

bo shuda gives your aliens protection if your not expecting imperials 

OMDH massive retrieval 

Order to engageu can swarm them and make them lose force or battle at the wrong time 

you will take me to jabba now gets your aliens out. Also, if you are worried about none shall pass, deploy a rebel to a different site and move them to jabbas site 

worrt let me just read you his text now and I will tell you mad tech against scum involving him later does not attack your characters. When at a tatoonie site, prevents opponent’s characters present from using their land speed. 

STRATEGY 
well, as I said before, I used to play an OMDH hidden mains platform; and I liked it, it was good. But it just wasn’t talking care of scum, which is huge in my area. im thinkin,(ya, I know thinning for me is rare) im going to play a scum deck probably 2 out of the three games for my light side in a tournament. So why not go hard on scum and make sure I win those 2 games, and then let my retrieval/drains/mains take care of the third. And that’s exactly what I did for this deck. but its a whole lot of meta, so if you are going to make it, then you will probably have to make a bunch of meta changes for yourself. anywase, lets get to that strategy. So I usually set up like this activate, deploy the tatoonie docking bay from your reserve deck, deploy tatoonie from your reserve deck, then since you usually only get 3-5 force, i usually draw up. Next turn, deploy your system and docking bay, and then get some characters to your docking bays to get some activation going. After that, start stacking the space at tatoonie, and your rebel mains at the d/b’s, and your aliens in JP. after you have all that set up, you should be draining for 7 or so, which isn’t a lot, but this isn’t a draining deck; and you should also have your retrieval set up with omdh. 

MATCHUPS 
BHBM give them Luke, JK as soon as they put out a Vader, but not before. After that, they most likely wont win 4-5 games unless they are one great player. And you will probably be draining for more and retrieving a bunch, so this should be a pretty easy game. 

MKOS this deck and court are where the ”mad tech” comes in. this mad tech works best with certain cards, but can be pulled off with variations. the cards included in this are order to engage, bo shuda, harc seff, worrt; and by reading those, you probably already know how it works. Deploy order to engage, deploy worrt to the A chamber, deploy harc seff to the A chamber, and deploy bo shuda on the A chamber. this will make them lose 3 force a turn to order to engage until worrt eats everyone there because worrt also stops their characters from moving away. so basically this gets rid of scum and villainy, moves their rep out of the chamber making their species weak, moves galid out reducing their drains, and also with harc there, you can pay a few force to shut down their force drains at adjacent sites. and you can get harc or another alien out with you will take me to jabba now, you can get bo shuda out with the A chamber’s game text, and order to engage out with a signal. You can’t pull worrt, but this still works without him. 

COURT pretty much the same; just tighten up your space since they can deploy starships from reserve. 

HUNT DOWN I’ll be honest, this deck has a good chance of losing by a little to hunt down just cause you cant deploy your <> d/b(at least I don’t) cause they play no escape, and if its dueling, I don’t deploy my Luke’s or obi’s until I get my anti dueling cards in my hand or tracked. But I usually split with hunt down, I win half and it wins half. 

Well that’s it, that’s what my Meta is, I don’t know many other decks than that. Thank you for reading and I hope you like it cause it does work(not like that crappy RTP mains, that sucked, don’t make that one). -spirajira
'