---
layout: post
author: ! Brian "twigg" Terwilliger
title: ! "Twigg’s Hunt Down Suprise"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-08
description: ! "My version of Hunt Down Duel with the messy inserts and causes the opponent Damagae, damage, damage.  Original Idea goes to S.Lewis and how to cook a chevin..."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting 9
Hunt Down and @#$% slap the jedi
Epic Duel
Executor Holo
Ececutor Place to think (med chamber)
The only playable dark destiny 7
Prepared Defenses
IAO
Mobilization Points
Crush the Rebellion

Guys 9
Lord Vader x5
Empy Palpatine x2
Terok Mor x2

Blue 6
Blizzard 2
Tempest 1
Zuckass in Mist Hunter
Bosk in Bus
Boba in Bubble
Executor

Destiny 0’s (locations) 4
Execurot DB
Death DB
CC DB
Caridia

Weapons 2
Darth Vader’s Dueling Toy x2

Red Cards 30
Circle is Now Complete x2
Vaders Obsession x2
Focused Attack
Reactor Terminal
Twilek Advisor x2
Visage of the Emperoror x2
Trample
Presensce of the Force x2
Operational As Planned
I have you know
Evader
Surprise Assault x2
Control x3
Res Luk R’arf
No Escape
Weapon Levitate
Put All Sections On Alert
3720 to 1 x2
Masterful Move
Battle Order
Come here you big Coward
Secret Plans '

Strategy: '

This deck, as i Said earlier is my version based on S.Lewis’ Cooking a Chevin... This deck is pimpn so Well get to some strategy.

This deck lures the oppoenent to dump Insights to  grab honor, and then make them pay for it.  Now I know what your saying, if they leave it there this deck looses.   Wrong.  The high destinies are what make this deck so versatile.  The secret is on some of the cards I play and their use with high destinies makes em gross



Trample - track a 6 or 7 and squash the jedi, or anybody for that matter

Presensce of the Force- gives u bigger drains at the db’s

Operational As Planned- sets up dueling destinies

I have you know- when they come to the emperor, make them pay

Evader- b/c i hate a deck playing 1 or 2 revo’s

Surprise Assault x2- this card wins games.  Agaisnt speeders, ops, xwings.  Once the destinies are set this card provides beats.

Control- you win the sac war
Res Luk R’arf- Bosk gets 3 destinies and boba gets 2.  Track destinies and kiss the super falcon good bye (tek from scott lingrel)

No Escape- allows you to correct a mistake.  Did you loose off the top and shouldnt have?  Or did they trand visage?  Drop this get a card back and oh ya, canels honor

Weapon Levitate- get vaders stick and take away obi’s or lukes

Put All Sections On Alert- allows the emperor to sit pretty at the ds and not worry about too much

Battle Order- crunch time on decks like profit and chadra fahns and speeders

Come here you big Coward- invade the executor and pay

Secret Plans- i hate retrieval


*********


Ok so thats the what the cards do.  The strategy is simple but this deck takes alot ot patience to play.  It has only lost once (12-1) and thats because my brother is tek.

The deck plays such as this.  Get all your locations out.  Hold caridia if you are gonna need battle order to win. (get your ships there first).  Get vader out and pressure them with visage.	In the mean time get out Reactor terminal and set up destinies.  You should always be ready to duel.  When the opportunity come to surpise assault and your destines are good, do it	But i must say waiting is better for them to pile, lets say 8 ships at endor (sorry chu, nothing but love ;-).  Your destinies will win in the masses. Ok now for matchups...

Profit - Duel their guys away and insert.  the easiest game possible...

X wings- lure them to loose Insights, drop no escape. Insert.  Let visage hurt them and kill their spies.  Also surprise assault when necessary

Mains in Space - Res Luk Rauf their falcon and no esacpe for the card back.  Also Flipped Hunt down hurts.  Await their mains and duel

New Age throne room - Home 1 db is their haven b/c you cant move there.  So drop pof to make it a bg, pick up vader and follow where ever they go (with crush out you can loose a force to cancel clash which cancels pof)  Follow, and duel.  Visage will take them down.  Insert should also crush them.

Ebo- set up fast and insert... good game.

This deck is really tek and intricate.	Any questions dmail me  And remember, nothing is cooler than dueling the oppoenent and having the insert pop upon the dueling damage = 23 damage = ouch

laaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaate
'