---
layout: post
author: chris "Putz" burnett
title: 'Ralops Just Wont Die'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-08-29
description: ! 'please review it with all you meanness i need to know what to do to it before a tournie'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (6)
Ralops
Ralltir 
Prepared defences 
you Can Not Hide Forever 
There is no try & Oppressive Enforcement 
Imperial Arrest Order 

Locations (7) 
Death Star 
Dagobah Cave 
blockade Flagship Bridge 
Forest 
Jungle 
SpacePort Docking Bay 
Swamp 

Characters (17) 
Darth Maul x2 
DVDLOTS 
EPP Vader 
Emperor Palpatine 
Janus Greejatus 
Aurra Sing 
Mosep 
Guri 
4-Lom w/gun 
Biker Scout Trooper x2 
Sergant Elsek 
Sergant Irol 
Sergant Barich 
Corporal Avarik 
Corporal Drelosyn 

StarShips (6) 
Boba in ship 
Bossk in ship 
Zuckuss in ship 
Dengar in ship 
Maul’s Ship 
Guri’s ship 

Vehicles (5) 
Tenpest scout 6 
Tempest scout 5 
speadder bike x3 

Interrupts (12) 
Twilek Advisor
Monnok x2 
Projective Telepathy x2 
High-speed Tactics 2
Masterful Move & Endor Occupation 
Masterful Move 
Ommni Box & It’s Worse 
Ghhhk 
Hutt Smooch 

Effects (7)
Security Precautions 
There Be  to Pay x2 
Establish Control 
Search and Destroy 
Overseeing It Personally 
First Strike '

Strategy: '

First off activate your 2 plus deploy a site  ralltiir (forest mainly) and the docking bay using imperial arrest order and any twix or trippler sites in your hand and most likey say go to your opponent. second turn activate all you can and drop the jungle next to the docking bay on the other side so your sites go forest, docking bay, jungle. Get thoughs 3 sites under your control. Once you Flip get your twix sites and death star to get better activation and your battle destiny will be plus 3-5.

Why no tramples and more at-st’s
i simply don’t have the tramples and don’t feel like trading for them.

Why Establish control
adds 2 to the drain at my adjacent non-docking bay sites.

Why high speed tactics
i hate raiders in crafts

Why My twix sites and death star
more activation for me and and none for my opponent and i can pull them w/my objective

Against Hidden base
before activation Ditch YCHF and grab Security Precautions. Set up your characters on ralltiir and . Probe like crazy and try to keep your ships alive. Remember, wherever you have a probe card you take no damage because of Security Precautions. Find their Hidden Base (Probe with High destiny cards in your hand so they can go back when you find the Hidden Base). Eventually you should take control of the game by draining on the ground and the damage by Security Precautions.

Against RST
Stick to your game plan and hope they keep to theres cause you will be able to do more damage to them at the start of the game then they can to you and this will most likely give you the game if you can keep it up and keep it as thick.

Against WYS 
Very easy. Monnok them until they wet themselves because nowadays it is podracing and you can make them lose A BUNCH of interrupts. Cancel Celebration with Endor Occupation. Make them believe you have no ships and put an all out beatdown on them. 

Against EBO 
This should be a fairly easy game. Keep their ships under control and drain at your sites and kill any of the characters that they bring at you. Monnok will kill the X-Wing decks. I have 2 of them too so that will be pretty harsh. 

Against Tatooine Mains/Profit
set up on Ralltiir before you try to go to them for some battles so you can get your destinies plus 3-5 and so you can get important cards to go invacde there sites '