---
layout: post
author: ! Dunya "Hardpack" Ertan
title: ! 'i hate frost bite'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-24
description: ! 'Turn two your done. hehhehe'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting standard 4

Signal
hoth 4th
generator
A new secret base

Locations7
Kiffex
hoth
sullust
kashyyk
command center
echo lab
dc bay

People 3
Zev
commander luke
Major Haassh

Weapons 2
X-wing canons x2

Interupts 11
It could be worse
All wings report in
On the edge x3
Hojixs
Hojixs/out of nowhere
rebel barrier x2
power pivot x2

effects 12
traffic control
Do/wise adwise
Echo base ops.
echo base garrison
Ice storm
Frosbite
Rebel fleet
Nightfall
Incom corpo.
Menace fades
Mecanical failure

Ships 19
Home one
Liberty
Lando in Millinnium
green squadran a-wing
x-wing 14

Vehicles 3
Snow speeder x3




'

Strategy: '

Its long so Good luck


Its a standard ebo stuff but with huge retieves and added bonuses. Let me start. It goes in three stages. 1. setup 2. middle 3. end
1. before activating get garrison, and command center from reserve deck. Activate your little 3 force and deploy command center garrison. Right after that grab luke. Draw all of them. Next turn grab dc bay and zev and EB opts and then activate. deploy luke to center, db and What ever you have to as systems wise. Next turn grab the last location and activate. Deploy zev to eb lab and one x-wing to dc bay and and opts to genetor. 
2. Grab systems as this order kass, kiffexs hoth and sullust. Deploy home one with some x-wings. Deploy green squadran to sullust and kassk just one x-wing need it. Always keep the x-wing canons in hand with power pivot and a good old gkk. Deploy one speeder to north ridge to set up fades maneces. Try to get to incom cop. or imperial barier or sundows.  Now this is where the patiences comes and kicks in. Leaving one speeder to create a menace is anoying to opponets. So they will deploy mass people. All there power characters. Hoping to kick your butt and take out ebo. Get your @#$% kick there (dont pull any destiny or anyhing there accept imperial barier) and use gkk. Now they will try to move in. Deploy sundowns, frost bite and ice storm. This will cause you to win the game instant. If they deploy 4 characters thats a lost of 8 every turn. 16 lost in one full turn. Deploy other speeders set up manace again. Drain in space for the full damage. 
3. Now for the retieves, use on the edge with tracking system. Such as go look for a system and see what u have. All wing reports in for one time retieves. usely win by 18 to 24. Not a big differantal but almost auto win. 


card selection
Ultimatem is a last result measure and keeps you from losing alot to numbers.
Frostbite, sundows and ice storm combo is little hard at first but it works great against people who are not expecting. Its not been used lately so you will have fun
Order to engage will clear your drains from pesky one bounty hunters or lonely tie from interferences. 
rest is pretty easy.

Now for match ups.
ISB and some ground deck/endor ground
fades manace will hurt them. They have some space ships (bounties) so impreal barier and beatdown and x-wing canons and drain again. Try to make them come to hoth for some fun. This will be auto win. They will deploy sundowns for you do reduce there deployment cost. (Thats what u want any way)
Easy win. Keep mechanic failure on hand. 

ISB space 
make them deploy there systems and use power pivot impreal barier and fades menace will hurt them. Little bit harder beacuse u dont what they have.

Court/Mkos
This is a set up race and drain race. You will win. Set uo by turn two  and start draining. Lose one to court or move everyone to tatonie docking bay to make them come to you. Put everyone one speeders and take the lost. Fades menace will kill theres force drain bonuses and easy sailing. Lose rebel fleet, and ultimatium. Its easy after that. 

SYCFA/ Ties
Now this is easy if you now how to play. Go to Death star and drain and drain everwhere. Imperial barier and power pivot is your best friend. Deploy kiffexs and drain Let them deploy everyone out there before you start attacking. No more retieves for them and just start going with mass power and easy picking. Lateral damage is no problem u got the man on a ship that cancels it. Keep liberty and home one together.

BhBM/Hunt down.
Let them come to hoth and ice storm and frost bite. If you feel they might turn luke then keep him on home one. He will feel like he is at home. Ice storm/combo is easy. Drain and drain drain baby. The frost bite lost is too much for them.

Dont give one star or some crap like that (I will reurn the favor (i dont forget). This deck won lot of good people and has a great rep. Tell me what i need to improve. Maybe there is something i missed or i need to add. I know Yarma would be good and sometimes i switch it with ultimatem. I got most of the defences down by turn 4. I never really need to use signals. I find that its kind of useless in this heavy effect deck .it comes up. Thank you

'