---
author: Darth Vader "The Dark" Lord of The Sith
title: You’re a Big Blue Deck?
side: Dark
date: 2001-08-20
description: NMNPND!/YAS deck that is based in Space and use’ the You’re Slave text to deploy Starships for free or the opponent loses 2 Force.
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting (7):
No Money, No Parts, No Deal! / You’re a Slave?
Tatooine: Watto’s Junkyard
Tatooine: Mos Espa
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order & Secert Plans
Do They Have A Code Clearance

Characters (15):
Watto x4*
Darth Maul*
Darth Vader With Lightsaber*
Emporer Palpatine*
PS-59*
PS-60*
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Admiral Piett
Admiral Ozzel
Captain Pelleaon
Commander Merrejek x2

Effect (2):
Kuat Drive Yards
Vader’s Cape

Admiral’s Orders (2):
We’re in Attack Positon
Fighters Coming In

Locations (10):
Kessel
Coruscant
Coruscant: Docking Bay
Tatooine
Tatooine: Mos Espa Docking Bay
Hoth
Hoth: Docking Bay
Bespin
Sullust
Kuat

Starships (16):
Executor
Vengance
Avenger
Chimaraea
Devasator
Dominator
Judicator
Thunderflare
Imperial Class Star Destroyer x2
Visage
Conquest
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
IG-88 in IG-2000


Interrupts (8):
Force Lightning x4
Vader’s Eye
Empire’s Back
Vader’s Obsession
The Circle in Now Complete


Strategy: 

---UPDATE: Since Palpy has no real way to be pulled, if he’s lost, then the Force Lightnings are somewhat useless, so take out 3 of them for 1 Darth Vader’s saber, 1 Maul’s saber, and 1 Mara Jade, The Emporer’s Hand and she’s a *.--- 


* = indicates a land use card

This deck is made to be broken since You?re A Slave? if used right can be a broken card. First turn, pull Executor- (Mob. Points) and Watto - (Junkyard) from Reserve Deck, put down Watto at the Junkyard and if you have a * character in your hand, hopefully Vader with Stick, put him down at Mos Espa, (if you have Admiral Piett, pull Merejek and next turn pull Tatooine). Flip. Then put down Executor face down, your opponent eithier loses 2 force and ther goes Executor down to the Used Pile and Opponent loses 2 Force. If he allows you, yipee! You just put down a free Executor! Now shuttleup Piett and Merjek if the previous scenario set out. Repeat with your ground based characters to bone up your defense on Tatooine, Vader With Saber goes to the Junkyard and the PS?s too. Darth Maul and the rest of the Ground Based characters go to Mos Espa. Use Fighters Coming In to save the bounty hunter ships. This deck is almost broken, if not already, using the Objective to pull out Imperial Starships that usually take aroun 8 Force to pull down and using the opponent?s Force as your own if he saved any, otherwise, you?re deploying at your own cost, but otherwise, use some ICSD?s to make your opponent lose 2 Force if he used all of his Force his last turn. Just drain and make him give you free ships and characters or make him lose 2 Force a turn. Draining is simple since your deck?s cards are high power and are pretty much unstoppable when all put down. Hidden Base should fall to tis ideal. And EBO is probably a drain race you?ll win. Profit may be a problem, if all else fails, shuttle up your characters or just transit to docking bays and drain. Pretty much sound strategy. Thank You.  