---
layout: post
author: ! Silent "Silent Bob" Bob
title: ! "Stuck on the Weather Vane Version 2.0 (CCT style)"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-07
description: ! 'A Carbon Chamber Testing version of my earlier deck.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starships (6)
       Bossk In Hound’s Tooth 
       Dengar In Punishing One 
       IG-88 In IG-2000 
       Stinger 
       Virago 
       Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 

Characters (22)
       4-LOM With Concussion Rifle 
       Bane Malar 
       Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle 
       Darth Vader With Lightsaber 
     2 Lord Vader
       Dengar With Blaster Carbine 
       Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba 
       Emperor Palpatine 
     2 Grand Moff Tarkin 
       Guri 
       IG-88 With Riot Gun 
       Jabba’s Prize 
       Janus Greejatus 
       Jodo Kast 
     2 Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand 
       Mighty Jabba 
       Prince Xizor 
       Sim Aloo 
       Snoova 

Weapons (4)
       Dr. Evazan’s Sawed-off Blaster 
       Mara Jade’s Lightsaber 
       Vader’s Lightsaber 
       Vibro-Ax 

Devices (1)
       Carbonite Chamber Console 

Effects (9)
       Crush The Rebellion 
       Disarmed 
       Lateral Damage 
       Resistance 
       Secret Plans 
       There Is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement 
     2 There’ll Be Hell To Pay 
       Weather Vane 

Interrupts (9)
       Evader & Monnok 
       I Have You Now 
       Omni Box & It’s Worse 
       Prepared Defenses 
     2 Shattered Hope 
       Twi’lek Advisor
     2 Sniper & Dark Strike 

Locations (8)
       Cloud City Carbonite Chamber 
     2 Cloud City Chasm Walkway 
       Cloud City Downtown Plaza 
       Cloud City East Platform (Docking Bay) 
       Cloud City Port Town District 
       Cloud City Security Tower 
       Cloud City West Gallery 

Objective
       Carbon Chamber Testing/My Favorite Decoration 
'

Strategy: '

Starting 
CCT
Cloud City Carbon-freezing Chamber
Carbonite Chamber Console
Cloud City Security Tower
Jabba’s Prize 
Prepared Defenses 
Weather Vane (Tech) (Tech) 
Crush the Rebellion 
There is no try & Oppressive Enforcement 


First Turn, deploy Cloud City East Platform.  Use Crush to get either I Have You Know or Evader & Monnok. 

Here’s the tech, set up at the Chasm Walkway. Use Vader, Mara, Boba, Dengar, and Dr. E & Ponda to send characters to the Weather Vane. Here is why I like to play with the Weather Vane. During battle, I can get rid of a lot of high power/ability/battle destiny adding characters. Send them to the vane to get rid of them. This is tech for battles. Also, characters on the vane can’t be re-deployed. It’s nice to have Han sitting on the vane and not running around. 

Also, use Shattered Hope to send characters flying to the Weather Vane.  If you win a battle and Jedi Luke is still hanging around, just send him to the weather vane.

Evader and Monnok allows you to keep a control over the opponent’s hand. 

I have 2 grabbers. Use those to get Harvest (first priority), The Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach (Second), and other cycling cards. Most players play with The Bith Shuffle & Desperate reach because they can use the card to cancel Imperial barrier or shuffle reserve decks. That’s good. If they play it to shuffle a reserve deck, grab the card. That stops the opponent from getting characters off of the weather vane. 

Sniper does make the characters lost, not sent to the weather vane (sniper card is the top action), but it does add 3 to lightsaber draws. That can help for an Obi-Wan, Luke, Leia W/, Chewie w/, ect. 

I have removed Han from Watch Your Step decks.  This deck can also remove other key characters as well by having them sit on the weather vane.  

If you want, give Han to jabba and have him, Xizor, Guri and 4-lom chill together.  Jabba can’t be hit because of Xizor.  Xizor can’t be hit because of Guri.  There will then be 3 destinies in that battle.  Nasty little group holding on to Han. 

Don’t worry about flipping.  That is just a trap to get you off of Cloud City.  Just stay there and drain. '