---
layout: post
author: Greg "Rogue 9" Otte
title: 'City in the Clouds'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-03-07
description: 'This is my latest attempt at QMC i have not posted the others cause they suck.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting (7)
Quiet Mining Colony/Independent Operation 
Bespin
CC: Casino
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Squadron Assignments
Your Insight Serves You Well
Do or Do Not/Wise Advise

Locations (4)
Bespin: CC
Cloud Sectors x 2
CC: Downtown Plaza

Admirals Orders  (2)
No Questions Asked x 2

Characters (20)
Han w/ Gun x2
Lando w/ gun x2
Luke w/ stick
Chewie w/ gun
Dash Rendar x2
Wedge Antilles
Talon Karrde x2
Mirax Terrik x2
Devaronian x3
Ralltiir Freighter Captain x3
Kebyc

Vehicles (3)
Cloud Car x3

Starships (8)
Gold Squadron 1
Pulsar Skate
Outrider
Z-95 Headhunter
Z-95 Bespin Defense Fighter x4

Effects (3)
Bacta Tank
Traffic Control
Insurrection 

Interrupts (11)
The Signal
Cloud City Sabacc x2
Trooper Sabacc x2
Local Defense x2
Sorry About the Mess/Blaster Proficiency x2
Slight Weapons Malfunction x2
Houjix/Out of Nowhere x2


Strategy: 

Pretty straightforward Quiet Mining Colony Deck.  Try to get Lando to the Casino quick and hopefully By the time you do you will know what your opponent is running and have you other locations deployed accordingly.  If I it a space deck you can go either way with your location. For a Tie Deck get the Down town Plaza and a Cloud Sector, if it is a Capital Ship Deck then you will want to deploy the 2 Cloud Sectors they cannot come there with the big ships and will be limited to 1 site for any walkers and such you will want to put as much power at the System as possible but watch out for Bounty Hunters mixed in.  If they are running ground, play the Sectors and let them come to you.

Note: If they want to come to me they either have to pack the DB themselves, deploy directly, fly in or use Elis during the move phase.

Sabacc is the retrieval for this deck at the Casino.  I do not have Cloud City Celebration and I am not sure it would work with this deck; I need to read it off of D*s site.   Most of the cards are obvious as to why they are here I will go over a few people may have questions about.

Local Defense:  This combined with Squadron Assignments is TECH. You are bound to get a ship or its matching pilot or one of these in the opening hand. This would work even better when they come out with the Wilde Karrde(sp) and Lady Luck. 

Gold Squadron 1: If I had the Falcon I would use that But I don*t and I need Lando at the Casino for retrieval so Lando in Falcon does not help.

Land W/ Gun: Protection plain and simple. I can fire the gun, which allows me to use Slight Weapons Malfunction for an extra destiny.

Ralltiir Freighter Captain:  Put them on Gold Squadron 1 and you can use Houjix/Out of Nowhere for an extra D at any system or location.  Also Against a RalOps Deck they are Power plus and in a ship when Ralltiir is on the table you get a destiny as well. 

Devaronian: Power plus 3 on Cloud City Site, Gambler, Sabacc boost. Alien Pilot.

2 kinds of Sabacc: Anti-Grabber I doubt if most opponents want to waste both Grabbers on Sabacc cards when I have 3 different destiny adders in this deck.

Luke w/stick: Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi and Bring Him Before Me are very popular around here just like most other areas it seems. 

Insurrection: More Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi and Bring Him Before Me defense at least he will not be able to come to me until his move phase or deploy direct.

Kebyc: Making you opponent lose directly from reserve is always a good thing. Might remove this for something.

Ok here is how I see the Match ups:

TIE Swarm:  Stick to the Sites and build you Power at the System and the Sectors to keep from flipping back.  The potential is good to win several ties in Sabacc.  Should win although if they use the SFS cannons it could get a little ugly. Nobody I have see plays this type of deck although a friend of mine is bring one to the next Tournament.
This should be a decent win.

Monkey TIEs:  Use the Sites to drain and if you can play the Sectors on their systems.  You will be slugging it out with them but the potential is still there to win Ties in Sabacc.
Should win this as well

Bring Him Before Me: Give them Luke and do everything you can to keep them from winning battles. Use the Ground and Space Ideas that I started with at the top accordingly.   I have only seen Big Blue and Ground versions of these decks rarely TIEs or Bounty Hunter ships. 
Tough Call I have not played against any so it could go either way.

Hunt Down and Destroy the Jedi: Get Luke out as soon as you can There is no way this deck can cancel Visage so it is going to hit every turn I might swap Kebyc for an Out of Commission/Transmission Terminated.  This will probably be the toughest Match up.

Court: Let them come to you. You should be able to retrieve no problem and the drains should balance out. The Bounty Hunter ships will give you some problems but hopefully your immunity will hold them at bay. If they come to you they are stuck unless they bring their own DB they cannot Elis you back to feed you to the Sarlacc or Rancor.
Tough but winnable.

This Deal is Getting Worse All the Time:  This will get ugly.  Basically you are looking at a knock down drag out fight. Your going to be slugging it out in the air and on the ground and basically it will come down to who is luckier. Neither of you will probably flip.  From what I have seen you will have the advantage in space and sectors while they will have the Ground advantage.  This is a toss up.

My Kind of Scum: I have no clue I would have to say stay away and see if you can out-drain/Retrieve.  There Cards will be easy and tempting to pick-off with the Guns and Sabers but I am not sure I would risk the Beat Down.  Houjix will help if you do decide to take on the hoard.  
Do not know enough to make a call but think I have the advantage.

CCT: Slug it out give them Wedge if you have to and try to free Han before the get off CC. Potential is there to free Han on the first turn.  Avoid Battle and try to drain in space and sectors.  Should be able to beat this.

RalOps: Control Ralltiir System and use the Aliens to make them wish they had not started the game. Cloud cars come in handy as well with the Devaronians as pilots and Ralltiir Freighter Captain are power plus 2. Use you cloud sectors on there planet and keep them from flipping also once you flip you they can not modify your drains so it become a moot point.  This should be winnable.

Well that*s about it make suggestions point out flaws just be nice about it.  Thanks for taking a look and any positive advice you may have. 


