---
layout: post
author: ! Steve "Crazy Hermit" Kuperman
title: ! 'Crazy Hermits Scum Killa Plan X'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-18
description: ! 'Having trouble beating the thousands of Scum decks in your locals? Play this deck and you own Scum.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (8)
Tatooine Obi-Wan’s Hut
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Endor Chief Chirpa’s Hut
Rendezvous Point
Hoth Echo Command Center
Home One War Room
Yavin 4 Massassi War Room

Characters (20)
Ben Kenobi x4
Luke With Lightsaber x2
Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout
Leia With Blaster Rifle x2
Han With Blaster Pistol x2
Lando With Vibro-Ax x2
B’omarr Monk x2
H’nemthe x2
Corran Horn
Tawss Khaa
Chewbacca, Protector

Weapons (2)
Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber x2

Starships (2)
Home One x2

Interrupts (24)
Careful Planning
Fallen Portal
Tunnel Vision x2
The Signal x2
OOC/ Transmission Terminated x2
Nar Shadda Wind Chimes x2
Weapon Levitation x2
Sense/Recoil In Fear x3
Sense x2
Smoke Screen 
Alter x2
I Know
Courage Of A Skywalker
The Bith Shuffle/ Desperate Reach
SATM/ Blaster Profiency

Effects (4)
Goo Nee Tay x2
Honor Of The Jedi x2 '

Strategy: '

UPDATE
I’m aware of the fact that Scum often starts TINT/OE, but look at the presence of 2x Hot Jedi and 2x Signal to fetch it. You put that down and they have to cover three locations or put out No Escape (haven’t seen this one in Scum except flipping Court), else you lose nothing but your Sense or Alter to TINT/OE. If you can’t find either Hot Jedi or Signal reasonably fast, then lose the 2 extra cards. If they’re counting on that None Shall Pass to save their ass, don’t let it happen.

I am aware of the lack of drainage in the deck, that’s why you see Monks. Put one with Ben and it works pretty well. There’s a bunch of stuff in here that messes around with Hunt Down, but the idea of letting them have Obi’s Hut is silly. If that happens, you sit Ben/Luke at the Hut with a few other guys (preferably Ben, but you know how games can go), and either let them twiddle their thumbs or deploy the other Jedi to your battleground site and kill them. If this deck gets into a fight, winning isn’t too hard. 2x Weapon Levitation pulls weapons off of people, and if they can’t get more weapons, Ben Kenobi will completely destroy the opponent. 

END UPDATE

Starting location Obi-Wan’s Hut
Starting Interrupt Careful Planning to pull either Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber or Tatooine Jabba’s Palace.

I got sick and tired of playing against all of these Scum decks. Every game was just ”I pull Jabba, I pull Ephant Mon, I pull Gailid, I drain, battle, retreive 3, you lose 1, cancel your destiny with Myo . . .”. What a bunch of BS. I decided to fix the whole thing myself. So I’m going through my binder and I see Obi-Wan’s Hut. A nice twix site, and a cheap Obi-Wan, sounded pretty sweet to me, considering that if you use it as a starting location, your opponent deploys his stuff from an objective first, letting you set up the Hut next to Jabba’s Palace. Nice, but Force advantage is to the opponent, so no dice. A few days later, I’m looking through some other stuff, and I come across Careful Planning. Not used too much these days, but I figured, why not use it to start a Tatooine site along with Obi’s Hut. That way, I can convert the AC with my own AC against Court, and convert Tatooine Jabba’s Palace with my own against MKOS, which is virtually an auto-win. 

Of course, there’s more than just Scum . . .I mean, I see probably 2 out of every 3 decks at least are Scum-based, but probably 2 out of 3 of non-Scum decks are Hunt Down. So in went H’nemthes since the Monks were already in, and a couple of Wind Chimes to pull them into hand. Goo Nee Tay is a huge choker, so it was good for me. Ben is anti-duel, but I got high destiny, so one Courage made it in. Two Hot Jedis are sweet for so many different purposes, as they make my twix sites safe havens, block Visage damage . . .and they knock out the damage from TINT/ OE if there’s no No Escape on table, allowing me to play my S/A with free will. That way, if you want to jump inside the Palace, you can do so without worry of None Shall Pass. Ben Kenobi owns Tatooine, even with 4-LOM around. The droid lasts maybe one fight and then it’s back to business as usual.

Mind you, this deck probably wouldn’t do all that great against space-based decks, but if you want, the Home One is at your disposal. Just hold your Alters for Lateral Damage if you head into the sky. What it will do is beat Scum, and it will have a damn good chance of beating Hunt Down. Considering these are your two most popular decks of the day, this deck is huge, but it is certainly a meta thing. Nothing wrong with that, it’s good at what it does.

Matchups

Rops Heh, you lose so badly in this one, I don’t even want to talk about it. If you want, swap the Tunnel Visions for two Control/Tunnel Visions, and throw in Nabruns, or Ounee Ta, or whatever. If you throw in a couple of Nabruns, Ben can own Ralltiir, too. You have a bunch of power guys and some good destiny, so you might hold up. I don’t know, honestly don’t care. Go play some Hidden Base deck if you do care.

Space-based Probably lose, to be honest, unless it’s TIEs. Put Ben on the ground and drain with Monks, throw the whole A team onto Home One and run around. Order To Engage might be cool here, it’s not in the deck cause most decks that care about it play Point Man and I don’t feel like wasting Senses on it. Back up the Home One with your Senses and Alters, you can manage. If they get stupid and move away from Wakeelmui, maybe you even get to Alter SFS. Who knows.

BHBM You take ’em cause Ben is a machine even against the Emperor’s Power and your deck is high destiny. Give them Luke, Rebel Scout and let them go duel. The best they can get out of each duel is a net gain of 2 cards, and you’re already ahead cause they deploy so many cards at the start as compared to you. Just drop Ben + saber and/or Monk to a site and support yourself there. Hot Jedi is pretty sweet here if they can’t find No Escape. Not a problem.

Hunt Down 2x Hot Jedi. Courage Of A Skywalker. AND 4 BEN KENOBIS. You’ve got 7 Jedi in this deck, so maintaining an unflipped Hunt Down is not a huge problem. They better get No Escape down fast or Hot Jedi will eat them alive. If you want to hold your Senses, feel free to, but keep in mind the easy ditch of Sense/Recoil In Fear to summon a fresh hand of cards. I’d keep the Senses handy for stuff like Sniper or Trample or stuff like that, maybe cancel a duel if you’re scared. 

Black Sun Probably Scum, just keep their Scum off the board and get inside the Palace, if they try to spread to do stuff you’ve got them. Not really seen a whole lot yet, but a decently strong objective. You should do just fine, start JP in this one and march over with a Monk if you get the chance. Save your Senses for Hidden Weapons and Jabba’s Through With You.

Court No biggie, just convert their AC with your own, you’ve denied them Jabba and 1 Force. Move quickly into the Palace and hold the AC with a bunch of power, you’ll never have to worry about Scum. If they go to Obi’s Hut, just put down Hot Jedi or drop a beats squad on them there. You should take Court easily.

SYCFA/Scum Start JP and move in as soon as possible if they don’t convert right off the bat. While they can’t be choked, you have easy access into the Palace and if they don’t see 4-LOM, Ben will throw them out. Putting a Monk down at your JP if they don’t convert 1st turn prevents deploying JP sites from Reserve Deck, this can really screw them.

MKOS The most popular of the Scum decks goes down the easiest. If you can, convert their Tatooine Jabba’s Palace. They’re instantly choked. Put down Goo Nee Tay ASAP to kill their chances of ever putting down a force that can really challenge you. Ping away with drains, inevitably they’ll deploy something to try to stop the damage and you’ll crush them within a turn or two. You should be able to get the whole crew to Jabba’s Palace by the time they’re able to fight at all, but make sure you’ve deployed a non-Tatooine site so you prevent them getting an easy flip out of their objective. Even if they know what’s coming and choose to start the Lower Passages to give themselves an extra Force and the possibility of drawing JP to deploy your sites, I’ve found it doesn’t really matter. You move faster than them and hit harder.

Feel free to give me any suggestions via D-mail or review, and have fun beating the piss out of Scum. Cause you will.     '