---
layout: post
author: nate "number 1" meeker
title: 'Shutdown version Yeah you used to drain....'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-20
description: ! 'ISB shutdown with mains capibilities'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting6
ISB ops
coruscant
prep defence
imp arrest order
mob points
crush the rebellion or imp decree

characters20
ig-88 w/gat
mara jade
dr e/ponda baba
darth vader dlots x2
grand master tarkin 
emperor palpatine
grand admiral thrawn
admiral chiraneau
adm. peit
commander igar
of. evax
lt pol treidum
cap. jonus
chall bekan
adm. ozzel
commander merrejk
5d6-ra7 x2

weapons 2
maras vibrator
vaders beatin stick

blue12
tempest 1
blizzard 2
tempest scout 4
blizzard scout 1
executer
death squad star destroyer x2
chimaera
dengar in boat
zuckuss in boat
boba in boat
bossk in bus

effects4
battle order
something special planned for them
security precautions
either imp decree or crush will be in your deck after starting

interrupts10
the circle is now complete
evader/monnok
i have you now
twi’lek adviser x2
imp command x2
shut him up or shut him down
trample x2

locations5
yavin 4
kashyyyk
executer bay
yavin 4 bay
hoth bay

adm. order1
were in attack pos. now '

Strategy: '

card choices
1. yavin 4 first it is a rebel base so if you see ebo, you can still get your two rebel base locations. Next, it makes it easy to get guys from the ground to space without going through the executer. Also it is within the drain bonus for chiraneau from kashyyyk.
2. ig-88 w/ gat he is a badass all-around, but he is good for slowing profit by sending han to the used pile, or in a large group he can capture. works the same for rescue the princess.
3. the circle is now complete it is an easy way to get rid of obi for good.
4.dengar in boat great for killing home one and gold squd 1.
5. crush the rebellion revolution will kill this deck and it is an easy way to keep your oppenent under 13 cards.
6. trample it wreaks non-unique aliens and the like. It targets abliity so new chewie is history and trample is the number one anti-wys step card because they usally leave two chumps alone at a site so you drop a whole fleet of guys and lay the smack down and where they had 3 destinies, probley all 6’s, they now have 0. ha

setup
1st turn you will do different things w/ different hands. if you get a imp command, go for peit at the executer bay and pull merrejk to get the systems going.and pull the executer.
2. go for any other bay and wait on some force, put some chumps at the two rebel base locations to flip.
3. get decree in effect and get an agent at their sites for the drain shutdown
4. go to space to get in the big drains,you should drain for at least 7 and he shouldnt drain at all.
5. beef up d and drain him, or if he only has a few guys at a site, give him the old beat down.

matchups
vs wys this could be a very tough match up depending on their deck style. if they are on the ground good for you because tramples will kill the abliity 2 guys on the ground and then you can take the big drain aat the cantina from them, just look out for cantina brawl, it can really hurt if you dont see it comming. If they go to heavy space you might have a few problems. just hit them in little groups and you should take down their ships in the end. also controlling kessel is a must, it stops a big drain and it makes them put down another ship to use kessel run. like I said, is is a tough game but you should come out on top, if only by a few force.

vs profit start mara and dr e/ ponda baba. first turn move them outside so you can drain. flip quick and start to drain away, dont worry about the two you started unless you get a backup pair early (ie emperor and or vader) kill han if you get the chance and just stay away and drain, it should be a quick game.

vs ebo you will have problems unless you get decree in effect so start it and if you can get yavin 4 and its doc bay out early go there and get deree in effect and you should beat them quick, if you want to cancel ebo, get a few badasses in a walker and move in. the big thing is decree and it will make or break the game so hold it in effect no matter what.

vs rescue the princess again start decree so you can cancel that big drain if they free her. so set up decree first then take a walker with someone else and sit at the deathstar bay and when she comes out to play after being recued, trample her ass, you have 17 destinys that will kill her. if you get that you have the game because even if she does get redeployed you can kick her @#$% in the war room with spies, but look out for fallen portal.

vs qmc ha ha... just get out decree early and drain him to death and you should be able to take his system easily. I suggest that you dont send anyone to bespin at the sites except 5d6 because they might have some mains and without trample that is trouble.

vs hidden base start crush to keep their hand size down and as soon as they flip you have to find their base or most likey you will lose, that is it, find their hidden base and win the game, you should have enough space to do it, so it should be a farily easy win if you do it right.

vs training this one is hard, drain him for the little you can but you will want to go to degoba sometime in the game just kill off luke and yoda and after that just drain away and it should not be too hard to get there so that is the way to go.

vs luke the beatdown man go get luke with vader early and sit him with the emperor if you can get him, hold decree in effect and stay in large groups, always hold a imp command for the muli destinys in space and you should win by the drain later in the game. also you should ot lose mant battles so he wont stand a chance.

vs throne room if you stay in groups and start crush you should be good. remember to hold a imp command all the time and drain away, it shouldnt take too long because he wont activate any force without revolution so just drain him dead.

note
this deck works well vs all types of decks and has very good activation and it only gives away 4 force frome every site in the deck, so make them play locations to activate and keep their hand size down by playing used monnok over and over and you should stay ahead of all the compitition with this deck.   '