---
author: Frederick "mist _hunter" Ealick
title: 'We Have Found A New Secret Base v.3'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-05-26
description: 'This is pretty much the same deck as before but with a couple of tweaks. The main reason that I have remade the same deck is that a tournament is upcoming and I need a deck I am familiar with.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

LOCATIONS: (9)
Hoth
Hoth: Echo Command Center (War Room)
Hoth: Echo Corridor
Hoth: Echo Docking Bay
Hoth: Main Power Generators
Hoth: North Ridge
Kiffex
Mon Calamari
Sullust

CHARACTERS: (9)
Boushh
Chewbacca, Protector
Corran Horn
Figrin D’an
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Luke With Lightsaber
Mirax Terrik
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
TK-422

STARSHIPS: (15)
Lando In Milennium Falcon
Liberty
Tantive IV
X-wing x12

WEAPONS: (2)
X-wing Laser Cannon x2

INTERRUPTS: (17)
All Wings Report In x2
Grimtaash
Hyper Escape x3
Organized Attack x4
OOC/TT
Power Pivot
Star Destroyer!
The Signal x4

EFFECTS: (8)
A New Secret Base
Echo Base Operations
Honor Of The Jedi
Ice Storm
Incom Corporation
Legendary Starfighter
Rebel Fleet
Yarna dal Gargan


Strategy: 

Before I go on into the strategy section of this submission, I am going to elaborate upon what I said in the summary. After a while (after WHFANSBv.2.75 was posted and reviewed) I took my beloved EBO deck apart. Because of my schedule I had not been able to play much SWCCG, until now. AugustaCon is coming up and I haven’t play in a tournament since either January or December so I needed decks that I felt comfortable with. For Light Side I chose EBO X-wing Swarm and Dark Side I will probably use D*2 TIEs but I am not certain yet. Anyway. I reconstructed the EBO deck to my liking and here it is. The deck isn’t much changed since v.2.75 (i think), but I thought you might want to look at it and help me for the tournament. For those of you who don’t know AugustaCon’s SWCCG tournaments are at 1:00 on Saturday and 12:00 Sunday. They 12:00 is free and everyone gets a prize. The 1:00, however, is not and costs $5 because the prize is only to first place and it is either a Tatooine box or a Reflections 2 box. Either one, I want it (even though I probably wont get it but a guy can hope). I am going to both for practice only.

STRATEGY:
Start with Hoth: MPG and Hoth: North Ridge with The Signal grabbing ANSB. Then do the standard EBO stuff and play really smart and win with battles and drains. I chose the planet the ways I did because they can all be grabbed with ANSB and have great abilities. 2 have changed for the better. This deck has really high destinies and that usually surprises people. If you want a detailed strategy section then check out WHFANSBv.2.75 and review it while you are there and then come back and review this one.

ANSWERS TO REVIEWS:
Thanx guys.
I posted this deck before the tournament because I like always play this deck but because I am a scrub they never tech against because nobody else plays EBO X-wing Swarm in my area.
I don’t have another Incom Corp. but I wouldn’t add another because I have 3 Signals to get it so it would be wasted and there are alot of other effects to get like Yarna and Rebel Fleet.
(I’m sorry if I don’t put your name down, I’m to lazy and its 7:30 on a weekend YAWN)
POLL:
When you review this deck plz also include whether or not I should drop HOTJ and if so, what for.

Bye, Fred  