---
layout: post
author: ! Ed "eddiehectic" Rebman
title: ! "Beats of the Black Sun V. 2"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-03-03
description: ! 'Use the new R2 objective to capture every character the LS has.  Fun to play with lots of cool bounty hunters and interupts.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Agents of the Black Sun v2

Locations
Coruscant (start)
Coruscant Imp city (start)
Coruscant Imp Square
Coruscant DB
 DB
Tat DB
Tat Cantina
Rendilli

Characters
Xizor x2 (start)
Guri x2
Snoova x2
IGGY w/gun x2
Palpy
4-Lom w/gun
Dengar w/gun
Boba w/gun x2
Jodo Kast
Vigo x2
Bane Malar
Bossk w/gun

Blue
Zuckuss in MH x2
Bossk in HT
Jabba&#8217;s space Cruiser

Effects
IAO (start)
Mob Points (start)
All wrapped up (start)
Bad Feeling Have I
Presence of the Force x2
Search and Destroy
Security Precautions
Resistance 
First Strike
Secret Plans
Hell 2 Pay

Interrupts
Jabba&#8217;s through with you x3
Hidden Weapons x2
Point Man
Twi lek Advisor x3
Prepared Defenses (start)
Sniper
Look Sir, Droids
Masterful Move
Ghhhk
Oh, switch off x2

Weapon Vibro ax
'

Strategy: '

 
When I can get a hold of another Vigo, I will replace Bane with it. 

First turn, depending on your hand, pull either corsucant DB or <> DB and move Xizor over for activation.  Make sure you have some back up if you get <> DB, and you can flip first turn.  Also pull Rendilli with Mob points.   If they are playing mains, get Bad Feeling Have I out a quickly as possible.  With 3 Twi Leks it shouldn&#8217;t be too hard.  This is a ground battle deck. Use your interrupts and weapons to capture all the LS characters.  Capturing Luke will probably win you the game.  If he is not on the table, you are getting huge attrition bonuses and you can capture people with all wrapped up.  Use your objective to put back a high destiny card in your used to see what is in your force pile and where, it helps a ton to let you use your resources effectively.  Also, during your battle phase look at the destinys on top of your deck, use your weapons and interrupts (Hidden Weapons) in accordance with those destinys.  A 6 on top?  Iggy captures Ben.  A 2 on top?  Jodo uses his hidden weapons to capture luke.  After you have wiped out their ground forces, use direct damage and force drains to kill them.  The drain potential is actually quite large, with Vigo&#8217;s and Presence OTF.  Your objective makes tracking easy, and makes Bossk with gun good again.  If they are playing space (ebo or HB), use resistance to limit their drains and use Search and Destroy and your objective to do damage.  Against HB, get out security precautions and find their base.  Watch out for fallen portal, and try to grab it.  Mid to late game the destinys in this deck become sickly high, easy to shoot and draw high in attrition.  Just beat him up on the ground.

Card Choices
Oh, Switch Off &#8211; You most dangerous characters in this deck are droids.  This is a used 6 destiny interrupt that cancels any attempt to steal, &#8216;hit&#8217; or make lost one of your droids. They are protected from such attempts for rest of the turn.   If they want to fallen portal Iggy or Guri or 4-lom, too bad.  Same if they want to swing at them.  Capture Ben with a droid and hold that in your hand so they can&#8217;t hit em.  Its killer, and no one will see it coming.  

3x Twi lek &#8211; You have valuable effects in this deck, helps you get em out fast, especially that early Bad Feeling Have I.  Plus a 5 destiny never hurt, and if you don&#8217;t want to pay to recycle them, put em back with your objective.  

3x Jabba&#8217;s through with you &#8211; this card is tits.  Add a battle destiny after your bounty hunter fired a character weapon&#8230;.used 5 interupt.  Why not play 3, always good to have in your hand.       
'