---
layout: post
author: ! Mason "Palleon" Johnson
title: ! 'Its NOT to Cold for Speeders'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-08
description: ! 'Swarms of speeders that rip your opponets characters apart. (and can drain)'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (10)

There Is Good In Him / Speeders Can Save Him
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Luke’s Lightsaber
Endor Chirpa’s Hut
Endor Docking Bay
I Feel the Conflict
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Draw Their Fire
Staging Areas
Insurrection

Locations (5)

Tatooine Docking Bay
Tatooine Toche Station
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace
Hoth Echo Docking Bay
Endor Back Door

Characters (5)

Luke Skywalker, JK
Obi-Wan with Lightsaber 
Boushh
ASP-707 x2

Starships (8)

Artoo in Red 5
X-wing x7

Vehicles (16)

Snowspeeder x6
Sandspeeder x6
Rebel Snowspeeder x4

Effects (6)

Incom Corporation x2
Maneuvering Flaps x2
Crash Site Memorial
S-foils


Interrupts (7)

T-47 Battle Formation x3
Signal x2
Organized Attack x2

Admiral’s Orders (2)

I’ll Take The Leader x2

Devices (1)

Ewok Catpult '

Strategy: '

Starting

Start by pulling out the docking bays, and use Luke to drain. Spread your speeders out to diffrent docking bays. You will get huge activation with Staging areas and huge drains with I’ll take the leader. Destoy your opponent on the ground and take over his sites, and drain for even more. If you get down to the Tat sites you can drain for tons with T-47 battle formation. Win battles and Retrieve. Don’t let them hold anything. 

Matchups

BHBM Tough game,  Win a couple of battles and drain once you have a couple cards stacked then track the Ewok Catapult and Cross Vader. Game.
Watch yourself though, never underestimate the power of the darkside.

Huntdown Destroy him off all of his sites and you can always hide luke from duels in a Vecicle. Drain for a bunch and If they come to space strike when they dont expect it. Good Game, but I have done it many times. 

MKOS & COURT Crush them if they come to exterior sites and if they don’t just drain them to death. If they go to space kill them their to. Good Game, but not much they can do. 

Ties Drain as fast as you can and get your ships into your hand. Very TOugh Game, but if you use your tricks and I’ll take the leader to reduce his ties power. Thne user all power and beat down in space. Drain a bunch and you can win. 

Very Fun Deck and Definetly can win. I love it and I hope to use it in a tourney this Saturaday.

Any constuctive reviews would be great. 

Thanks '