---
layout: post
author: ! Mason "Palleon" Johnson
title: ! "Gorilla Ties v 2 0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-30
description: ! 'Quick drains, tons of ties, and raw power.'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

' Starting (8)

SYCFA/TUPITU
Death Star
Death Star Docking Bay
Alderaan
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Points
Resistance
There Is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement

Locations (6)

Kiffex
Endor
Kashyyyk
Kessel
Wakeelmui
Sullust


Characters (3)

Emperpr Palpatine
Darth Vader, Dart Lord of the Sith
Commander Merrejk

Starships (19)

TIE Vanguard x6
TIE Fighter x2
TIE Advanced X1
TIE Scout
TIE Interceptor x4
TIE Defender Mark 1 x2
Dreadnaught, Heavy Class Cruiser x3

Effects (9)
Dreaded Imperial Starfleet
Sienar Fleet Systems x2
Battle Order
Pride of the Empire
Lateral Damage x2
Contol and Set for Stun

Interrupts (15)
Short-range Fighters
Operation as Planned x2
Masterful Move
Ghhhk x2
Twilek Advisor
Imperial Barrier
All Power to Weapons x4
Dark Manuvers x2

Admirals Orders (2)
Fighter Cover x2   '

Strategy: '


edit The Start
I chose SYCFA as my start becuase of the activation. I get at least 5 force on my first turn, more if they give me any icons. The no battle damage at Death Star sites will come into play later. Prepared Defences is huge. Mobilization Points allows me me to get Wakeelmui first turn one hundered percent of the time. It also can add to my activation at the D* docking bay. Oppressive Enforcement and There is no Try punish your opponent for using SAC. No only does the card they sensed or altered go to my used pile, but they loose their card and 2. Oppresive Enforcement also makes my dreadnaughts destiny 4.

The Characters
Emperor Palpetine is awsome. When hes at the D* docking bay several things happen. The battle ground site part of Battle Order is staisfied. You activate 4 at the D* docking bay if you control, 3 if you occupy. He is immune to attrition and battle damage (becuase of SYCFA) so the only way they can kill him is to hit him. And to do that they have to draw greater than 7 for saber draws. Commander Merrejk is for grabbing systems. He can do this at the D* Docking Bay or on a Dreadnaught.

The Starships
TIE Vanguards are awsome. The abaility to deploy as a react is huge. A lone Vanguard at a system with force saved is more that enough to make your opponent think twice before battling. Dreadnaughts are a key part of a TIE beatdown. They are destiny 4 (becuase of OE) and have a abaility 2 pilot. They also add 1 to the power of your TIEs. Without dreadnaughts your TIEs cant nove because they have no hyperdrive. Interceptors are good starfighters. They have a base power of 3 for a deploy of 2. Thier forfit of 3 is standard for TIEs. There are 3 ways for this deck to raise the Ties power. All Power to weapons makes them power +2 and IMMUNE TO ATTRITION.

The Systems
Coruscant was chosen for several reasons. If they are using LS Coruscant, their drain of 3 becomes a 1 when it is converted. I get 2 icons and give them none. Wakeelmui is self explanitory. Cant do Sienar Fleet Systems without it. Nal Hutta was chosen becuase of its parsep number of 3. I origionaly had Rendili, but then my dreadnaughts were stuck from parsem 0-2 or 6-8 (I know I could have moved the D*, but I dont really like that becuase it makes it more open to invasion.) Nal Hutta gives me 2 and them 1, but they only drain for 1. The rest of the systems (Sullust, Endor, Kiffex, and Kashyyyk) all give me 2 force and a force drain of 2.

The Interrupts
Mantellian Savrip got you down? Masterful Move was put in especially for that. Its also a used destiny 6 interrupt. Jeid Luke and saber draining you at the Endor Docking bay? Same goes with Han in a Profit deck. Only then they cant drain at Tatooine until he is found (becuase of front side of Profit.) Twilek is a recycable 5 that I use to grab important effects. Short Range Fighters can be used to grab a TIE for Dreaded Imperial Starfleet or for the one per game reterival. I use two becuase if they grab one while Im searching for a TIE, I still have one for my one per game reterival. All Power To Weapons is one of the key componets in this deck. It makes your TIEs insanely powerful and immune to attrition. Dont be afraid to use it lost to grab 3 TIEs from reserve. You loose APTW and 1, grab the 3 TIES, deploy them and reterive the APTW, the card you lost for APTW and one mor card. Imperial Barrier is a big help. Down comes the Homo One with Ackbar and a bunch of other pilots. BARRIER Next turn. Lateral Damage, Dreaknaught and 4 Interceprots. Battle, APTW. Nice game.

The Effects
The evil Battle Order trick can be found in the character section. CHYBC is probably my favorite effect in the game. It stops Bargawin Reterival, force drains at my D*, profit reterival and so many other things I cant even list them. You know what Reactor Terminal dose so I wont bother explaining that. Lateral Damage is one of those cards that can win a game. Not only does it make the target power 0, it also makes it forefit 0. Suddenly that power 15, forefit 12 Homo One doesnt look so firghtening. Dreaded Imperial Starfleet is to block drains. Presence of the Force is to make my drains bigger when playing ground decks. And finally the, the card that holds the deck together Sinear Fleet System. TIE decks would be good without this reterival engine, but not that good. This card makes TIE decks one of if no the best deck out there right now. You reterive 1 every time you deploy a TIE, but one per turn a TIE just lost from table goes to your used pled instead of lost pile.

One of the things I like about TIE decks is their ability to beat space decks in space and ground decks by ignoring them.

After D*2 there is no single popular LS deck. At the last tourney I went to there were 12 people and 12 different LS decks.

vs. MWYHL
This is one of the easier matchups for this deck. The key is speed. In your opening hand you will almost always have a TIE and battle ground system. Deploy the TIE to the BG system and drain them there. As soon as you get more systems, deploy them and starships there. Get CHYCB and deploy it ASAP. Most MWYHL decks will leave you alone till they complete Test 5 and then come after you. By the time they have completed Test 5, they will be too far behind to catch up. Not being to reterive when they flip or play On The Edge until they satisfy CHYBC messes them up even more. If they start Battle Plan, deploy a TIE do the D* docking bay early.

vs. Profit
This is one of the toughter matches, but It is your game to win... or loose. Again, the early drains are key. If Han comes outside, snare him with Always Thinking With Your Stomach. If he stays inside, snare his other guys and drain in space. Battle Order usually messes up profit becuase most of the ones Ive seen havent had much space.

vs. Throne Room Mains
I havent played one of these decks since D*II came out, so I dont really know how it matches up. Early space drains again (see a pattern) when (if) their starships do come out, Lat. Damage and sheer power should win the game. Battle Order helps.

vs. EBO (Bargawin or Regular)
This really shouldnt even be that close. CHYBC messes up their Bargawin reterival. When their ships do come out, beat them dowin with the help of Lat. Damage and APTW. Battle Order really messes them up (If they go to the North Ridge Ill just snare their guys)

vs. RST
Probably the toughest matchup for this deck. Control of Endor is key. If you contol endor, you can control the game. Their objective will flip back durring your move phase and all their drains will be limited to 1. Then you can block drains with U-3PO, Dreaded Imp. Starfleet. Tough, but possible.

vs. TIGIH
When they see you are seeing space, Luke will almost always move to the Landing platform. When he drains there, snare him. If playing a Steven Lewis style TIGIH, you can usually spread out and drain for the first few turns. You will want to consolidate your forces later in the game. Really just play it by ear.

Thanks for Reading and Rewiewing   '