---
layout: post
author: ! Dennis "Denethor" Jeffris
title: ! 'A Generally Good Deck (Profit)'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-05-13
description: ! 'Heres an awesome, original (sorta) deck that has massive damage.  Try it out, youll be greatly satisfied'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
You Can Either Profit By This.../Or Get Your @$$ Kicked
Tatooine Jabba’s Palace
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
General Solo
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Insurrection
Staging Areas
Strike Planning

Locations (5)
Tatooine x2
Tatooine Docking Bay
Tatooine Lars’ Moisture Farm
Spaceport Docking Bay

Characters (27)
General Crix Madine
General Calrissian
Obi-Wan Kenobi x3
Admiral Ackbar x2
Chewbacca Of Kashyyyk
Leia With Blaster Rifle
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout
Luke With Lightsaber
Owen Lars & Beru Lars
Orrimaarko
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Corran Horn
Lieutenant Blount
Lieutenant Page
Colonel Cracken
Captain Yutani
Corporal Delevar
Corporal Kensaric
Corporal Midge
Corporal Janse
Corporal Beezer
Sergeant Junkin
Major Panno

Starships (4)
Home One
Liberty
Spiral
Tantive IV

Interrupts (10)
Out of Commission & Transmission Terminated x2
Path of Least Resistance & Revealed
Harvest
Rebel Leadership x2
Shocking Information & Grimtaash
Control & Tunnel Vision
Fallen Portal
The Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach

Effects (4)
Honor of the Jedi
Tatooine Celebration
Launching The Assault
Grappling Hook

Weapons (1)
Luke’s Lightsaber

Admiral’s Orders (1)
Capital Support '

Strategy: '

To reviews  MylordMartin - no, Profit does not NEED to be a mains and toys deck, which is EXACTLY why I made this.  This is more powerful that a mains and toys.  Don’t review on what a deck ISNT, review on what it IS.



As the name might suggest, this deck uses generals to cause direct damage with Capital Support and drains and causes MORE direct damage with Profit

First off, I start with General Solo because of 3 reasons
1) Premiere/Jedi Pack Han Solo sucks
2) He’s a General, which is BIG in this deck.
3) I can usually release him before I lose more than 5 force (sometimes I lose only 1-2 force before I rescue him, INCLUDING the starting interrupt).

Strike Planning is started because I can pull out 2 Generals, who both rock.  I pull out General Crix Madine for his scout-pulling ability.  I pull out General Calrissian because he’s Lando, which helps with the Profit direct damage and he’s a General, which causes direct damage with Capital Support.  He can also pilot one of the ships.  Insurrection is started since most of my characters are forfeit +2 and I can pull out the docking bays.  Also, it prevents Elis beats.  I start Staging Areas because I have 2 docking bays on the same planet which are always under my control/occupation, so I get activation that way.

Once you release Han by kicking the crap out of them with your scout/main swarms, you then start the fun.  Spread out your Generals so you have 1 at each location (remember that Obi-Wan Kenobi is a general).  So, now you have General Solo, General Calrissian, General Madine, and General Kenobi at the 2 docking bays and at the Jabba’s Palace sites.  Since there are 2 Tatooine systems in here, chances are you will get one early on.  Deploy it, and Launching the Assault if you have it.  Get out Home One, and when you have enough force, deploy it to Tatooine with Ackbar and all your pilots.  You NEED to hold this system.  Deploy Tatooine Celebration if you have it.  Deploy Capital Support w/ Ackbar or from hand.  Reinforce your Generals with lots of characters at the sites.  Then, during your control phase, your opponent will lose 4 (5 if Lars’ Farm is out) to drains, 4 to Generals, 3 MINIMUM to COK, Solo, and Calrissian, and 2 more if you have Leia or Luke out.  Make sure you only have 1 main at each site, to maximize the damage.  Back up with lots of characters, and you’ll be retrieving 5 force a turn, making them lose 14 force a turn maximum, with relatively small amounts of cards.

Now some explanations of cards

2 Tatooines  It’s necessary to get this out, to get Capital Support and Tatooine Celebration working.

Lars’ Moisture Farm  Not very necessary, but if you have Owen & Beru there, you can retrieve very important cards with Harvest.  Also, an extra drain site/retrieval site for Celebration.

3 Obi-Wans  A beast in this deck.  He’s a general for Capital Support, and he just plain kicks all @$$.

2 Ackbars  The perfect character for space.  He rules on Home One, gets your admiral’s order out, and makes Home One nearly invincible.

Only 1 Leia?  Yes.  I don’t have any more good Leias.  (  Replace Control & Tunnel Vision for DOS or Leia w/ Blaster if you have them.  Good thing she isn’t that important...

LS, RS  I don’t have another LSJK, so replace as necessary.

Wedge and Corran  They rule space on Home One.

Rebel Leadership  Add a destiny with Ackbar in space, or add a destiny with all your generals on the ground.  It does not work with Obi-Wan, but it still is an incredible card.

2 OOC/TTs  Removing pivotal cards from the game is an incredible advantage.  Also cancels Visage of the Emperor and the sort.

Path Of Least Resistance combo  Use to get rid of stupid Undercover spies that block your drains.  Also, against Hunt Down, can be used to get your spies from Holotheatre to Docking Bay, back to Tatooine all in one turn

Shocking Info combo  Kills swarm decks, and kills M’iyoom Onith.

Fallen Portal  Half your sites are docking bays, so why not?  Easy kill

Bith combo  INCREDIBLE card.  Cancel Imperial Barrier and screws with tracking.  

Grappling Hook  I chose not to use What’re You... because this is higher destiny and cheaper to deploy (since I don’t have Wise Advice in here) and it still does the main job  get rid of big interrupts

Now some matchups...

Hunt Down  Your biggest battle.  Obi-Wan is very vulnerable to a dueling HD, so don’t deploy him early on.  Luke is also vulnerable, so try not to deploy him unless necessary.  Also, Leia cannot battle or drain at her site, so remember that  In the end, the massive damage you cause will finish him off.  Without his dueling, this deck is almost worthless except for Visage, which can be easily cancelled.

ISB Ops/Big Blue  Not too hard.  Deploy LOTS of ships and pilots to Tatooine.  Make sure you don’t lose that system  Remember a lot of his cards are spies, so you can use Revealed on him to slow him down a bit.  Once again, direct damage will win the day.

BHBM  You have lots of power on the ground and in space, so he shouldn’t be able to win many battles.  Concentrate your forces so he cannot cross Luke.  Use Rebel Scout to get rid of Vader.  Tatooine will be easy to hold, since most BHBM decks are light on the space part.  Retrieval and direct damage rule

TIE Swarms  Hard, but you will come out victorious if you play smart.  Make sure you have tons of power aboard your ships in space.  After holding them off for a few turns, you will have caused lots of damage, so if you absolutely HAVE to give up Tatooine, you can do so.  Try not to though, as it will be much more difficult to hurt him.  Severely.  This is where Revlealed helps the most.  Get rid of Arica

RalOPS  Ounee Ta would be nice to put in my deck, but RalOPS is basically dead here, and I think everywhere.  They have a slow deck and most likely very few aliens, so you can rescue Han even easier than before.  You will be much faster and have massive damage to him, and RalOPS doesn’t have good retrieval, so you can just keep up the damage to knock him off.

Scum  May seem difficult, but it really isn’t that hard.  Their BH ships won’t do much if you have Home One w/ Ackbar there.  Your direct damage will hurt them, and retrieval will help a lot.  Hidden Weapons might hurt, but your objective here is to drain and Profit/Cap Support damage, so you shouldn’t battle much.

Endor OPS  It will start out difficult, but it’s not hard to set up so you will win the day.  Don’t go to Endor

Dark Deal  This is where you want to invade him.  Overpower 1 site, and that will force him to concentrate his forces.  His drains will hurt a bit, but you can out-drain + direct damage him.  ONLY go to 1 site.  Any more and Tatooine will be weak and he can stomp you there.

Black Sun  They simply don’t have enough characters to give you a big run for your money.  Luke really hurts this deck.  Won’t be hard (maybe the Dark Surgeon one will be... but I haven’t played it)


There you go.  My first profit deck, but I like it a lot.  Please review fairly.  Later

-Dennis  '