---
layout: post
author: ! chris "wampa hunter" benson
title: ! "Post Tatooine CPI deck  Legal deck with 62 cards in it "
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-04
description: ! 'This is a post Tatooine deck, that I found to be very powerful. As to why there "62" cards in it, more on that later.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

' 
Set Your Corse for Alderaan 

STARTING
Death Star
Death Star Docking Bay
Alderaan
Prepared Defense
A Million Voices crying out
IAO
Imperial Decree

LOCATIONS (8)
DS War Room
DS Conference Room
DS Detention Block Control Room
Nal Hutta
Kiffex
Yavin 4
Hoth
Sullust

Characters (17)
Mara Jade TEH
Lord Vader
Darth Maul
Admiral Motti
"      " Ozzel
"      " Chiraneau
"       " Piett
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Com. Merrejk
Capt. Godherdt
Officer Evax
Daroe
Prince Xizor
DS Gunner x4

STARSHIPS (10) 
Death Squd Star Destroyer
Chimeria
FS Executor
Dominator
Vengeance
Tryant
Devastator
ThunderFlare
Zuckass in Ship
Dengar in Ship

WEAPONS (5)
Superlaser x2
Jade’s Saber
Vader’s Saber
Maul’s Saber

RED CARDS (10)
Overwhelmed
Lateral Damage
Put All Sections on Alert x2
Imperial Command x3
A Day Long Remebered
Imperial Barrier

EPIC EVENTS (2)
CPI x2

'

Strategy: '

Now your first question is "How can this deck be 62 cards and still be legal?" Well with the game text of A Million.. it says you can take into hand one CPI lost pile twice per game. Bingo that’s an extra two cards and your not retiveing them so you don’t have first use/lose force.

Anyway the way you play the deck is first get the Superlaser on the death Star at Parsic zero and then move the DS to Orbit Alderaan. While moving towards Alderaan get your DS sites and DS Gunners on the table. Remeber you don’t take any Battle Damage or Force drains before you flip. So the LS won’t bother you much, and if they do throw down a couple character and take care of them. Use "Put all Sections on Alert" If you lose your Gunners or if a Rebel is on the DS and you want to kill him off. 

After you have the DS all set up to blow up Alderaan just drawn any destiny and you should have it made. This flips your OBJ and the real beats begin. 

With a flipped OBJ you may depoy Systems from Reservse and Star Destroyer deploy -2 and you retive 3 force when you depoy one. Also you Force drains are +2 at Systems, +3 with Admiral Chraneau. (Use a Imperial Command to find him) With all the bew Jedi’s the LS has now, Imperial Decree is very important now. You don’t have to worry about Menace Fades canceling your Force bounses since you should at this point own Space. Jedi Test 1 Might be a probelm for this deck though, but they would have to have alot of space to fight you with though. Try and get "A day Long Remembered" going as soon as you blow up Alderaan so the LS’s Rebels depoy +8 

Also if need be, don’t flip and just deploy SD to systems and drain. It’s a good way to confuse the LS as weater to deploy to the DS and wait for the flip so they can drain.

Good luck, Also this deck should have Kuat and Kuat Star Drive in it but, since I don’t own those cards....

This deck won all it’s games last Tourey. Even won the game aginst a 1900 + rated player. (I’m a 1500 + rated player) HA '