---
layout: post
author: ! Andrew "Gadget" Ledwith
title: ! "Ralltiir Royale"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-02-22
description: ! 'New age Ralltiir Ops that uses Royal Guards to hold the planet. Has more tech than you can shake a stick at.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (9)
Coruscant Docking Bay 
Executor Docking Bay 
Forest
Jungle 
Kuat 
Ralltiir 
Spaceport Docking Bay
Spaceport Prefect’s Office 
Wakeelmui 

Characters (22)
Emperor Palpatine  x2
Guri 
Janus Greejatus 
Kir Kanos 
Lieutenant Arnet 
Lord Vader  x2
Myn Kyneugh 
Prince Xizor 
Quarren  x3
Royal Guard  x10

Starships (8)
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth 
Dengar In Punishing One 
Stinger 
The Emperor’s Shield 
The Emperor’s Sword 
Vengeance 
Virago 
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 

Interrupts (4)
Defensive Fire & Hutt Smooch  x2
Evader & Monnok
Prepared Defenses 

Effects (12)
Expand The Empire 
Imperial Arrest Order 
Mobilization Points 
Overseeing It Personally 
Presence Of The Force 
Reactor Terminal 
Resistance
Search And Destroy 
Sienar Fleet Systems 
Something Special Planned For Them 
There Is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement 
There’ll Be Hell To Pay 

Weapons (4)
Force Pike  x2
Vader’s Lightsaber 

Objective (1)
Ralltiir Operations/In The Hands Of The Empire  '

Strategy: '

UPDATE NUMERO UNO
-----------------------------------
Uh, wow. I guess you can’t put Squadrons in the Used pile with SFS on table. Sorry people. Just ignore that in the strategy section, I don’t feel like searching for every time I mentioned it. I’d still probably play with it though, since they are forfeit 12 with Vengeance and power 6 a pop when Big E is at a related site. Plus you will retrieve 3 force the initial time you drop them with SFS, so it isn’t all bad. Change it if you like, but I’m keeping it the same.
-----------------------------------

Okay, this deck is like one big piece of tech. I have been messing around with it for weeks now and it works like a champ. Since most people still believe that Ralltiir is dead, I will go over EVERY card in the deck to prove to you that this deck can beat everything. If you want to skip to the matchups then scroll down a ways.

Locations (9)
Coruscant Docking Bay - Generation.

Executor Docking Bay - Generation. 

Forest - This should ALWAYS be the middle Ralltiir site (explained later). Always deploy this site first if you can.

Jungle - You don’t want to use another Spaceport site cuz you’ll have to group them together, which is bad (you’ll see below). None of the other non-Spaceports have good gametexts for you, so I went for the one with the worst text for the opponent. Attrition -2 and drain -1 for opponent is pretty nasty. 

Kuat - Generation is +2 at Wakeelmui when Kuat is on table. So when this is deployed you’ve basically given yourself a 3/0 location that your opponent can’t drain at when you’re flipped. 

Ralltiir - Duh. 

Spaceport Docking Bay - For emergencies only And you’d probably want to drop it vs TIGIH. Drop Vader to Endor (where Luke will probably be drain at DB), and transit to Ralltiir. Move over to where Emperor’s at so you knock 3 off the crossing destiny. In this situation, you would not want to deploy the Jungle. Also, site this site in the middle since the Forest will have to be on the end (Spaceport grouping rules) so that your characters will be immune here. I can’t stress enough that this is ONLY for emergencies and should not be deployed unless you need it to flip or for TIGIH.

Spaceport Prefect’s Office - This card is sooo tech. It’s gametext says if you’ve got an Imperial leader here your Imperials are power and forfeit +1. So stick the Emperor there and your Royal Guards are power 4 forfeit 4. That’s equal power and higher forfeit than an Elom (w/o Rep at AC).  

Wakeelmui - This should be the system you pull w/ Mobilization Points (unless it is in your starting draw, then you should pull Kuat). It does give you less than a Rendili or a Carida but the benefits are huge. You can play Sienar Fleet Systems on it (explained in depth below) and your opponent can’t deploy there. With Carida or Rendili the opponent can deploy to that system and move to Ralltiir, which is a pain. 


Characters (22)
Emperor Palpatine  x2 - This guy is the most important character in the deck. And why not, he’s the Emperor. When he’s at a Ralltiir site, you can deploy your Royal Guards to anywhere on the planet. He’s also the character you should sit at the Prefict’s Office to get the power and forfeit bonus.

Guri - Not in here for ground pound, although you could use her for that if you need to. She in here because she’s evil on her ship, the Stinger. For 2 force you get add a battle destiny. That’s just wrong. 

Janus Greejatus - This guy’s tech in any deck, but even more in this one. Not only does he have his tracking text, but he adds 1 to Force drain when at same site as Emperor. 

Kir Kanos - His ”use 1 force or send me to Used pile” text is a little annoying, but I try not to deploy him unless I am going to battle w/ him that turn. He’s a monster w/ a Force Pike, so save one for him (or redeploy it on him from someone else).  

Lieutenant Arnet - This guy is in here for one reason and one reason only Arconas. People in my area are starting to use them in a variety of decks, and they can kill this deck if I don’t pack a way to kill their text. I thought about Dark Strike/Sniper, but I like this better since if they don’t have a Houjix it’s a good swift beatdown. 

Lord Vader  x2 - I added Vader mostly so I wouldn’t be killed by I Can Save Him’s ”lose 2 unless Vader’s escorting Luke” text. I chose Lord Vader since UFury is still a pain, and MWYHL decks still pack it. Plus he’s a monster w/ his saber. He’s also a leader, so if the Emperor is hiding in your deck you can put him at the Prefict’s Office to add to your Guards.

Myn Kyneugh - This guy is the man. You may be looking at this deck, thinking of your old Ralltiir deck saying, ”There’s no AT-STs. It’s lost a major strength - reacting.” WRONG This guy right here allows your other Guards to react to him for FREE. He’s also a machine with a Force Pike, so put one on him. 

Prince Xizor - As with Guri, not for ground pound, but for space. He’s a little more expensive then she is (4), but you still get the added destiny. 

Quarren  x3 - Now these guys are pure tech. They allow Imperials to deploy to same site reguardless of deployment restrictions. This is great if you can’t seem to find your Emperor, and if you see an opprotunity to lay a beatdown somewhere else (although I don’t recommend it) you can use them for that purpose also.

Royal Guard  x10 - These babies are the muscle of your deck. Don’t forget about their text when w/ the Emperor. He can’t be targeted by weapons unless all other Royal Guards (incluing unique ones) present are hit.


Starships (8)
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth - Should be a no-brainer by now.

Dengar In Punishing One - Also a no-brainer, but deserves a little explaination. He’s anti-swarm deck, in case anyone’s forgotten. He adds one to your destiny total for each other ship present. That in concert with In The Hands Of The Empire adding 3 will make for a big ouch.

Stinger - Guri’s ship. Good forfeit fodder if you can’t find her or if she’s needed on the ground.

The Emperor’s Shield - Power 6 when at Ralltiir and Emperor is at a related location.

The Emperor’s Sword - Power 6 when at Ralltiir and Emperor is at a related location.

Vengeance - I had been using the Devestator when I first made this deck since it’s power +1 and moves for free at Ralltiir (one bit of tech that’s not included in this deck). But then I started to get annoyed by its TIE capacity. Only 4. That can’t hold both squadrons. So I looked for all the ships that could hold 6 or more, and there aren’t many. Vengeance, Executor, and Flagship Executor. Both versions of the Executor are expensive, and if it’s ever lost from table (and in many cases I would be tempted to lose it over some of my other ships) then the DB goes with it. The Vengeance has a few things going for it. It’s cheaper than either Executor, it can hold both squadrons, and it makes the squadrons forfeit 12 when present Awesome

Virago - Xizor’s ship. Good forfeit fodder if you can’t find him or if he’s needed on the ground.

Zuckuss In Mist Hunter - Now here’s a no-brainer. Good for beatdowns, especially if the opponent just drops Tantive IV and some ability 2 pilot to Ralltiir for a little fun.


Interrupts (4)
Defensive Fire & Hutt Smooch  x2 - This card is too good. You can cycle it if your opponent isn’t dropping Undercover spies to your planet. If they are, capture them. Just remember you need a warrior to capture. I once had to move a Royal Guard over to the Prefict’s Office just because the only people there were the Emperor and Janus.

Evader & Monnok - This is my Revolution defense. Yes you heard me right - REVOLUTION. It’s still played. There’s enough people in my area still packing it to warrent using 1, but not enough for it to make sense to add in more. The combo’s better than the original for sake of versatility.

Prepared Defenses - Duh.


Effects (12)
Expand The Empire - This is a great card that no one seems to use anymore. Place it on the Forest. It should be your center site, so then all of your characters on the planet will be immune to attrition.

Imperial Arrest Order - Starting effect. Only 1 character gets a forfeit bonus, but you can pull out your docking bays, plus it screws over Nabrum.

Mobilization Points - Starting effect. Lets you pull Wakeelmui (or Kuat if you pulled Wak in your opening draw). However, in most cases you will not be using it for added generation at docking bays. 

Overseeing It Personally - This card is just mean. Adds one to drains at sites related to the Emperor’s site. It doesn’t add to one to same site, but that’s what Janus is for.

Presence Of The Force - This is mainly to put on Ralltiir if Battle Plan is starting to hurt. It can obviously be played anywhere, but this is what it’s in here for.

Reactor Terminal - No-brainer, but deserves a little explaination. While on the flip side, if you don’t find a card you want when you search your deck, pull something and stick it right back.

Resistance - This card is very important. It esentially limits the opponent’s drains to 2. It’s also your defense against Never Tell Me The Odds and Anger Fear Aggresion.

Search And Destroy - The card kills dedicated Hidden Base, WYS w/o lots of characters and MWYHL. That should be reason enough to use it. 

Sienar Fleet Systems - This card introduces something that almost no other Ralltiir deck has ever seen - retrieval. Before DS2, there was no practical use for this card in a Ralltiir deck since you needed to get the system, then the effect, and then use a significant number to TIEs to make the whole thing worth while. Needless to say, no one did this. Now that Wakeelmui can be pulled first turn and there are squadrons that don’t need to replace other TIEs, you only need to pull SFS to set it up. Retrieve 3 when you deploy a squadron, lose it to used pile (12 in forfeit if with Vengeance), then redeploy it next turn with In The Hands Of The Empire. Lather, rinse, repeat.

Something Special Planned For Them - This is in here since there’s a lot of people in my area playing Watch Your Step w/ Kessel Run and w/o Outrider. There are also a fair number of people playing Our Most Desparate Hour, which is also a pain to deal with. This will also place those retreiving interrupts that pop up every now and then out of play (All Wings, Nar Shadda, On/Off The Edge, Noble Sac). And I do use 1 Star Destroyer, so I might have the opprotunity to use that function of this card also.

There Is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement - Starting effect. There are just too many good effects in here that aren’t immune to Alter to not start this card. Plus my grappler plays for free.

There’ll Be Hell To Pay - Try to catch something really annoying like Organized Attack, Hyper Escape, or Rebel Barrier. Don’t grapple All Wings, but you might want to grapple Nar Shadda. Anything else that may annoy you can always be grappled too. 


Weapons (4)
Force Pike  x2 - These things are crazy good, especially on the unique Royal Guards. But even on the non-uniques they’re good, especially in the early game.

Vader’s Lightsaber - What is there to say? Vader’s a monster with his saber.

Objective (1)
Ralltiir Operations/In The Hands Of The Empire - Duh.



Okay, if you’re still with me, thanks for reading this far. If you’re not with me... uh, then you’re not reading this so who cares. I’ll go through the matchups now. The following assumes that they are NOT using Ounee Ta. Below the matchups is a little blurb on why that card doesn’t bug be too much.

Vs. EBO - Pretty easy game. Get Resistance out ASAP. This will help you in the drain race. Set up your own drains at the 3 Ralltiir sites. Arnet will stop Arconas, and Hutt Smooch will stop the spies. If they’re playing with Bothuwai you’ll have to go over there with your ships before you can Smooch. Pick and choose your battles. If they’re trying to trap you with Order To Engage, go to Ralltiir where your TIE squadrons will be the most powerful. Then drop a Royal Guard to a ship as a passenger so you’ll add one more to your destiny draws. You should be able to win this matchup pretty easily do to superior drains and/or a beatdown on an Arcona. 

Vs. Hidden Base w/ OMDH - That card’s a pain, but you can still win. You’re draining him for 7 a turn if all goes well (Janus, Overseeing, Vader’s saber), 8 if you drop PotF on the planet or a site. Get Something Special ASAP so they’ll only be able to retrieve 3 times or so. Get out Expand The Empire quickly too, since this will mean they have to outpower your power 4 a piece Guards. Myn should be at the forest with maybe one Guard or a Quarren. React to his site with the rest of your Guards if they come down there. The Prefict’s Office should have Emperor, Vader and Janus. Come down with Guri and Xizor if you have to, otherwise keep them in space. Your superior destiny and drains will trash them.

Vs. Hidden Base/Mains - Very common, and pretty easy to beat. They usually only play with a few aliens (Harc, Tawss, Melas) so the +2 to deploy will hurt. Pretty much play the same way as above except Something Special shouldn’t be a priority. 

Vs. MWYHL Testing - This is actually a pretty hard matchup, just because it will be slow. Well, your modifers are dead, so Overseeing won’t do jack. If they start Battle Plan put PotF at Ralltiir so you don’t have to pay 9 force to drain for 3. Get out Search And Destroy ASAP. This will be your primary way to deal damage. Eventually if he wants to win he’ll have to come to Ralltiir, or at least deploy somewhere to satisfy S+D. Remember, Honor Of The Jedi does jack versus this deck. If he waits until he’s done testing you should be well set up. If he rushes to deploy because of S+D then you should be able to smack him around real good. Get out Something Special since lots of these decks pack On The Edge to retrieve 6 per turn with a 7 on test 5. I don’t see many of these decks so they might be harder than I think, but I can’t see them doing too much damage. 

Vs. MWYHL w/o Testing - I see even less of these but I figured I’d mention them. Overseeing works (woo hoo) so that’s cool. They’re attrition will be -2 with Yoda at his Hutt, but you’ll be adding 3 so it doesn’t matter too much. Retrieve at least 6 with your Squardons so you’ll have a fresh supply of Royal Guards to beat him up with. Shouldn’t be too difficult. 

Vs. WYS - I don’t like these decks one bit. But everyone seems to be playing them now so I have to mention the matchup. Start with Something Special instead of TiNT/OE. His drain at Kessel will be 2 with Objective/Resistance. Something Special will trash his Kessel Runs (if he’s not playing Outrider). You’re only generating 1 at each non-BG location (except Wak if Kuat on table) so you won’t be hurt by that too much. This is where your SFS/Squadrons/Vengeance will help a lot, since they’ll get an extra destiny. With those forfeit 12 squadrons popping up every turn, you’ll be able to keep his forces at bay. Also if they don’t put anything on the ground, S+D will hurt them heaps. If it’s a ground deck, perhaps a Havest or Celebration deck, you’ll play a little differently. Something Special will kill Harvest. Your drains will beat the Celebration retreival. His drains will be for nothing at all locations except the Cantina, Jundland Wastes (if he uses it), and where Luke’s got his saber so he won’t be causing you too much damage.

Vs. Rescue The Princess - Not a whole lot of unique characters in here. Stick Royal Guards out the wazoo with the Emperor so he can’t be hit (now THAT would suck). At the site next to that stick Myn so you can react there. Vader will be hard to get rid of, even harder with his saber. They’ll probably get rid of Janus if they battle at the Emperor’s site. In the early game you’ll want to pull S+D, since alot of these decks rely on 8D8 to pull Leia out. Set up Resistance cuz Prisoner 2187’s got that add 2 to drain text. Your drains will be higher than his, and your destiny will take out a lot of his characters, especially if you can get your Force Pikes on the unique guards (makes them harder to hit too). I don’t see these often either (only good one I’ve seen up here belongs to Josh Radke, and half the time he’s a TD and isn’t playing), so I don’t have a big prefabricated stategy for playing against it.

Vs. Ops - Eww. If anyone still plays it that is. You’ll both be draining for 1 when flipped, and unless he’s playing with additional characters (and not just speeders) S+D will burn him all game. Retrieve at least 6 with SFS, and don’t deploy your capital ships if you can avoid it, since Landing Claw will probably give an appearance. I haven’t seen one of these since pre-DS2, and I don’t think a comeback is too likely.

Vs. RST - Well here’s an interesting matchup. You might think that this would be the one deck that can beat me but it’s not. Setup on the ground as usual. Get SFS out and drop your ships to Endor. Control the system at all costs. You should be able to since you can keep cycling your forfeit 12 TIEs around. Also remember that the Shield is power +3 at Endor. Once you control the system their drains will be toast almost everywhere (remember that although I lose no more than 1 from their drains, if the original drain is 2, my card knocks it down first and then his knocks it; so a drain at the Back Door will still be for 1). Your drains will bite them all game long. Dropping PotF at one of your sites will be a good idea in this game.

Vs. Profit - Tough game. It’ll be a race to the finish line. Please, don’t be an idiot. Do NOT deploy Xizor to the AC, please You should be able to get set up by turn 4 with Overseeing. If the opponent is smart they’ll release when their lost pile has 10 cards (or 5 if they’ve got a power 4 Han in there). This means you won’t be losing to their direct damage right away. You should get set up with drains of 3, 3, and 2 on the ground. He might be packing Battle Plan and Landing Claws, so if he is put PotF on Ralltiir and drop starfighters and squadrons there. Even if you only can deploy them once, the 6 you get back from SFS will help. Hid drains won’t be too good. He’ll probably be draining you for 1-2 through the use of Cantina and/or sabers. His Profit damage will be for 6 or so. Your drains will be for 9, and you get 6 back with SFS. You’ll probably win by 10 or less. Now, if they come to Ralltiir you may win by more, since you should be able to bash their mains with your superior destiny. This will decrease the direct damge you receive. Fortunately not too many people play Profit anymore because of the popularity of so many Scum and Villany decks, but there’s bound to be a rogue deck every now and then. 

Vs. Agents In The Court - Okay, first of all, Eloms will NOT kill me. I’ll explain. With Tanus at the AC the Eloms will become power 5 when present w/ an Imperial, and forfeit 4. They will deploy for the same 3 to Ralltiir since they’re not a Rebel (free with Ounee Ta). This might seem back, but think of this. Your Royal Guards are power 4 forfeit 4. You’ll have Force Pikes to add destinies, and you’ll be adding 3 to your destiny. In every battle you’ll take out at least 2 Eloms (and that’s w/o shooting at any of them), whereas they’ll probably only take out one Guard (they’ll draw an Elom for destiny, your guards are 4 forfeit). SFS will only retreive you 6 in this game, almost guarunteed since almost none of these decks pack space. Now, if they’re packing Chandra-Fans the game just got a little easier, since they’re only power 3 and you’re power 4. Jawas? Please. Their drains will be for one a piece with Tessek, without him they’ll be for nothing almost everywhere. You’ll be draining big if they don’t come to you, so you shouldn’t have a problem. 

Vs. QMC - I’ve heard this deck type can be made pretty nasty, but I’ve never had to play one that was that good, thankfully. Play this one a lot like RST since it flips when you control the system. If they’re packing X-wing swarm, grapple Organized Attack, and keep on cycling your squadrons around. They can’t target your Squadrons w/ X-wing Cannons, so they’ll be safe. Your drains will be big, and depending on what he’s got down and whether he’s flipped or not, his drains will probably not be too big, especially with you retrieving 3 everytime your squadrons come down. I’ve seen 1-2 players around here who play this, so I’m drawing from what I’ve seen. 

Vs. There Is Good In Him - Get Vader to where Luke’s at ASAP. Move him to Ralltiir w/ DB as stated above. He won’t win too many battles since you’ll have cheaper characters that all have 4 in power. When you do get a chance to drain it’ll hurt, since most of these decks have no way to retrieve. This deck type is probably the most likely to pack a couple of Revos since they like the idea of a Revo at a 1/0 DB, then a beatdown of the scrub generating extra force there. Evader will come in handy when they try to Revo Forest w/ Expand The Empire or the Ralltiir system. I playtested versus a friend’s TIGIH deck that I’d always had trouble beating. I went 6-2. The two loses were the first two times I played it (in fact it was the first two times I ever played this deck, so I wasn’t so sure of every little detail yet), with many of the cards you now see not being in the deck. 

New Age Throne Room - This is the only non-Objective non-EBO deck I ever see now, so it’s the only one I’ll give any mention to. Those people who play SAC will find themselves in some pain, since HotJedi will do nothing to stop the damage. If they start to play It Could Be Worse you should probably grapple it. First turn he’ll only generate 2, so he can’t to much to hurt you. This may be the one deck that can get to you effectively before you flip. However, they will not be able to get to you in space in most cases, and that is key. You should be able to flip, even if you have to put someone in front of a massive amount of characters and run away (watch out for Barrier; be prepared to deploy/move/react with reinforcements if need be) or drop the 4th site. Once you flip get your unique Royal Guards out w/ Force Pikes and battle him. I believe it was Hayes Hunter who put up some sort of TRM deck that had Kessel to drain w/ Launching The Assault to drain for 4. Clever, but I’ll have that down to 2 with Resistance. Battle Plan? PotF on Ralltiir. Generation problems? Pull Kuat with flip text first thing, but you shouldn’t be having too many problems in that department. Expand The Empire will help heaps in this matchup since they’ll be using 2-3 of each EPP and probably some destiny adding interrupts. Battle damage you can deal with; 40 attrition is rough. You’ll be draining and the opponent will not be, which is your advantage. If he’s not deploying early get out S+D to make him come down to play. Seems like I’m pretty good on this matchup, so don’t worry about it.

Vs. Brentson’s HB + DB drain deck - Those of you who play where I’m at know what I’m talking about. Hmm. This is a tough one, mostly because of the opponent. His drains will never get above 2, so the days of worrying about sabers and I’ll Take The Leader are over. Most of the time he’ll have drains of one. Take your ships to Tatooine Very important. He starts Menace Fades, and that will kill your drains if you don’t make sure he doesn’t control a BG system. If you get your TIE/Vengeance combo set up go for it, otherwise watch out. Also, you should not go over there w/o an extra destiny since Wedge will be making an appearance. He’ll have 3 places where he’ll want to deploy (space, Ralltiir, Tat) so he’ll be spread pretty thin. He’s always a touch matchup, but if you play at your best you might *MIGHT* squeak it out.

Vs. Any of the above strategies + speeders - If they’re playing Rebel Speeders, they’ll equal your power, but their forfeit is 2 per speeder. They’ll have to lose tons of speeders every battle. If they’re playing Sand or Snow Speeders, they’re have power 5 and forfeit 4. That seems to be very similar to Eloms. =) And those power levels are with Maneuvering Flaps, so if they want to move they’ll be even weaker. These decks don’t usually have any way to add battle destiny, so you shouldn’t have any problems beating them. 


And now, what you’ve all been waiting for, the explaination of why Ounee Ta will not hurt me. Well, actually, I lied, it does hurt me. But first of all, honestly, who uses this card? I read another post-JPSD Ralltiir post that said they thought that 1 in every 3 decks used it. I think that’s a little too many. I’d say that at the local tournaments I attend that 1 in 6 use it, at best. Let me put it this way. Before I made this deck, I had not seen it hit the table, or be lost to a drain, or be drawn for destiny in any game I have played since JPSD came out. That is why I made this deck, since people do not expect Ralltiir anymore. Now listen to this. I brought it to a tourney, played against a deck that used Ounee Ta and speeders, and lost by 29. Yes, that hurt. But I finished 2nd on the day (runner up to Steve Brentson, what do you want people?) If people pack this card in your area, either switch in things like Imperial Barrier and Projected Telepathy so the opponent has a harder time coming down hard on you OR don’t play this deck This is deck isn’t for everyone. If you don’t like the idea of one card being able to swing a game then don’t play this deck. Go make another boring BHBM or Hunt Down POS instead. But RalOps is a deck that can still win. Period.

Some cards I’d love to add in
Intensify The Forward Batteries - This card would be great with my Royal Guards. They’d be defense value +2, forfeit +1, and deploy -1. Awesome Plus I can knock my opponent’s AO off the table. One reason why it’s not in here is that I have to occupy a BG system to put it down, and w/o PotF on one of my systems I don’t have any.

Imbalance - More tech for you. When the opponent retrieves force, they must lose X force, where X is half of amount of force retreived, round up. This would further hurt stuff like OMDH and Kessel Run. I don’t use it since I have some retrieval protection already (Something Special) and when the opponent’s not playing retrieval it’s more or less worthless. 

I Had No Choice - Yet even more tech. Deploy this on Dash Rendar to cancel his gametext. Then, in battle, use 3 force and he’s excluded. Wow Not in here since it has to be put on a gambler, and there’s really only 4 in the game that are any good (EPP Han, any Lando, Dash, and Figrin). 

Asteroid Field - Huh? Yup Deploy it to Ralltiir if your opponent isn’t coming into space or if it’s late in the game and you’re going to win (like always). Move your squadrons in there, let the asteroids smash them, and send them to used pile. Then redeploy them with flipped text, and retrieve 3. Not bad eh? Not in here since there’s just no room for it. 

Force Pike +1 - I’d like to add in one more.

There’ll Be Hell to Pay +1 - Same here.

Dark Jedi Presence - Good card. Never played with. Sounds alot like most of the cards in here. =)

This deck is downright good. Period. No questions asked. It takes practice since Ralltiir is a fairly hard deck to play with. But with practice and patience you can make it win for you too. Have fun, and thanks for reading, I know it’s long =)

Andrew ”Gadget” Ledwith    '