---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "The Rattler" Schiemer
title: ! "Mike Schiemers WYS"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-20
description: ! 'My version of the popular and powerful WYS objective.Extra power in space and decent ground power. Fun interrupts to play from lost pile.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(10)

WYS objective
tatoine
ta. db
cantina
HFTMF
insurrection
squadron assignments
aim high(vs ties and scum)
Ounee tah(vs. rops)
Staging areas(vs. everything else)

Locations(3)

Kessel
H1 db
echo db

Characters(17 )
3x jedi luke
2x captain han
2x dash
3x palace raiders
chewie protector
melas
mirax
talon karde
red 10 smuggler pilot
wedge antilles
lando w/gun

Starships(5)
2x falcon 
outrider
pulsar skate
red 10

Vehicles(2)
2x skiff

Weapons(2)
2x luke’s saber

AO’s(2)
2x i’ll take the leader

Interrupts(17)
3x on the edge
lost in the wilderness
punch it
barrier
run luke run
clash
3x OOC/TT
2x control+tunnel vision
2x fallen portal
signal
nar shadda wind chimes

Effects(2)
OTE
legendary starfighter









'

Strategy: '

    This deck’s strategy is not vey different from other WYS decks. You set up your matching ships and pilots at kessel and tatooine for draining and then you strengthen a site on the ground with luke and smugglers. This deck’s main difference from most WYS decks is that it is stronger in space with falcon, outrider, pulsar skate and red 10.If they come at you in space you will have plenty of forfeit and you will kick their ass.You probably won if you get down legendary starfighter. It is strong on the ground with palace raiders and skiffs and other random smugglers. 
       Once the objective is flipped you can play all your crazy interrupts from lost pile.Clash, punch it, fallen portal and barrier work well with OTE. Control/tunnel vision and lost in the wilderness help cancel drains, help you get what you need, or make some people missing. OOC/TT deal with HDADTJ and are good for tracking. Signal helps you get your effects and on the edges give you late game retrieval. OTE will usually guarantee you to play legendary starfighter with your huge and multiple destines.

   The matchup strategy is pretty obvious. 

Vs. ties you should spread out at your tat. sites and maybe their DS sites. Get your ships set up and force them into a legendary starfighter or big attrition. Your AO’s, aim high, and recurring interrupts will dominate. 

Vs HD you should do regular strategy except be more carful on the ground. Either wait until your deck’s destiny is stacked or if you have run luke run before you deploy luke. Make sure he has his saber. You will win because your opponent will be too worried about your drain of 3 at kessel to full concentrate on dueling luke. Visage should almost always be dead and they will generate little at their sites when your obj. is flipped.

Vs BHBM you should keep  put luke at the H1 db for extra staging areas generatiion until vader is out. They qwill lose 1 every turn and your drains at kessel will hurt.Be careful on the ground and only commit strong or late in the game to ground. 

Vs scum you should destroy. All you have to worry about in space is bounty hunter and EU ships. Those are no problem to beat even with their guri crap or multiple destiny.Your recurring interupts will work wonders.Aim high and OOC/TT will slow or prevent their retrieval and cards such as skiffs w/palce raiders and run luke run will make battling on ground harder. Not the easiest match but you have good late game cards and you should win.

Cards I want to add
Wedges DSII ship
all my urchins
another skiff

Thanks for reading and rate fairly.  '