---
layout: post
author: Reggie "Harkov" Martin
title: 'Sunsdown On Tatooine For Fun & Profit'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-07-05
description: 'This is your average Profit deck with Sunsdown/spies instead of, say, podracing. Why? Because no one expects it and free characters are yummy!'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (8):

YCEPFT/OBD
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Ultimatum
Ounee Ta
The Camp
Tatooine: Jabba’s Palace
Tatooine: Audience Chamber
Han Solo

Other Locations (7):

Tatooine x2
Tatooine: Cantina x2
Tatooine: Mos Eisley x2
Tatooine: Obi Wan’s Hut

Characters (20):

Ben Kenobi x2
Master Luke x2
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Lando With Vibro-Ax (spy) x2
Han With Heavy Blaster Pistol
Boushh (spy) x2
Chewbacca, Protector x2
Corran Horn (spy)
Tycho Celchu (spy)
Lieutenant Blount (spy)
Colonel Cracken (spy)
Commander Vanden Willard (spy)
B’omarr Monk
2X-3KPR x2 (nighttime droid)

Starships (3):

Tantive IV
Spiral
Red Leader In Red 1

Weapons (3):

Anakin’s Saber
Obi-Wan’s Saber
Leia’s Blaster Rifle

Interrupts (15):

The Signal
Old Ben x2
Nabrun Leids x2
SATM & Blaster Proficiency
Clash Of Sabers
Gift Of The Mentor
Armed And Dangerous
Someone Who Loves You
Jedi Presence x2
Sense x2
Alter

Effects (4):

Traffic Control
Lightsaber Proficency
Nightfall x2 

Strategy: 

Okay first of all I know Qui-Gon would be good but he’s on my want list. Maybe he will be in a later version of this deck. (As might Luke’s Lightsaber)

This deck is much like my successful dark deck, the main instrument to my success being the Nightfall/Spies combo. Let’s examine the characters I chose who deploy for FREE: Master Luke is a no brainer (and can be replaced with Jedi for free), Lando W/Ax is a Tatooine beast, Boushh is decent and can swing a saber, Corran is awesome, Cracken is cool, and the other rebel spies are decent. I could also consider Han Solo to deploy for free.

Also good are Ben Kenobi (saves Han) and Chewbacca Protector (Deploys for 2 to Boushh). 

The plan of battle is to use Nightfall (did I say sunsdown? I meant nightfall) and deploy a beatdown squad at once employing the droid and Jedi Presence, easily transforming the aging Commander Vanden Willard into a bloodlusted power 8 monster. Best of all, they all deploy for free so I can unload all at once. This is easiest when they come to you, but you can also preform the same trick at Raltirr, Endor, or any site with Nabrun (yes he can be canceled but he’s great if they aren’t using IAO).

I include lots of battle tricks like Clash Of Sabers to increase the damage.

Minimal starships are there for an endgame counterattack.

Though I can’t really play either Menace Fades or Battle Plan very well, Ultimatum is a decent alternative. The Mos Eisley/Cantina duo is still good.

Basically I go for either an early flip or wait to retrieve my force and save Han right; it depends on what I draw. Then it’s either attack someone with a nighttime surprise or attempt to outdrain my opponent if he is big blue or whatever. Though I get good direct damage, it’s difficult to beat a SFS or Hunt Down deck. Fortunately, I have never seen a local Hunt Down deck!

Whatever happens, I consider the most powerful element of my deck to be the originality. Most people won’t expect nightfall / spies, nor do most people understand how powerful this is. I consider my dark side version of this deck more potent but I hope to do well in an upcoming tournament!

Thanks for rating my deck, 
Admiral Harkov  