---
layout: post
author: Eric "punkrockert8" Deluca
title: 'Hunt Down, and beat down the opponent'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-14
description: ! 'This deck is not the typical hunt down that we are all used to see with the dueling stuff.  After Reflections II came out, I realized that most of the dark side characters kick butt. So this is a Dark Side BEat Down deck.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'STARTING (8)

Hunt down objective
Executor-Holotheatre
Executor-Meditation Chamber
Visage of the Emperor
Prepared Defenses
Mobilization Point
Imperial Arrest Order
There Is No Try/Oppressive Enforcement

LOCATIONS (5)

Carida
Death Star Docking Bay
Tatooine Docking Bay
Cloud City Docking Bay
Endor Docking Bay

CHARACTERS (24)

Commander Merrejk
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Arica
Admiral Ozzel
Commander Igar
Moff Jerjerrod
Grand Moff Tarkin
Sim Aloo
Lord Vader x4
Guri
Admiral Chiraneau
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Captain Gilad Pellaeon
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba
Captain Sarkli
Emperor Palpatine
Janus Greejatus
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Snoova
4-Lom With Confusion Rifle
Prince Xizor
Dannik Jerriko

VEHICLES (7)

Boba Fett in Slave 1
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Executer
Chimaera
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2

WEAPONS (3)

Vader’s Lightsaber x2
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

EFFECTS (4)

Search and Destroy
Secrest Plans
Visage of the Emperor
Lateral Damage

INTERRUPTS (8)

Put All Sections On Alert
Ommni Box
Force Lightning
Weapon Levitation
Sniper & Dark Strike
Shoking Revelation
Twl’lek Advisor
Masterful Move
'

Strategy: '

The strategy of the deck is easy, just deploy characters and start your beat down.  I would have liked to put presents of the force in the deck but i don’t own any so to bad, this because after i get control of a site i cna force drain for more then one. I also wanted to put the combo card ommni box/it is worst, but i don’t ahve that either, so as soon i get them they are going in.
the deck works the same against all of other deck types.  Search for carida at first and then search for DBs and deploy stuff to kill your opponent. Below i will explain how to play agianst specific deck types.

Monkey X-wings

this is really easy.  Usually people who play this type of deck don’t play many characters, if they play them at all. so get your DBs out and play search and destroy, if you do this fast you can force drain him for a little and make him lose cards from search and visage. After he flips, just go in spece and kill him.You should be able to activate enough force by now to put a really bed beat down. Against this type of deck, i suggest to search for the Executer not Carida, because you don’t have to wait to long to start beating him down.

EBO

Here is pretty much the same strategy as before, try to get search out and then beat him up in space with the Executor, Super Chimaera, and the Bounty ships.  On the ground is gonna be more hard because this time the opponent will probably have characters, but don’t worry, you have enough characters to hadle it.

Kessel Run

Here just try to put search out, and secret plans.  Don’t worry about his retreval, is not a big deal. Just make sure you give him a hard time in space. '