---
layout: post
author: ! Matthew "Master^Matt" Twaddle
title: ! "Train Madine"
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-08-01
description: ! 'train madine and beatdown and stop drains in there tracks.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting
MWYHL/SYIC
Dagobah
Heading For The Medical
Wise Advice
Battle Plan
Strike Planning

Locations
Dagobah Yoda’s Hut
Dagobah Swamp
Dagobah Jungle
Dagobah Training Area
Tatooine City Outskirts x2
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Tosche Station

Characters
Yoda
Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout
Luke with lightsaber
Obi-Wan with lightsaber x2
Lando with Blaster Pistol
Dos
General Crix Madine
Qui-Gon Jinn
Chewbacca, Protector
General Solo
Padm’e Naberrie
Lieutenant Blount
Cracken

Interrupts
Glancing Blow
Weapon Levitation
Sense & Recoil In Fear
The Bith Suffle & Desperate Reach
Out of Commission & Transmission Terminated x2
Transmission Terminated x2
On the Edge x2
The Signal x2
A Jedi’s Resilience x2

Effects
Projection Of A Skywalker x2
Stone Pile x2
Undercover x2
I hope She’s All Right
Yoda’s Hope
Traffic Cntrol
The Way Of Things

Jedi Tests
1 to 5

Weapons
Luke’s Skywalker
Qui-Gon Jinn Lightsaber
Ewok Catapult '

Strategy: '

Okay this is a good OLD Dagobah Deck im Training Crix other than 
luke or leia as they are much better beating down with.
My starting effects i choose Battle Plan well to slow there 
drains down while i wait for a site or something to beatdown with.
Striking planning is so i can start traing grab my crix. 
Wise advice is so i add one to desting draws for training.

My starting plan is to grab training area deploy yoda and yoda’s 
hope there and pull test one and if enough force play crix as well.
by the second turn i have the test one on table and ready for desting 
draw next turn. im also pulling test every turn with training area.
And complete test after test to test 5. if you ask why train crix 
well because i can pull my two scouts cracken and blount and play 
undercover on them. Which will either kill a huntdown or stop a drain 
for good. Stone piles are a great card i have pulled some gun crads 
with this and also cut out mara or vader from the game if they dont 
play mutilpiles. Projections are to stop big drains or even eliminate 
big drains.The signal grabs my effects. A jedi’s resilience major kick
arse card. Text of card that i like cancel a duel by losing 1 force and 
if you just lost a character with a lightsaber take him into hand. 
Not bad Not bad at all. Weapon levitation steal weapon or grab weapon 
for say Qui-Gon at the city outskirts or cantina.I know 4 transmission 
terminated is pushing but huntdown is a big deck in my section of play, 
and with hoonet tranmission i could have some trouble.
On the edge is main retriving card. sense well cancel a interrupt. 
Bith suffle combo is mainly to stop imperial barrier which i dont need
played when i beatdown with luke with lightsaber
and obi with saber. Glancing blow well basically win a duel or make 
vader power zero. My location selection is a tosche station i cant 
actviate heaps of force and pay to drain. Cantina nice drain site.
City outskirts is too pull jedi probably luke or qui-gon i also play 
two so i can get it early hopefully.
The way of things is a card to get before test 2 complete or  just 
when its complete so i can complete test 3 straight away.
I hope she’s alright is in there if i play a full space deck i can 
play that and lose for for not having a character at a battleground site.
Traffic control well put cards you dont want. and ewok catapult for test 5.

Against other decks.

Hunt down
well i cancel visage so i cant just beatdown on there @#$%.
blount or ckacken will stop the reappear or visage or if 
they keep on playing holonet tranmission.

Court
well beat it like a @#$% just breakdown there drains and beatdown.

isb
bonusues cancelled i would just have to watch for sandwhirls.
or walkers.

Black sun
Never played it before i would just see how they were playing it.
i guess try and get rid or xzior.

Space
i get them to lose from i hope she’s all right for not having a ground force and it would just be a drain race.

Ral ops
i would have to go there and beatdown with epps-)


well i think thats it i cant think of any other decks at the moment.
i hope you like and i would like to thank luca for the help.

Thanks .Master^Matt.


'