---
layout: post
author: Nathan "Xavier Six" Cardamone
title: 'You Can Either... On Second Thought Just Be Destroyed!'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-04-06
description: ! 'This is a fighting/direct damage profit deck. There are two versions I play(one with destiny adders the other with OTE,FPs, and AMO. I like destinies so this is the earlier of the two.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)

YCEPBT/OBD
TatJP
JP AC
HFTMF
(varies)
Staging Areas
Insurrection
Chasm or Strike Planning
Han w/b or Gen Han

Locations (4)

HO DB
DB 97
 DB
Tatooine

Characters (21)

Gen Solo
Gen Crix
Chew the Pro
Chew of K
Leia w/
Daughter of S
Master L
Jedi L
Obi wan
Ben K
Gen Cal
Lando w/v
Admiral Ack
Major Haash’n
Wedge RSL
DASH
Nien Numb
Tawss Khaa
Corran Horn
Artoo
Threepio

Starships (5)

Home One
Liberty
Outrider
Gold S1
RS1

Weapons/Devices (5)

Luke’s Saber
Obi’s Saber
A’s Saber
Chewie’s Bow
Obi’s Journal

Admiral’s Order (1)

Capital Support

Effects (10) 

A Gift
Strike Planning
Tatooine Celebration (of course?)
Menace Fades
Lightsaber Pro
Reflection
Bo Shuda
Leg Starfighter
Advantage
Goo Nee Tay

Interupts (6)

Life Debt
Don’t Get @#$%y
I Know
Gift of the Mentor
Punch It
Weapon Lev 
'

Strategy: '

I heard someone call "Profit" weak... I think they are nuts. This deck has serious killing potential on land and in space. I agree you do have to play it conservatively, but this deck does win quite a bit.

Techs/Combos

Gift-Threepio-Artoo... if you don’t understand this don’t play this deck

Gen Cal-Nien Numb-GS1-Leg SF-Punch It... Strong space and protection from tie cannons and Cal can be pulled with Strike Planning if need be. Save Punch It for a foolish opponent’s assault. Legendary Starfighter ups the ante even more

Liberty-Haash’n-Home One-Ackbar... More strong space and tie cannon protection. Ackbar can pull either haash’n or Capital Support. Haash’n stops Lateral Damage while you guard Tatooine Celebration

Wedge-RS1-Dash-Outrider... okay backup on land and absolutely cool in space

Crix... More capital Support Damage and if you get Chewie’s Bow and no Protector in hand you can pull Chew of K for a bit higher deploy

Capital Support... deploy character as pilot to capital ship shuttle them down to surface for cheaper deploys... Liberty get immunity to attrition and Home One become dang near permanent... You have Gen Cal, Crix, Solo, and Obi Wan for direct damage

Corran Horn-Tawss Khaa... Mara, Jabba, and bounty hunter fighters. nice backup for your mains

Advantage... If they lose vader or the emperor this hurts alot

Chasm... Dark side uses alot of doubles these days and I don’t... them getting zeroes and losing force is nice

Chewie’s Bowcaster... It’s basicaly Chewie’s lightsaber sans force drains adder

Destiny Adders... duh they add destinies and have can be useful for what they can pull as well

Mains and Toys Fighting and Direct Damage from the objective use Weapon Lev used to pull the toys, it’s also great for canceling a well timed you are beaten.

Tatooine Celebration and Reflection... My only source of retrival and neither can be grabbed. Reflection is for late game retrival against tough match-ups

Note

Don’t get greedy after you flip keep your mains spreed on no more than three tatooine sites and be sure to back them up with others. 

Late game you may want to switch personas to Generals if your AO’s out. 

Keep six ability at every site for Xizor protection 

Remember that if they drop DLOTS to chewie’s site he is gone so back him up

Place your mains in accordance to what destiny adder or adders you have in hand

Imperial decree and Battle Order don’t affect you that much once you have flipped so don’t go off to kill a superior space force. Get to Tatooine and get Celebration up and running.

Match-ups 

Doesn’t matter make them come to you on Tatooine unless you see an easy beatdown, but be careful of baited traps.

Possible changes

Finding room for Run, Luke, Run would be nice

Have FUN     '