---
layout: post
author: ! Wes "SeaRaptor" Brown
title: ! 'I Aint In This For Your Revolution v0.1'
tags:
- Light
date: 2001-02-08
description: ! 'Non Kessel Run WYS.  A touch of what Ive seen played mixed with some of my own style.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'STARTING (4)
Watch Your Step/This Place Can Be A Little Rough
Tatooine
Tatooine Cantina
Tatooine Docking Bay 94


CHARACTERS (16)
Captain Han Solo x 2
Mirax Terrik
Talon Karrde
Wedge Antilles
Lando with Blaster Pistol x 2
Chewie with Blaster Rifle
Chewbacca, Protector
Leia with Blaster Rifle
Theron Nett
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x 2
Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout
Dash Rendar
Melas

WEAPONS (1)
Luke&#8217;s Lightsaber

STARSHIPS (6)
Millennium Falcon
Outrider
Pulsar Skate
Red 10
Red Squadron 1
Artoo in Red 5

EFFECTS (6)
Squadron Assignments (starting)
Insurrection (starting)
Staging Areas (starting)
Legendary Starfighter
Tatooine Celebration
Order to Engage

LOCATIONS (4)
Spaceport Docking Bay
Kessel
Home One Docking Bay
Tatooine Mos Eisley

INTERRUPTS (21)
A Few Maneuvers
Heading For The Medical Frigate (starting)
Houjix & Out of Nowhere
It&#8217;s A Hit x 2
I Know x 2
Don&#8217;t Underestimate Our Chances
Hyper Escape
Noble Sacrifice
Cantina Brawl
Strangle
Run Luke, Run
Punch It
Darklighter Spin
The Signal
Fallen Portal
On The Edge x 2
Out of Commission & Transmission Terminated
Sorry About The Mess & Blaster Proficiency

ADMIRAL&#8217;S ORDERS (2)
I&#8217;ll Take The Leader x 2


'

Strategy: '

My first attempt at WYS.  Any and all criticism appreciated (just keep it nice and simple). =)

Of course the strength of this deck is the ability to play interrupts from your Lost Pile, hence the large number.  I generally don’t play with this many, but the opportunity to use them can’t be passed up.  I’m new to DeckTech, but have been playing since the game was released, so I feel pretty confident in my knowledge of the cards.  Unfortunately, I haven’t been heavily in the tournament scene for some months now, and I would love input on how this would stack up against archetypes that are floating around at present.

Reasoning behind some of my card selections

--With the inclusion of I’ll Take The Leader, I wanted to maximize my potential ground drain by adding the <>Spaceport Docking Bay.  I can also pull it at the beginning of the game if necessary.  Mos Eisley is my ability to get clear of the Cantina and both docking bays in a hurry if necessary.

--Darklighter Spin is my anti-Guri card.  She wrecks my added draws in space, so with the Falcon, Red Squadron 1, and Red 5 all having a 6 base maneuver with their matching pilots, I’d like to think I could get rid of her by attrition.  A Few Maneuvers is included in the event she shows up against someone of lesser maneuver (Red 10, Skate, Outrider).

--Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout is included rather than a third copy of Jedi Knight in the event I need his vehicle game text or want to feed Luke to a BHBM deck (thus leaving those two 6 destinies floating in Reserve for later) and clear Vader out of the way.

--Cantina Brawl is a fun way to clear out the Cantina before moving back in to it.

--Noble Sacrifice is chiefly for Wedge (up to 12 if he’s with Talon).

--Don’t Underestimate Our Chances can be brutal if backed up with I Know and/or Punch It

--Tatooine Celebration is simply a way for me to try and get back a few a turn, as the system should be very difficult for my opponent to kick me off of.  It’s A Hit is in there for the same reason.

I haven’t played with this deck yet, so match-ups would be hard to predict.  I’m primarily looking for pointers or suggested changes (please include what you think I should remove, as well).

Thanks for your time

'