---
layout: post
author: ! Jason "jade" Foss
title: ! 'Ties from Hell'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-01-22
description: ! 'Tie interceptor deck that went 5-0 sat.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting
SYCFA
Death Star
Death Star docking bay
Aldaran
Pre Defences
Mobilization Points
Battle Order
Oppresive enforcment/There is no try

Locations
Kashyyk
Endor
Sullust
Kiffex
Wakeemui

Characters
Commander Marrejk[2]
Arica
U-3po

Starships
Tie Interceptor[14]
Dreadnaught Class Cruiser
Executor
Dengar In Punishing One
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Bossk In Hounds Tooth

Interupts
All Power To Whepons[4]
Short Range Fighters[2]
Gravity Shadow
Ghhk/Those rebels wont escape us[2]
Control/Set for stun
Imperial Barrier
Twilek Advisor
Relentless Pursuit

Effects
Sienar Fleet Systems[2]
Lataral Damage[2]
Secret Plans
Ability Ability Abilty
Blast Door Controls

Whepons
SFS L-s9.3 Laser Cannon[2]
'

Strategy: '

There is supposed to be 4 dreadnuaghts not 1.

Turn 1 will probaly look somthing like this. Before you activate pull wakeemuli if its already in your hand pull the executor. Activate at laest 5 force. Drop wakeemuli with sienar fleet systems. Drop a tie to the docking bay retreive pre defences, drop another to wakeemuli to protect against alter. Draw the remaining force. If you have commander merrejk deploy him to the docking bay instead andsearch for a system. From then you just adept to what they are doing. If they are playing lots of ground just put 4 ties at each system and drain the hell out of them use undercover spies to block there drains. If they come to space drop lataral damage and commence the beating. Against heavy space do your normal set up. Let them deploy first so you can see what they got. With all power to whepons and a dreadnuaght the ties are power 6 immune to attriton. If your playing x-wings laugh in there face when you say power 7 ties.

The super falcon is not a problem. All you have to do is play lataral damage and all power to whepons. so say they draw 3 destiny and they get a 12 it realy does’nt matter cause your ties are immune to attrition. The home One is a joke against this deck just lataral damage and if they have the guy that cancels it use Relentlesspursuit
and destroy them.


Matchups

HB X-Wings
Wow there gonna get there gonna die. Wait for them to deploy. When they do throw as many ties at them as you can with cannons all power to whepons and dreadnaughts you have power 7 ties. If they run away and start to drain in different spots use Gravity Shadow on the last one moving away so it has to come back baet it down and win the game. If you dont have it use dreadnaughts to chase them around. This is a easy matchup, i baet to x-wing decks on sat one by 30 the other the person packed up.

Any mains deck
Use your undercover spies to block drains. Retreive lots. Drain for lots. If they come to space baet them down. You should win watch out for the guy that breaks spies cover.

EBO
Not much to explain. Kill them in space and you win the game. If there playing with baragwins be ready for a long game.

New objective
If there playing kessel runs take control of kessel and adept to what there doing. Get beatdowns in when possible. This might be the hardest match cause they get to add destinys and play  cards like hyper escape from lost pile.  '