---
layout: post
author: ! michael "Deck" Gemme
title: ! 'The Steebo Collection Broken Garrison'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-06-28
description: ! 'Garrison is the best deck out there.  It doesnt matter what you say.  It is.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Death Star II Docking Bay 
Executor Docking Bay 
Fondor 
Hoth 
Hoth Defensive Perimeter 
Hoth Echo Docking Bay 
Hoth Ice Plains 

Characters (15)
Admiral Chiraneau 
Admiral Ozzel 
Admiral Piett 
Captain Godherdt 
Captain Sarkli 
Commander Igar 
Commander Merrejk 
Darth Vader With Lightsaber  x2
DS-61-2 
DS-61-4 
General Veers 
Grand Admiral Thrawn 
Grand Moff Tarkin 
Lieutenant Cabbel 

Vehicles (5)
Blizzard 1 
Blizzard 2 
Blizzard Walker  x2
Tempest 1 

Starships (6)
Boba Fett In Slave I 
Bossk In Hound’s Tooth 
Chimaera 
Devastator 
Executor 
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter 

Interrupts (14)
Imperial Barrier  x2
Imperial Command  x4
Prepared Defenses 
Trample  x3
Twi’lek Advisor  x2
Walker Garrison  x2

Effects (13)
Battle Deployment - Admiral’s Order 
Ice Storm 
Imperial Arrest Order 
Imperial Decree 
Lateral Damage 
Mobilization Points 
No Escape 
You May Start Your Landing
Rebel Base Occupation 
Secret Plans 
There Is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement 
There’ll Be Hell To Pay  x2 '

Strategy: '

You guys are gay.  broken is a joke.  if a deck was broken i wouldnt post it, this is just a really good deck.  thank you for ripping away any hope i had for humanity.

Hickey.  you are good.  but how many ppl play mpg and revo and a spy ’just to kill merrijk’ i said alan sagan did it.  you dont see it often.  there is one way to beat every deck.  thanks for coming up with a really stupid way to beat mine.

First off, let me just say that i know you may not agree with me in stating that Garrison is the best deck out there. But im afraid it is.  You will see a garrison deck win the Denver Open, hell youll probly see a garrison deck win worlds.  It is extremely SOLID.  you dont need to get garrison off to win, in fact if steebo could take the garrisons out of this deck he would.  BUT it has been ruled that you cannot search for the third marker, without also searching for the walker garrison and taking it into hand, thus there are two.  Because if you get your ONLY garrison in your opening hand, youre screwed, however if you get the third marker, youre good to go.  So please dont say Menace Fades will shut you down, because any deck that can do 8 damage a turn WITHOUT garrison, is pretty ill.  

In Brian Hunter’s words this is a control deck, you control the game with your big ships and your big walkers and hurt them here and there.

Your normal start will be Landing, IAO, and Mob Pts. If you see that you are playing Hayes Hunters pile or a slave quarter mains deck that starts three effect than you want to start TINT/OP instead of Mob Pts. This way, when they shock the scomp link that merregik is at you can grabb the shock *this is key* Very few people play two and even if they do they will loose a card if they want to put off your deployment of systems. In the early game you want to set up at the Hoth with the Executor, and some piolots. If your opponent starts Dont DO That Again then simply go to space with your bounty hunter ships early or a stardestroyer with some pilots. After you occupy your system you can start to get mass activation and you will be able to pull the executor. 

Once set up at your system you should have some walkers out and then begin to take control of your sites. Deploying a lone walker to the 5th marker is common, always do it against WYS in fact (no spies). You can start to ping and if they DO drop a spy you can trample tehm. The deck has fairly good destiny so you should have no problem trampling spies or other small characters such as smuglers in a watch your step deck. With your 5 walkers you should have no problem holding at least the docking bay and 3rd marker. Your pilots have wicked high forfeit once you load up the walkers with pilots, whom all add 3, your power is outrageous.

The deck is relatively easy to play and just about every game you play the same way. Set up on your planet and begin doing damge. With the ping from You May Start Landing and Rebel Base Ocupation you will be doing mass damge. This deck is all about PINGAGE. In the last few tournies this deck has played up against Wys, MWYHL, QMC; all decks that keep menace fades in effect.  And i still pull out the victory becuase of pingage.

This deck is by far the most balanced and reliable dark deck out there. It may not win by a lot but it wins consistantly. This deck has lost 3 games between Steebo and this kid Celucci. Steebo lost to this canadian guy who was playing under attacks and bionic hands so that guy just wasted all of the walkers in the deck - his reason for this wacked out decktype ”my wife plays walker garrison” GAY. It lost to batian winklehaus because at the time he was only using ONE garison and he got that in his opening hand so he couldnt pull the 3rd marker.  The Third loss went to Alan Sagan who on like the third turn played the generators, honor of the jedi and revo-ed the 5th marker, off the heezy foh sheezy. The deck has beaten Yanick Lapointe and Hayes Hunter. Well Steebo didnt beat Hayes but this kid Steve Cellucci used the deck and beat his pile. As you can see the deck does win and the few games it has lost were a little silly.

Peace Out 

PS Steebo Obviously made this deck 
PPS My version only plays 2 tramples and the AO that pings.  '