---
layout: post
author: ! Chris "Christo" Cicconi
title: ! 'Homemade Huntdown Ver. NO R3'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-11-11
description: ! 'No dueling? No racing? High Destinies? Not like any Huntdown deck I&#8217;ve ever heard of'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8) 
Hunt Down and Smack the Jedi 
Exe Medi Chamber 
Exe Holotheater 
Visage of the Big Ugly Head 
Preped D 
Imp Arrest Order/Secret Plans 
Crush The Rebellion 
No Hide Forever/Mob Pts 

Locations (3) 
Rendili 
DDB 
CCDB 

Characters (13) 
Vader, DLOTS x2 
Lord Vader x3 
King Palpy x2 
Darth Maul 
Darth Maul, YA 
Mara, The Emperors Ho 
4-Lom w/ long stick 
Ig w/gun 
Janus the GOD 

Flying Blue Things (4) 
Bossk in Tooth 
Bobby in Slave 1 
Zucky in da Hunter 
Maul&#8217;s Sith thing 

Interrupts (17) 
Force Lightning 
Evader/Monnok 
You Are Beaten 
Short Range Ships/ Watch Your Back 
Maul Strikes 
Vader&#8217;s Anger 
Twi&#8217;lek 
Ommni Box/ It&#8217;s Worse 
I Have You Now 
Operational As Planned x2 
Sniper/Dark Strike 
Force Field 
Masterful Move x2 
Holonet Trans 
This is Some Rescue 

Effects (11) 
No Escape 
Visage x3 
DO They Have a Code Clearance 
Allegations of Corruption 
Search and Destroy 
The Phantom Menace x2 
Lateral Damage 
Battle Order and First Strike 

Weapons (4) 
Vader&#8217;s Saber x2 
Maul&#8217;s Saber 
Mara&#8217;s Saber 


'

Strategy: '

*update 2*For all you dumb mofo’s out there MONNOK (combo) CANCELS REVO *end mofo update* 
*update* I threw in the EndorDB cause I needed a third battleground vs. Hidden Base decks, can’t remember what I took out now....*update over* 

I hate strat well here’s my best shot at it 

Response to reviews of my first version
The Clown-Dude I had 2 battleground sites...now I have 3, so that’s why S&D is in here.

I wanna throw P-59 in here and another I Have You Now, let me know what I should take out thanks

Basic Strat 
It’s nice to get Vader, DLOTS first hand, cause he goes for 6 and you get 4 from yourself, with QMC he can go down first turn. Grab Renili, activate, grab a DB, get Vader down ASAP, if they play space, put vader at one DB, Palpy and Janus at the other, then get S*D, drain, recycle and put Maul in space. If not, send Maul and Vader to the opponents site, and try to get Palpy and Janus to hold down his center site, ex. Cantina, North Corridor. IG and 4-Lom should be saved for calculated strikes vs. a Luke or Obi who’s left alone. Same with Mara. 

Here’s an explanation of some of the cards in my deck 

Mara Very few decks play her now, I needed an extra character, and very few can pull their very own saber 

Holonet trans Well pull Imperial, good to get Vader if you can’t find him. Cancels Trans Terminated, which is good cause with this is some rescue and the grabber you can keep Visage alive for a long time. 

This is some rescue they’ll have a hard time play TT or the combo. Grab it too if they opponent plays WYS. 

The CC/D* DBS No Projection of a Skywalker can hit them, and they work with Crush 

Force Lightning It’s good vs. pesky undercover spies or if the opponent JUST BARELY has enough ability to draw destiny, you can fix that real quick 

Evader and Monnock Well who knows when Revo will be played again, and the Monnok part is good vs. Swarms, and vs. big drawers, it can be pulled too. 

SRS/Watch Your back Well pull Maul’s ship, plus you can get a destiny with Manuever, so Fett in S1 gets a destiny of 7 and Maul gets 5 if needed. 

Vader’s Anger Adds one to saber destiny, and it’s used 5, plenty useful 

Why 3 Visages? Cause I like high destinies, and 7’s are pretty to look at 

Match-ups 
Haven’t had much chance to play different decks so here’s a couple 

vs. WYS Put Maul in space at Kessel kills, or save him for the ground your choice (I’m talking bout Tat Maul), get Vader or Palpy and Janus to the Cantina. Keep Luke away and you win Watch for smugglers with tons of bd’s, for this deck alone I was thinking of throwing Guri in, but I decided not to, Force Lightning can fry some Ral Captains, plus if you can capture another you should be on your way, if you can hold the Cantina, with Palpy, Janus and sombody else, try to hit them in space a bit with Maul and your ships, you should be able to win.

vs. QMC Try to hold down the North Corridor, if Luke’s in space, you don’t flip back, if luke’s on ground, Maul owns space, easy yes? It can be much more difficult then that when in the hands of a decent player. Watch for space try to hit them with Lat Damage and a couple of ships, if they don’t control Bespin, Celeb is useless and so is Menace and Battle Plan. Watch for them dodging battles sniper can hit them a bit, so can the grabber.     

vs. Profit I actually beat some guy in his race, the destinies in this deck ROCK Kill Han, and they don’t do any damage. Stay on them, don’t let them get mains out, they have very few and if you can kill most of them, they can cause no damage.

vs. RST Keep the Bunker, dump Maul, Vader, Palpy, use Mara and IG and 4-lom to attack a little at a time, to widdle down the scouts. If you can hit them in space early for a decent beatdown it can hurt them, watch for Close Air support and the Talas. If you can get Battle Plan you can kill them. 

Hidden Anything If they play in space, battle and probe, never go one ship at a time, always stick with 2 or 3 and a lateral is always nice, if they play mains, you have plenty of mains to battle them, always a fun game. 

DagoCheeseI hate I hate I hate try to pick of their mains with your characters, keep draining, use S&D and Visage, you have enough ways to hurt them, for this game you’ll have to use them all.

Vs. Ref 3 STRAT
Vs. the new objective
Ok it’s basically the LS’s closest thing to hunt down, you have some great destinies in here, your best chance would be to set up your non-Jedi’s at the docking bays, then get send Maul or Vader down vs. a Jedi try to find I Have you Now if it’s against Luke, and knock them out, if your Jedi’s survive and theirs do too, track some of the huge destinies with Janus and OAP to at least prevent from being killed off, use sniper to hack them down too. They don’t have too much space, so if you can hold down Rendili and a site get Battle Order out, that can hurt them too, not that they do that much draining. Watch for them trying to steal Vader’s saber only thing i can tell ya there is use First Strike to limit their battling interrupts. You have plenty of force to get Jedi’s down quickly with, but so do they, don’t just throw Jedi’s down to stop the bleeding, have some plan of attack. 

vs. Upkeep Mains (not a deck but I thought I deserved a look)
You don’t give them tons of force, so that’s good right of the start, use Zuckess to rape Han Chewie and Falcon, if Lando’s sitting around, try to stay away, if not make sure to cancel his gametext or some other way to limit his destinies (crush is good here). Leia (I know she doesn’t have upkeep) can be annoying in the new Objectie deck, even if you control Naboo she can cancel your drains by basically retrieving a force, it’s sick, you’ll have to kill her, but capturing and frying(force lighting) isn’t out of the questing either. Chewie, he’s just sick, him an Han w/Blaster get extra destinies and they’re all +2, do I hear a wookie chocking? well try, otherwise cancel his text, or fry him, but get rid of him. Your best chance against most of the new characters, is character elimination, Dr. E would be good, use Sniper/Dark Strike, Choke, Capturing, Force Lightning and anything else you can pull out of your ass, but you can do it.


Well that’s it, I love the desitinies in this deck, 30 cards with destiny 4 or higher High Destinies ROCK 

Christo 



'