---
layout: post
author: ! William "FredDurst100" Diniega
title: ! "Hostess’ Twinkie"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2001-07-13
description: ! "A Set Your Course Imp Command Big Blue. Modeled after Retardosaurus Rex ISB."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'OBJECTIVE(1)
Set Your Course For Alderaan(start)

LOCATIONS(10)
Death Star(start)
Alderaan(start)
Fondor
Sullust
Kessel
Endor
Death StarDocking Bay 327(start)
EndorLanding Platform
ExecutorDocking Bay
Death StarWar Room

CHARACTERS(15)
Darth Maul x3
Lord Vader x2
Arica
U-3PO
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Admiral Ozzel
Admiral Piett
Admiral Chiraneau
Commander Merrejk
General Veers
Guri
Grand Moff Tarkin

STARSHIPS(9)
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Boba Fett in Slave 1
Dengar in Punishing One
Executor
Chimaera
Devastator
Avenger
Dominator

COMBAT VEHICLE(1)
Blizzard 2

WEAPONS(2)
Vader’s Lightsaber
Maul’s Lightsaber

INTERRUPTS(11)
Imperial Command x6
Prepared Defenses(start)
Twilek Advisor
Ommni Box & It’s Worse
Masterful Move
Point Man

EFFECTS(10)
There Is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement(start)
Imperial Arrest Order(start)
Mobilization Points(start)
Something Special Planned For Them
Secret Plans
Battle Order
You Cannot Hide Forever
Imperial Decree
A Bright Center To The Universe
Lateral Damage

ADMIRAL’S ORDER(1)
Battle Deployment


'

Strategy: '

This deck uses fast activation to set up big power in space and on the ground. You get 5 force from yourself first turn which is just enough. First turn, pull ExecutorDocking bay, If you have piett in your hand, drop him there, if not, use an Imp command to get him and drop him.  If you don’t have Merrejk in your opening hand, pull him with piett. Drop him in the Executordocking bay and pull a system, I usually pull Kessel first. Also pull Death Star War Room on your first turn with Set Your Course. That gives you an automatic 10 force second turn, plus 2 if your mob points isn’t being suspended or cancelled.  From then on pull Endor landing platform and stack the Sith boys and there gang there with Veers for Imp commanding or have Guri out for an auto command. Then set up in space with Chireaneau for big drains. Make sure you hold a battleground site and two systems for Battle order and Imp decree. That’s basically it on how to play the deck. There’s no podracer because you probably wouldn’t win the race anyway.

vs WYS-Set up all your ships at Tatooine and if they start draining at kessel, beat the crud out of them with bounty hunter ships, make sure you convert their kessel so you get the cheap deploy.  If you want, go battle on tatooine, but if you see one-turn beatdown, stick to holding the endor platform.

vs QMC-stick to your gameplan and set up cuickly in space, beat down anything at the bespin system and punish on the ground if you can. You should be able to pull it out.

vs RST- Get Maul to the bunker as fast as possible, hope they don’t have any ability4 or greater characters when they drop the charges, so Maul cancels them all. Set up in space and start draining and use your characters to beat down on Endor.

vs Hidden Base- take over space quickly and just hold endor platform and get Battle order out quickly. If it’s an x wing swarm, get Maul in space so they have ability 0.

vs EBOX- follow the same as hidden base xwing swarm, get Maul in space and battle them out, This is also why you have Battle deployment.

Well that’s the only type of decks I see out there right now, It’s only weakness is podracing but that won’t hurt you too much.

Well that’s all, have fun. '