---
layout: post
author: Will "Bejarid" Wright
title: 'Court of Binks, v. 2.0'
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-01-16
description: ! 'Post-R3 update of the Court of Binks. Same old tricks, plus a few new ones.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'START (10)

	An Unusual Amount Of Fear
	Agents In The Court/No Love For The Empire
	Jar Jar Binks (Rep)
	Tatooine Hutt Canyon
	Tatooine Jabba’s Palace
	Podrace Prep
	Brisky Morning Munchen
	Boonta Eve Podrace
	Tatooine Podrace Arena
	Anakin’s Podracer

CHARACTERS (12)

	Ben Kenobi
	Captain Panaka
	Daughter Of Skywalker
	Gungan Warrior x4
	Jar Jar Binks
	Lando Calrissian, Scoundrel
	Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout
	Padme Naberrie
	Qui-Gon Jinn

DEVICES (2)

	Obi-Wan’s Journal
	Portable Scanner

EFFECTS (11)

	Armament Dismantled
	Bacta Tank
	Bargaining Table
	I Must Be Allowed To Speak
	Lightsaber Proficiency
	Meditation
	Reflection
	Secure Route
	Traffic Control
	Yoda’s Gimer Stick
	Your Insight Serves You Well/Staging Areas

INTERRUPTS (15)

	Away Put Your Weapon
	Blaster Deflection
	Control/Tunnel Vision x2
	Gambler’s Luck
	Gift Of The Mentor
	Levitation
	Mindful Of The Future
	Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes x2
	The Signal x2
	Too Close For Comfort
	Transmission Terminated
	Weapon Levitation

LOCATIONS (2)

	Tatooine Marketplace
	Tatooine Mos Espa Docking Bay

WEAPONS (8)

	Anakin’s Lightsaber
	Electropole
	Jar Jar’s Electropole
	Lando’s Blaster Rifle
	Luke’s Lightsaber
	Obi-Wan’s Lightsaber
	Panaka’s Blaster
	Qui-Gon Jinn’s Lightsaber

SHIELDS (2-10)

	A Close Race
	Aim High '

Strategy: '

"Another Jar Jar deck, but not straight Gungans?" you say?
	Well, I’ve not yet gotten a box of Theed. However, I probably will post one of those when I get one. Nyah.

	Upon first glance, this is obviously NOT a serious racing deck. It’s basically the same as always - Jar Jar/Munchen abuse. The Podrace is here to provide a simple and quick source of retrieval. If one does lose the race, however, A Close Race absorbs a lot of the damage and Aim High prevents opponent’s retrieval or actions that turn.
	The basics of the deck is to circulate your Binkses through Table, Munchen, No Love For The Empire. I find it best to use Munchen’s gametext to deploy Jar Jar AFTER you have one in hand. That way you can cancel a drain/destiny and still have Binks on table.
	Bargaining Table also helps cancel drains with you Gungan Warriors.
	There’s three Jeedai in the deck to wreak havoc with Hunt Down and/or Let Them Make The First Move. I recommend you deploy Luke after you’ve got I Must Be Allowed To Speak on Jabba’s Palace to give him full immunity on Tatooine and keep him at one of your battlegrounds to flip Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe. Ben is your primary savior in this deck. Stick him with his saber, journal, and Yoda’s stick as well as someone to back him up, say Padme or Panaka - preferrably both. That way you’ve got a swing, a shot and power plus three, a weapon destiny cancelled, and a revival. Forfeit Padme for any damage/attrition and Ben’ll revive her.
	Qui-Gon is your Combat protection. Send him to an interior Theed location with his blade and prevent the Dark Jeedai’s battles and drains. Your Gungan’s can also be helpful on Naboo by deploying cheap against opponent and drawing a destiny with two alone.
	Daughter has her father’s lightsaber now. I still like the benefits from her rifle, but I’ve grown partial to the glowing blade of death once more. Arm her with that, Lightsaber Proficiency, and Reflection and you drain at plus two and retreive one at the same time. If Ben not on table for any reason, Yoda’s stick works just as well on Daughter to hold down the Marketplace for added retreival.
	Jar Jar’s Electropole is a recirculable seven destiny. This can help Lando when he’s blasting people. Scoundrel, his rifle, and Gambler’s Luck is a killer defensive tactic. When defending, Lando retreives one and adds it to his total power, which is already a six. Simply target a character and they’re power minus two. Lando also ADDS one battle destiny, period. Play Gambler’s Luck and you get two more, your choice out of three. This silvery-tongued loner has just cleared a site.

	Questions/comments can be left in your review or sent to my D-mail. '