---
layout: post
author: ! Greg "TychoCelchu" Shaw
title: ! "DCon2k2 Runner Up - LS"
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-11-11
description: ! 'Repost so more people can see it. TIGIH with some mean tech to deliver huge beats.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Don’t review this deck until you read the strat section, otherise you won’t understand why a lot of cards are in here 

Starting crap 11 
Unusual Amount of Fear 
There Is Good in this Obj 
Endor DB 
Endor Chirpa’s Hut 
Jedi Luke 
Luke’s Stick 
I Feel The Conflict 
HFTMF 
vMerc Sunlet (always start) 
-start 2 of the following- 
Don’t Do That Again 
Colo Claw Fish 
YISYW + Staging Areas 

Locations 2 
Jedi Council Chamber 
Dejarik Gameboard 

Characters 15 
Jedi Luke 
EPP Qui Gon x3 
Premiere Obi 
EPP Leia x2 
Lando Scoundrel x2 
Twass Khaa 
Corran Horn 
Owen + Beru (HUGE anti-watto tech) 
Orrimarko 
Chancellor Valorum 
Phylo 
Threepio 

Ships 2 
HCFalcon x2 

Effects 6 
whatever you dont start 
I Can’t Believe He’s Gone 
Draw Their Fire 
HotJedi 
Goo 
Scanner Techs (start against senate) 

Interrupts 24 
Balanced Attack x2 
Escape Pod x3 
Resilience x3 
Houjix 
Grimtaash 
On The Edge 
Sense + Recoil x3 
Bith Shuffle + Reach x2 
The Signal 
SATM + BP 
Speak with the Jedi 
Free Ride + EC x2 
Were You Looking For Me? 
The beatdown tripler '

Strategy: '

Props go to 
Scott Lingrell for tech 
Bill Kafer for lots of testing 
Pete Flamini, Chris Gogolen, and Ted Pan...Ted P for helping test the deck and trying out new things with it. 

The strat is divided into sections, hopefully it will make sense in the end. 

The Lingrell Tech
When the last set of vcards came out, me, Bill Kafer, and Scott Lingrell tested a LOT of decks. One time we were spitting out ideas and scott was like ’You can use merc sunlet to put obi out of play and add use the jank ep1 card to add power.’ 
A few weeks later, after not finding a good ls deck, i decided to try the obi tech. it works like this 
Use Dont Do That Again to grab I Can’t Believe He’s Gone. Use Balanced Attack to get Obi (he’s a general, read his lore). Obi is usually the first card I lose. If your lost pile ever gets bigger than your opponents (some games you wont need to pull this off, you can get huge beats early on), save 2 force and put Obi OOP with Merc. Slam down ICBHG and add 5 to EVERY battle at a site. This is so huge, especially with Conflict on the table. MAD props go to Scott for this tech, even though he won’t play the deck. 

Character Selection
These characters were chosen because they all get destiny by themselves, and most of them can do plenty of damage by themselves (esp. between ICBHG and the Fish). Valorum is just a random.mof, feel free to replace him with a different destiny-drawing character if you have to. Owen and Beru are HUGE against Watto (the ds deck of choice at DCon), because they DRAW DESTINY IF UNABLE TO OTHERWISE. Right in Watto’s eye. If unable... supercedes everything, so they will always draw. Most players wont (or at least, they didnt) barrier the Lars because they dont see a reason to. In my 4 games against watto (3-1 against it), I had to call the judge over each game to get the ruling. 

Interrupts & Effects
Sense and Bith Shuffle get rid of their defensive stuff. Recoil can get rid of Ghhhk as well. Threepio is good, so the card to get him is in there. Escape Pod is good, especially to get Grimtaash when they arent expecting it. SATM leads to amazing beats. I’ve won plenty of games because my opponent leaves vader + bliz 4 or some backup chaacter, and I come down with somebody to mess vader and get my luke back. 
Goo is one of the best cards in the game, especially when you give up a max of 2 icons. HotJedi stops the TINT shield as well as other annoying stuff. 
Merc is good for putting Obi OOP, but also for saving youragainst drains or direct damage that would otherwise massacre you. 

Activation
Activation isnt as consistent as I would like it to be. Most games you active around 15 while giving up 2. Sometimes it just plain sucks, like if they capture Luke and you cant find either site or a card to get it. However I’ve been able to win enough games with only 8 or so force a turn for the majority of the game that I’m not too worried about it. 

Winning
I still havent figured out how, but this deck wins. It wins a lot, by a lot, and it can turn around almost any certain loss. Part of the reason is probably due to the fact that it’s TIGIH. Nobody plays TIGIH, so nobody knows how to play against it. 
Most games are won by a nice beatdown, or enough beatings that your opponent is either out of characters, or they dont have enough cards to do what they need, and you can sneak by with your drain of two with Luke and a drain at one of their sites. Sometimes Luke can run into Palpy and make your opponent lose 2 force a turn from the 7 side. I have yet to win by crossing Vader, but it can be done with 3 cards stacked. Just flip a six and you win. 

That’s all for now. If I think of something else or feel like doing matchups, I’ll add an update. For now you can look at the deck’s record 
12-2 in sanctioned/finals games, including wins against Praskac (COTVG beats + Watto), Eric Hunter (watto) and Brian twigg (Hunt Down). The losses were to Graham Neal’s senate with one bg site (he took to space) and to Angelo Consoli’s Watto (couldnt find good cards, when I did, he had force field x2 -P). 

Cards I would like to add 
Spiral 
Another Sense 
Nabrun 
Plo Kloon 
another battleground site 
another character that draws if unable... 

Constructive criticism is welcome 
-Greg Shaw 
DCon2k2 Runner Up   '