---
layout: post
author: ! Fernando "Garion" Medaln
title: ! "Walkers on Hoth"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-01-11
description: ! 'Have you ever dreamed with a deck that cause massive direct damage and good drains?. Well, then this is your deck.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'STARTING (6)
Hoth Ice Plains
Prepared Defenses
YMSYL
Prepare For A Surface Attack
IAO/Secret Plans
Fear Is My Ally
(10 Shields, depends on the meta)

STARSHIPS AND VEHICLES (14)
Chimaera
Zukuss In Ship
Dengar In ship
Bossk in ship
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Blizzard 4 x2
Imperial Walker x4
Blizzard Scout 1
Tempest Scout 6

CHARACTERS (13)
Darth Vader DLOTS
Thrawn
Ozzel
Veers
Commander Igar
Commander Merrejk
Commander Praji
Lieuteniant Arnet
AT-ST Pilot
Boba Fett, Bounty Hunter
P-60
P-59
U-3PO

ADMIRAL ORDERS (2)
We´re In Attack Posittion Now x2

INTERRUPTS AND EFFECTS (19)
Sebulba´s Podracer
Dark Maneuvers
Ommni Box & It´s Worse x2
Limited Resources
Unsalvageable
We Must Accelerate Our Plans
Neimodian Advisor
Trample x2
Walker Garrison x2
Imperial Command x2
Always Thinking With Your Stomach
Defensive Fire & Hutt Smooch
Control
Rebel Base Occupation
Presece Of The Force

LOCATIONS (6)
Coruscant Docking Bay
Hoth Docking Bay
Hoth Defensive Perimeter
Hoth North Ridge
Hoth Mountains
Hoth '

Strategy: '

Ok, this is the dark deck I´m playing right now. Any advice will be apreciate, but please don´t rate the deck without reading the strategy section. Thanks in advance.

This is even more important than the deck itself, so I will try to make a good job.

First the destinies (no counting starting cards)
zero - 7
one - 9
two - 11
three - 7
Four - 11
five - 6
six - 3

So the destinies are not really high but quite ok, I would like to rise them but I feel is good as it is now.

Walker Garrison is a quite defensive deck. in order to do the direct damage you must keep Hoth under control. Anyway you have some Beatdown capacity with both destroyers and Vader and new Boba Fett. You may even use one or two of your walkers with trample not in Hoth, but I use to play them to control markers and make damge with YMSYL.

SOMETHING ABOUT THE CARD SELECTION.
Bounty Hunters in ships card eficiency.
Chimaera + Thrawn really have to explain this?
Walkers the heart of the deck.
Commander Praji and ATST pilot good deploy cost/effect/forfait ratio. 
Destroyers for beatdowns.
Admiral Orders to counteract the new Theed Palace orders (cool ones) and to cause even more direct damage with your general and commanders.
Ommni Box combo good trackble destiny and anti-ICBW card.
Unsalvageable cancel Hyper Escape, Power Pivot or OOC three really nasty LS cards and good destiny.
Neimodian Advisor search for Hoth.
Defensive Fire combo anti-spy card.
Pressence of the force create another battle ground site in Hoth (anti HOTJ).

SOMETHING ABOUT THE TURNS.
This deck is not easy to play despite what some people might think. Under my point of view HD and TDIGWATT are really easier for new players than this one.
Before activating search for third marker and walker garrison. If you have third marker in starting hand, well, thats ok.
Next turns deploy walkers and draw, you have good power and some react with the ATSTs and very good defensive card trample.
This is a deck where you have to play really samrt because a heavy LS beatdown can make you lose the game in a single turn.

SOMETHING ABOUT LS DECKS.
In my area the meta is quite standard with only 2 or 3 top decks WYS, QMC and some Hidden Mains.
In fact Hidden Mains is now the only really hard play, though QMC space is a hard play because keeping Hoth system under control is quite important, but not essential for the game. I´m planning to pack Endor Ocupation so I can cancel the celebration without controling Bespin.
Anyway, you must play really smart with this deck, but it´s really nice and fun to play and can kill your op really fast with all the direct damege it cause.

Ok, thats all. Thanks for reading and reviewing. Keep playing this great game, I will. '