---
layout: post
author: Vjeko "mighty_maul" Keskic
title: 'Quiet Mining Colony aka Little Brave B-Wing Pilot'
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-01-01
description: ! 'just QMC '
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'startin’ 

QMC/Independent Operations
An Unusual Amount Of Fear
( all da ruf shields like aim high or the stack shiels )
Heading For The Medical Frigate
Get To Your Ships 
Keeping The Empire Out Forever
Colo Claw Fish
Bespin
Cloud City  Guest Quarters



locations (2)

Cloud City  West Gallery
Cloud City  North Corridor



characters (14)

Artoo, Brave Little Droid
EPP Luke (2x)
Lando With Blaster Rifle
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader
Boushh
Ten Numb, Brave Little B-Wing Pilot
Corran Horn
EPP Leia
EPP Obi-Wan (2x)
Tawss Khaa
Pucumir Thyss
Dash Rendar



ships (5)

Redemption
Red Squadron 1
Outrider
Blue Squadron 5
Han and Chewie In Falcon


weapons (4)

Interuder Missile (3x)
X-Wing Laser Cannon


Admiral’s Order 

Concentrate All Fire


interrupts (21)

Off The Edge 
Out Of Commision & Transmission Terminated
Houjix & Out Of Nowhere (2x)
Path Of The Least Resistance (4x)
Rapid Fire (2x)
The Bith Shuffle & Desperate Reach (2x)
A Jedi’s Resilience (2x)
A Few Maneuvers (3x)
Power Pivot (2x)
Punch It
Sorry About The Mess & Blaster Proficiency


effects (6)

Menace Fades
Goo Nee Tay
Cloud City Occupation
Thrown Back
Bacta Tank
Whise Advise & Do Or Do Not '

Strategy: '

strategy 


ok, before i start to tell you my style to play this deck, i want to say somethin’ 

"THIS IS NOT A TEN NUMB SUPERSTAR DECK"

i like the winkelhaus style but this is my own creation, of course their are some similar cards, but this
is always the same in QMC decks.


so, first i just play 2 locations to flip my objective after 2/3 turns cause then it rocks if you play to much
locations or docking bays, you will lose cloud city sites and so you will lose da game Try tp pull out fast 
Han and Chewie with Falcon, i don’t paly Life Dept cause i play enough ships like the great "Redemption" if you pull 
out this ship with bacta tank you will never lose bespin system, but it took me always 5 or 6 turns tp pull out
Bacta and Redemption. you can also keep bespin clean with Wedge, and his X-Wing Cannon, don’t deploy the cannon,
just use Rapid Fire, and Zuckuss will be kicked from bespin. The most important fact is to keep the bespin system but with Power
Pivot and some funny Interuder Missles & Ten Numb, you will also beat down a Exe. 

Try to deploy Leia and Pucumir to flip the objective, with Path ... you will keep them alive and Houjix will stop 
any f.ucking beat downs on cloud city, if you flip your objective play battle paln as the defensive shield, and try to deploy the 
Bespin Celebration



My Style against Winkelhaus 


1. 

Most players, pull out "I’ll Take The Leader" ok thats fine, but" Concentarte All Fire" is just better
1 example, all ya aliens are immune to atrrition <6, also each wepaon draw is +1, so with Colo Claw Fish you will always hit 
a Vader or Maul also With EPP Leia, so don’t play "I’ll Take The Leader" cause if you play this you also must play 1 db.


2.

The second think is Goo Nee Tay, if pull out this effect, opponent will never deploy more then 1/2 powerful mains to 
cloud city, example +2 with Goo Nee Tay and +1 for Bespin game text, so +3 for every dangerous character, damn.


3. 

Play only 1 Off The Edge cause every good dark pllyer will kick your second Off The Edge, and so just play it at the end
with A Few Maneuvers.


So This was my QMC, Winkelhaus played this deck like nobody else, he just rock all da @sses with his QMC, and it’s 
amazing  But i think my way to play this deck is alo not to bad, or????????????

Thx to all who read/rated my QMC deck

mighty_maul aka Vjeko Keskic "The croatian hustler"









'