---
layout: post
author: Stephen "Texan" Beckham
title: 'Too Hot in da Hot Tub'
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-06-06
description: ! 'My friend used to always say that and then I saw Ricky Williams say it on cribs.  Funny @#$%.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting 
we’ll handle this/duel of the fates 
inner strength 
theed palace generator 
theed palace generator core
Heading for the medical frigate
an unusual amount of fear
another pathetic lifeform
the new virtual saber puller
scrambled transmission

locations 
jedi council chamber 
kessel

characters 
qui-gon jinn, jedi master X3
obi-wan, jedi knight X3 
luke with lightsaber X2
yoda, master of the force 
leia with blaster rifle x2
captain han x 2
threepio with this parts showing 
lando, scoundrel
enraged chewie
baragwin x2

starships 
falcon x2
r2 in red 5

weapons/devices 
intruder missile x2
bionic hand X2
jar jars electopole x2 cause its funny
qui-gons lightsaber
obi wan’s lightsaber

effects 
goo nee tay
thrown back
bacta tank

interrupts 
shocking info/grimtaash 
a jedis resilience X2
free ride& endor celebration 
dodge x2 
sense X2 
fall of the legend
throw me another charge
the bith shuffle& desperate reach X2 
star destroyer 
rebel barrier 
speak with the jedi council X2 
strike blocked X2 

defensive shields 
a close race 
a tragedy has occured 
aim high 
battle plan 
dont do that again 
only jedi carry that weapon 
ounee ta 
ultimatum 
wise advice 
do, or do not 
'

Strategy: '

Here is a better lightsaber combat for you all.  I like to write drawn out reports but this is combat, so you should know how it works.  Instead I will explain a few cards that you think is STUPID and tell you why I have choosen them.  Gracias for your time.

another pathetic lifeform- activating force is nice, expecially when you need it fast or need it for the ds draw their fire

the new virtual saber puller- cause obi and qui gon are happier with their sticks

scrambled transmission- so good.  Keeps hand manipulation nice and plus you can drop and draw the combo card with threepio. As soooo many put it TECH

Kessel- put your falcon in space against dsc and drain for three.  HAHAHAHA TECH BABY

obi-wan, jedi knight- because this is combat, not hit and run

luke with lightsaber- because this still needs to be a little hit and run HAAHAHAA

yoda, master of the force- after seeing AOTC, why shouldn’t you play with him  BONG

baragwin x2- cause they rock at retrieval and are funny.  BARAGWIN WINS THE GAME

Old school falcon + Capt Han + EPP Leia + Super Lando and Chewie = super duper falcon.  I have pulled this off a few times and it is funny.  That is a lot of force, but once obi and qui gon are down you don’t have much to do.  This coupled with sense is the game for most deck.  People don’t see this coming from combat which makes it so nice.  I mean you get around Zuckuss, get four destiny, add 12 to your total and you get to retrieve and add to power if defending.  Beat that Han Chewie Falcon.  This totally rapes scrubs (like me) and can do well against more seasoned players also.  Just save up some force and drop it like its hot.

thrown back- helps differential, plus you can drop 7s during their turn  HAHAHAHAHA

bacta tank- to make sure the falcon stays alive HAHAHAHAHA

fall of the legend + throw me another charge- these are strickly my choice.  I suggest you find something else.  Ever since hidden mains I have loved these cards.  Nice trackable sixes that they wont grab cause everything else is too important.


Well, get set up on the ground then go to space.  I cant think of any ds deck that doesn’t play at least one system in case of lsc.  Have fun, and yall come back now ya hear
'