---
author: Eric "Tempest-HD" Martin
title: Newbie DS senate to be torn apart please!!
side: Dark
date: 2002-01-02
description: My first DS deck in...5 years ^^ built from a box of tat, a box of cor and a box of ref III.
rating: 2.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (7):

My lord, is that legal?/IWMIL

Cor: Senate chamber
Naboo: Battle plain (switch w/ the system?)
Podrace prep.
Sebulbas pod
Pod race areana
what effect here?

Locations (4)
Naboo OR Naboo battle plain (depends on start)
Naboo: Theed Palace Throne Room
Naboo: Theed Palace DB
Tatooine market place

Star Ships (3)
Mauls sith infiltrator
Trade fed. Battle Ship (x2)

Senators (14)
Baskol Yeesrim (x2)
Passel Argente (x2)
Edcel Bar Gane (x2)
Tikkes (x2)
Toonbuck Toora (x2)
Orn Free Taa (x2)
Yeb Yeb
Lott Dod

Non Senate Characters (12)
Tey how
Rune Haako (old)
Nute (old)
Darth Maul (x2)
DM, YA
Lord Maul
P-59
P-60
Destroyer Droid
Jabba Djec Tjiure
Gardula the hutt
Cor Guard (I have keder the black, do i need him?)

Devices (3)
mauls double stick (2)
mauls binocs 

RED

Interupts (12)
the point is conceded (x2)
No civility..(x3)
Control
Alter x2
podracer collision
Squabbling delegates
Maul Strikes

P effects (2)
Accepting fed control
Our blockade is legal



Strategy: 

    ---EDIT: deck also starts boonta eve podrace, and isnt exactly 60 cards (i need help there too :(


 This deck is designed to grab a whole bunch of senators and flip 1st or second turn. The first things to grab are lot (who can help grabbing) and yeb yeb (always helps to see what destiny is coming!!!). 
     The podracing is thrown in because for 5 cards I have the chance for a 12 card swing. Against a non pod deck, I can easily win (esp with high destiny denators in the deck). 
     The rest of the deck is designed to control the big drain nabbo site, put rune or nute at the thrown room with some droids, maul at the battle plain and maybe some suport senators for forfit fodder at these sites. Try to eliminate all other characters so you can use the text of Baskol to force the opponent to lose 3 a turn if you can keep em off of naboo. The battle ships and tey are there to hold the system naboo. If you havehte cards, you cna also try to hold the naboo DB or any other naboo cards the opponent has. Use senate text/mauls binocs to modify destiny draws and track everything. My card supply is limited (as i said, 1 box R3, 1 box cor 1 box tat) but it looks )semi) solid to me.  