---
layout: post
author: Ryan "Shadow 13" French
title: 'Hidden Base The Age of Aquaris v1.1'
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-02-07
description: ! 'A flipping HB space deck featuring Red Squadron ships, pilots, and X-wing Cannons.  Great drain potential, plus some damage from a few different sources.  Updated to address some difficulties it may have had...'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(8)
An Unusual Amount Of Fear
-Shields
-Battle Plan
-Dont’ Do That Again
-both SAC Shields
-A Close Race
-A Tragedy Has Occured
-Aim High
-Ounee Ta
-Ultimatum
-Another Pathetic Lifeform
Hidden Base/Slippery Systems
Rendezvous Point
(Hidden Base Indicator)
Heading For the med frigate
Superficial Damage
Menace Fades
Squadron Assignments

Locations(7)
Coruscant
Aquaris
Ord Mantell
Roche
Kessel
Big One
Big One Asteroid Cave

Characters(14)
Qui-Gon With Lightsaber
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Han With Blaster
Leia With Blaster
Chewie, Enraged
Lando Calrissian, Scoundrel
Corran Horn
Dash Rendar
Leebo
Theron Nett
Admiral Ackbar
Wedge Antilles, RSL
Luke Skywalker (premiere)
Kin Kian

Ships(8)
Han, Chewie & The Falcon
Outrider
Home One
Red Squad 1
R2-D2 in Red 5
Red 6
Red 10
Gray Squadron 1

Weapons(4)
X-Wing Laser Cannons x4

Interrupts(13)
It’s A Hit
It Could Be Worse
Houjix & Out Of Nowhere
A Jedi’s Resilience x2
Rebel Artillery
Life Debt
The Signal
Rapid Fire
Direct Assault
All Wings Report In & Darklighter Spin
Organized Attack
Power Pivot

Effects(5)
Strikeforce
Weapons Display
Legendary Starfighter
Kessel Run
Rycar’s Run

AO(1)
Concentrate All Fire

'

Strategy: '

Simple space drain/power deck.  you are able to pull your one battleground site, the Asteroid Cave, so control it as long as you can, hopefully with houjix and A Jedi’s Resilience in your hand just in case your opponent lands a beatdown.  once you have a foot in this site, get Battle Plan on the table, because you should be generating enough force to cover your major force drains anyway, backed up by Strikeforce.  and when you flip, it really hurts your opponent to pay 9 to drain 1...

Space With 2 Cannons on Luke in Red 5, weapons display, and AO on table...13 power right there, then throw in organized attack, rebel artillery, direct assault and power pivot...you just won yourself a nice battle, caused some damage, hopefully played Legendary Starfighter.  Don’t let the opponent live long enough to probe more than a few systems, but you’ll win even without the objective.  always deploy Kessel last.  Kessel Run from Aquaris or even Coruscant if your opponent is out of space, make it early if you’ve got Leebo out, otherwise wait until you really need it...same with Rycar’s Run.  these two help out with retrieval, but they’re basically in to give Leebo some punch.  wait until you need the drain cancelers to flip, and when objective’s flipped, don’t forget to make the opponent use Force to draw...

if Security Precautions hits the table, draw till you get It’s A Hit and It Could Be Worse, then be ready to stop that force loss.  it helps to have your anti-sense sheild out when this happens, so at least if it gets sensed your opponent has to lose some force too.  this is very important, unless you’re absolutely sure your opponent doesn’t have Security Precautions, don’t use these two cards for anything else.

cool weapon engine Rapid Fire to deploy them during a battle, then forfeit them to Used with SuperDamage, lose them to Force drains or any other damage, then redeploy them from Lost Pile with Weapons Display (which is why The Signal makes an appearance).  And those cannons rock anyway, especially on Hobbie.  Favorite strategy get two on one Xwing to get the power bonus, then forfeit one and you’ve still got one to shoot in the next battle.  it’s not great, but it does work.

some people think non-uniques work better in this kind of deck.  well they’re wrong IMHO.  let’s think objectively.  two non-unique xwings 4 deploy, 8 forfeit, 2 ability, 6 power, you have to actually draw both to get them both out.  Red 10 and Theron Nett 4 deploy (2 to Ord Mantell), 9 forfeit, 2 ability + immune < 4, 5 power + a destiny to power, you only have to draw one to get the other out with Squad Assigns, plus drain +1 at Ord Mantell.  sure with non-uniques you can do nifty retrieval, but they are incredibly weak and rely on cards like Hyper Escape and Organized Attack to win.  Uniques can stand alone at a system and hold their own in battles.  i prefer uniques.

with the proper setup, you’ll drain 3 at kessel, 3 at coruscant, 2 at ord mantell with Red 10 and 2 wherever you put Gray Squad 1....total of 10, plus legendary starfighter and Leebo for 14 optimum total force loss every turn, which is nothing to sneeze at.

thanks for checking this out...


Ryan French
Rebel Strike Team founder
http//www.decktech.net/43 '