---
layout: post
author: ! Legolas "Legolas_" Greenleaf
title: ! 'Slave Quarters My Style'
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-01-11
description: ! 'okay, so the title is corny, but every deck I post is blah-dee-blah My Style so it will have to do.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting6
Tatooine Slave Quarters
AUAOF  (the shields are don’t do that again and ehatever turns you on for the other nine)
HFTMF
Battle Plan/DTF
Scrambled Transmission
YISYW/SA (combo is just to throw them off)

Locations7
D Yoda’s Hut
Hoth Echo War Room
Rendezvous Point
Endor CC’s Hut
Home One War Room
Y IV War Room
Y IV Massassi ?  (whichever one is the twix)

Characters16
EPP Qui-Gon x2
EPP Obi x2
LS,JK x2
EPP Han x2
EPP Leia
Chewbacca, Enraged
Bomarr Monk
Shmi Skywalker
The Naked Droid
Corran Horn
Orrimaarko
Lando Calrissian, Scoundrel

Starships3
Spiral
Millenium Falcon

Weapons1
Anakin’s Lightsaber

Podracers1
Anakin’s Podracer (yes, Anakin made some donations to this deck. ;)

Effects8
Beggar 
Revolution
Traffic Control
Goo Nee Tay x2
Honor 
Affect Mind or Bacta Tank (your pick)

Interrupts19
We’re Doomed
Houjix/OON
Alter/FF x2
Sense/RIF x3
It Can Wait x2
On The Edge x2
Nabrun Leids
SATM
It Could Be Worse x2
Don’t Get @#$%y
Life Debt
Gift of the Mentor
SI/Grimtaash '

Strategy: '

Props to Hayes Hunter for coming up with the first ’pile’.

okay, pretty simple to play.  Just pull Shmi who pulls Threepio who helps you get out your twixes to activate more to get more stuff.  You have a nice assortments of mains and supporting cast so your ground is plenty solid.  Not a lot of really high destinies but plenty of 4’s and 5’s which work fine.  This deck puts a major lock on their activation with Revo/Goo/etc.  You have plenty of battle interrupts and some SAC to protect them.  On the Edge’s retrieve, ICBW prevent damage.  2 Falocns means that you can hit space more than once (not to mention Life Debt pulls it).  We’re Doomed is great because if they are putting the hurt on you, this can slow it down (and then you can draw with the droid.  repeat.)  The Bacta Tank is good for getting back mains, but Affect mind is tech.  It reads (destiny 5)  Use 1 force to deploy on your Jedi.  Unless opponent also has a Dark Jedi present, their total ability at that location is reduced by two.  This saves EPP Qui-Gon/Obi.  Picture this (happens more often than you might think) opponent has DS-61-2 or some other ability 2 pilot on a walker draining for 2 at a kit-kat (two for me, two for you).  EPP Walks in (tracking a 5 to kill walker).  BAM  Affect mind=no destiny=EPP takes over the site and the walker dies.  pretty cool, huh?  Also kills Mara.  Ok, so you’ll probably prefer Bacta Tank, but I’d rather just save him all together then pay to get him back.  I play traffic control over Thrown Back because I can pull Grim anyway.  Orri over Melas because higher power and direct damage.  It Can Wait is just as tech as the Wookie kisser and you have 3 sense/RIF so they just paid 10 to drop Lord Vader(took them 2 turns to get that much, heh heh), but he can wait.  The dark side recoils in fear at the thought of deploying him for free (unsportsmanlike) so they stick him back in their deck.  Sweet, eh?  Okay, now for the matchups

Against any deck with Merrejk just pull SI/Grim, cancel the Scomp Link.  repeat.  Equals no pulling systems.

ISB Scum  kill nasty ground people.  SATM takes care of 5D6.  If he’s on a walker, oh well.  they give you plenty of lovely drain sites and the Monk doesn’t like people pulling JP sites.  The Superfalcon can make an appearance, if necessary.

ISBig Blue grab Imp. Command w/the shield ASAP.  once they’ve played 3 or 4 or you just Grim’d to check, then you can throw the Superfalcon at ’em.  Stuff them on the ground and watch them try to pay for battle plan and continue deploying big stuff (not easy).  Be careful of spy beats.

Huntdown so I Revo your MC, kick you off Carida, and prevent any DB activation.  ICBW and the AIM High shield will serve you well if they race.  Oh, remember the ICW Vader scenario?

BHBM Corran horn and Qui-Gon should make an early strike.  they have no retrievel and even if you give them Luke, you can still beat them down with other stuff.  I don’t think BHBM is a problem for any solid deck.  no inserting thanks to your starting effect.  (don’t pull Honor unless you deem it absolutely necessary. They’ll probably be playing No Escape anyway.)

AOBS Haven’t play this one much.  But you out activate him by a ton and you’ve got SAC so the matchup should be yours.  (Affect mind can really screw them)

Tat. Occupation beggar their cannon force and then throw the superFalcon at them.  No system means no Occupation or Fighter Coming In.

Lightsaber Combat  EPP Strikes and maybe a beatdown or two should give you the game.  You have better retrievel than them.  

TIES  knock them off the DB with your 5 lightsabers, then wait for an opportunity for the Uber-Falcon.

I’m sure there are other good decks out there, but I’m out of time.  I’ll update later.  Hope you enjoyed it, and once again props to Hayes (u da man)

Me, Myself, and I '