---
layout: post
author: ! matt "Tasa" wehner
title: ! "Court Of the Vile Gangsta - Limp Bizkit Style"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-06-09
description: ! 'Now you know youll be lovin this sh$t right here.....'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Court of The Vile Gangeter
Dungeon
Audience Chamber
Great Pit of the Sarlaac
Preparred Defenses
His Name is Anakin
All Wrapped Up
First Strike
Fear is My Ally + 10 shields, including the two new ones...


Locations 4
Rancor Pitt
Tat Jabba’s Palace
JP Lower Passages
Imperial Holotable

Characters 20
Mighty Jabba
Dr. E and Ponda Baba
Galid x2
Boba Fett, Bounty Hunter x2
4Lom x2
Joda Kast
Dengar with gun
Iggy with gun
Destroyer Droid x3
P-59 x2
P-60 x2
SSA-306
Guri

Ships 4
Zuckuss in ship x2
Bossk in bus
Stinger

Interrupts 16
Master, Destroyers x3
Rolling, Rolling, Rolling x2
Neimoidian Advisor x2
Masterful Move/Endor Occ.
Masterful Move x2
Hidden Weapons x3
Trap Door
Sniper/Dark Strike
Ghhk/Rebels Won’t Escape Us

Effects 6
Scum and Villiany x2
Bad Feeling Have I x2
Molator (v)
No Escape

Creatures 1
Rancor
'

Strategy: '

Short and sweet, the deck battles and doesn’t have to lose much due to it’s high retrieval.
If you can’t tell, I don’t like WYS AT ALL.  The objective is near broken and has no flaws, so I added in about three cards to screw them up just a little - the first being His Name Is Anakin.  This deck slows down WYS a little, a little more if they’re using or relying on Palace Raiders or Raltiir Freighter Capts.  It also adds one to each of their aliens deploy cost - sure EPP Han and Chewie Enlarged don’t get anything, but there’s more for them later.  The other starting is basic - First Strike makes them save a force to play destiny adders and it lets you retrieve 3 when Scum is down.

We’ll do a list by list -

Locations are prime and helpful against Profit.  I didn’t put in a Cloud City Tech, if you can find the room go ahead - it’ll make beating that Obj even easier.  The Pitt is there for extra retrieval if needed and the Holotable never hurts when ya got a recyclable destiny 6 to go get it out.

Characters are pretty straight up.  Only one Mighty Jabba cause he’s not dependent on winning.  Dr. E is always good with Hidden Weapons or weapons period (unless they’re playing KlorSlug).  Galid is, as someone else here already stated - a superstar.  It also forces the opponent to deal with the Audience Chamber, one way or another - which usually means a little more interaction for you.  Boba Fett is Boba Fett - use him and Jodo for the Hidden Weapons.  4lom’s tech - if they’re playin space deploy him with Zuckuss in ship (from reserve) to draw two battle destinys.  If they’re playing ground, use him and Mighty Jabba to hold Audience Chamber (or look like you’re holding it - then when the opponent deploys to battle you, next turn come down with your other mains...).  Dengar and Iggy are both good with their guns in this modest destiny deck.  Okay, I’ll explain the Destroyer Droids (unique and non-unique)  With Master, Destroyers they’re really pretty good, even against Jedi’s.  They don’t cancel Scum, so, with it down you can drop down for a little beats and play your Master, Destroyers.  It really screws up someone who thinks they’re gonna be able to use guns, and since there’s no doublesided lightsaber for the LS, unless they’re stacking against you - you should be fine.  Also, if they hit, they do direct damage - and Dark Strike becomes good along with Dr. E.  They’re forfeits’ not great for deploy/power ratio, but P-59 and P-60 add for some bonus fun and retrieving with droids that don’t matter is fun too.  SSA-306 and Guri are my "tech" against WYS.  While I’m sure Guri is acceptable to you, I’m pretty sure you’re rolling your eyes at the other droid.  But that’s aight.  I really hate that objective and he helps me feel a little more solid about holding a location I wanna hold.  If you don’t like him just take him out.

Ships - Obviously being able to deploy ships from Reserve is awesome (can’t deploy Stinger though, remember unpiloted) so two Zuckuss’s is good enough, especially with retrieval.  Bossk + Zuckuss in ship + 4Lom = fun)  Stinger’s there in case you’re in trouble somewhere or need to satisfy Battle Plan or something.

Master, Destroyers is huge.  Making a lone character power - 2 and killing their weapons is really good, especially for recycling a destiny 5.  Rolling, Rolling, Rolling (where the title comes from) isn’t great, but does help out a little.  Neimoidian Advisor’s are there to get out Tat Jabba’s Palace but can grab anything but the Holotable.  The combo Masterful Move hits Tein Numb Superstar without you having to go over there (always a bonus, even if they’re expecting it) - the regular versions are just as good.  Hidden Weapons is always fun and lets Boba Fett + other bounty hunter spoiler plans of LS holding a location.  Trap Door’s fun if they come to the Audience Chamber or if you need some retrieval late game.  Sniper/ Dark Strike’s always fun and Ghhk should be in every deck.  

Effects - Scum’s important so duel copies - just watch out for Grimtaash lost.  Bad Feeling Have I x2 is something I play in every DS deck.  It’s really good and slows down mainly only EPP Han and Jedi Luke, Yoda, and any form of Obi (cept Padawan) if they’re playin the new KLorSlug.  It also slows down WYS a lot.  Molatar is huge for your droids and Boba Fett and also keeps Fett and Jodo and Jabba’s deploy normal.  No Escape gets around Honor - doh)

Rancor’s for fun)

MatchUps - EBO/Hidden Base - do as much damage as you can before they flip/deploy EBO.  Once that happens, use Zuckuss and 4Lom to battle with Scum down.  You retrieve 3 they lose 1 no matter the outcome.  If they’re using superFalcon try to get Guri in Stinger and Bossk down = 1 destiny for them 2 for you.  If they’re using non-uniques then bust out the new shield to slow down their game.  If not, stick with what ya got.

WYS - bust out SSA to the cantina (most WYS are playin Menace Fades to kill your bonuses, so sticking him at Audience Chamber won’t do anything.  Get Bad Feeling Have I down early.  They’ll try to control the space and ground but you’ve got them beat on ground with Hidden Weapons and Guri (guri works in space, but fightin Dash may be hard).

Combat - let them deploy Jedi then drop a lone character to battle.  Retrieve 3 and make them lose 1.  Then lose your guy.  Keep doin it over an over till they start stacking guys at locations to give you beats.  Then drop with Hidden Weapons and take out someone strong, leave someone weak and hit ’em for damage.

QMC - drop and initiate battle against their characters.  You retrieve even if they run away (dodge,path of least resistance, etc).  Look out for beats and once you make ’em goofy on the ground, fight them in space.  Just keep battling and retrieving.  Not a hard game - make sure to cancel their retrieval with the Masterful Move combo.   '