---
layout: post
author: ! Christopher "Jedi Silk" Johnson
title: ! "Senate Retrieval"
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-03-26
description: ! 'No one in your area plays a Senate deck. This deck uses the senate to retrieve big time.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'STARTING CARDS (7) 
An Unusual Amount Of Fear
Plead My Case To The Senate / Sanity And Compassion 
Coruscant Galactic Senate 
Coruscant (EP1) 
Heading For The Medical Frigate 
Insurrection 
Menace Fades

STARTING EFFECT & SHIELDS (10)  
Ultimatum 
Wise Advice 
Aim High 
A Close Race 
A Tragedy Has Occurred 
Your Ship? 
Your Insight Serves You Well 
Ounee Ta 
Don’t Do That Again 
Do, Or Do Not 

CHARACTERS (21) 
Supreme Chancellor Valorum 
Mas Amedda (x2) 
Sei Taria (x2) 
Yarua (x2) 
Senator Palpatine 
Liana Merian 
Horax Ryyder 
Padme Naberrie
Coruscant Guard 
Yoda Master Of The Force 
Master Qui-Gon 
Qui-Gon Jinn with Lightsaber 
Mace Windo 
Luke With Lightsaber 
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber 
Captain Panaka 
Caldera Righim 
Deneb Both 

SHIPS (10) 
X-Wing (x10) 

LOCATIONS (4) 
Coruscant Docking Bay (EP1) 
Malastare 
Naboo 
Tatoonie (EP1) 

INTERRUPTS (13) 
Hyper Escape (x4) 
Houjix & Out Of Nowhere (x2) 
Mindful Of The Future (x2) 
The Signal (x2)
A Few Maneuvers 
Might Of The Republic 
Stay Here Where It’s Safe 

EFFECTS (4) 
Bacta Tank 
Legendary Starfighter 
Rebel Fleet 
Senate Hovercam

WEAPONS (1) 
Panaka’s Blaster 
'

Strategy: '

This deck is not designed to face off against another Senate deck. I designed it in hopes of catching everyone at my local tournament (in Nurenburg, Germany) by surprise. Why? Because, let’s face it, if your opponent has no senators you can get any bonus you want from your senators, and what I wanted was retrieval. I got mad retrieval in all the play test games I played with it and the tournament except in the only two games that I played vs. another Senate deck, which were this decks only to losses. 

That was the results of the original deck. This is the updated deck with the new cards. Still not designed to face off with another Senate deck.

Stars of the show Mas Amedda, Sei Taria, and Yarua. For this deck to work Yarua and Mas Amedda must be in the majority, throw in Sei Taria and unless your opponent has ”Imperial Decree in play, you get massive force drains also. 

Always get the Coruscant Guard to the Senate; this prevents your opponent (with no senators) from deploying someone to get a destiny draw just to get rid of your senators. 

Pull the docking bay and deploy it first turn. All other characters (besides the senators of course) deploy here so you can meet the system + site requirement. With Caldera Righim at the docking bay the opponent won’t be able to deploy enough characters there to start a battle to take the bay away from you. 

Always use Liana Merian’s game text. 

Save Senator Palpatine’s text for space battle’s you can’t Hyper Escape from. 

Supreme Chancellar Valorum’s text is a nasty surprise for anyone who tries to take your docking bay. Especially if Caldera Righim is there. 

Use The Signal to pull effects in the following order. 1) Rebel Fleet, 2) Bacta Tank, 3) Legendary Starfighter, 4) Senate Hovercam. 

Always deploy X-Wings from Rebel Fleet unless you can get one on table and Hyper Escape early. 

The Bacta Tank will help you hold the docking bay. Just redeploy your lost character (oh, say someone with a lightsaber) back to the docking bay.

Use Might Of The Republic to get the stars of the show first, then a Guard, then to retrieve. 

If anyone has suggestions on how to improve this deck, please let me know.
'