---
layout: post
author: ! Dunya "Hardpack" Ertan
title: ! "well handle this boys step a side"
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-03-04
description: ! 'drain,duel and laugh'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'starting

we will handle this
inner strength
boonta eve
battle order/combo
anakin podracers
naboo generator
naboo generator core
tatooine podracer arena
an usual amount of fear
(10 defensive shields)

characters
qui gon jin x2
quin gon jedi master
dash rander
caldrean righim
yoda master of the force
artoo combo
chewiw with gun
han with gun
leia rebel princess
obi wan with glow stick 
jedi luke x2
padme
wedge antiles
jar jar blinks
mace windo jedi master

locations
naboo system

effects
lightsaber profiency 
menace fades
traffic control
what was it x2

ships
artoo detoo in red 5 x2
home one
red quadran 1
outrider
gold squdran 1

destiny seven cards
bionic hand 
ewok catapult
i thought they smelled bad
intruder missile x5

intrupts
suprise assualt
podrace prep
are you brain dead
mind of the future x3
out of commision x2
on the edge x2
a step backward x6



'

Strategy: '

edit2 Gen is born retart. If some one playing froce choke deck you do not need a system for the menace fades. If u read the cards a little it will help u under stand. qui qon make them redraw there destnies from reserve deck. What was that makes them +1 after the first dueling. So u should have 8 for each draw. U got enough sevens to deal with strike blocking. U pull grabbers with defensive shields. Like i told in my stradegy space is for hoth or dark deal. Its a preventive measure. Seriously dude u need to look at the cards before u give peoples ratings. This deck will beat any deck u put front of it.

edit Invasion is not what this deck is worried about. With intruder missiles as destinies draws and controling inner naboo sites there should not be a problem. 

Goo nee tay is a great card with this deck. But i like to stop the early force drains quick. Battle order gives me time to set up if need it. U never no when u will get a bad hand. 
stop edit

This is a powerful dueling deck. The card selection is very powerful and suprising. This deck had succes against all the major decks in current play.

some card choices

Suprise assualt WIth the high destinies in here there is a no brainer. This is a side stradegy.

on the edge No problem with high destinies and activation

Naboo this is a decision time. If you see dark deal or high ground drain use menace fades and naboo system no problem.

What was it This is a high under used card in the dueling process i believe. After the first dueling process all ur dueling destinies are +1 and with sevens laugh at opponents.

Obi wan with stick Can not be circled with some red cards. Put him at generator and make him +2 and with saber built in he is +4. no problem there

caldrean h This guy is made for this deck. Put him behind a jedi and they are safe from a big beat down.
First couple of turns

Activate and deploy a jedi if possible. If not drew some and start the race. Matters on what they are playing start the drain race and dare them to come to naboo for dueling. This way u can make them out of commision and drain safely.



'