---
layout: post
author: ! Tom "KissTK" Kathman
title: ! "T- God Of Thunder -K"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-01-30
description: ! "My version of the BHBM Obj. that I’ve been playing with on and off now for over a year.  Alot of changes over that time, but the same ole space beats."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start
BHBM
Insig. Rebellion
Your Destiny
Fear Is My Ally
Prepared Defenses
DSII Throne Room
YCHF/MP
Power of the Hutt
Incon. Losses

Systems
Wakeelmui
Kiffex
Naboo
Tatooine
Endor

Effects
Dreaded Imp Starfleet
The Phantom Menace
Sienar Fleet Systems x2
Emps Power

Interrupts
All Power To Weapons x3
Short-range Fighters x2
Sense x2
Alter
Twi’lek Advisor
Neimoidian Advisor
Imp Artillery x3
I Can’t Shake Him x2
Unsalvageable
Dark Maneuvers
Force Lightning x2

Peeps
Ephant Mon
Darth Vader w/ stick
Darth Maul w/ stick x2
Emp Palpy x2

Weapons
SFS Cannons 9.3 x5

Ships
TIE Interceptors x7
Blizzard 4
The Emps Shield
The Emps Sword

Fighter Cover
'

Strategy: '

Here is the basic startegy.  Use Power of the hutt first turn to get out Ephant Mon to the throne room to get that spy protection in the throne room going right off the bat.  Second turn, pull one of the Emp out, grab emps power, and a force lightning (afterall, he is the god of thunder ;oP)  Now you are ready to settle in space.  This deck can, and should, be played differnet against certain deck types. So the basis from here changes as to the type of deck your up against.  I won’t go into alot of detail as to the exact differnt decks but I break them down mainly into two types.  Space and Ground decks.  Against most ground decks, the key is to set up shop in the throne room with Paply and control the space lanes with a TIE or two for some heavy draining.  All my sites (except Tat and Wake) are drains of two so these would be the sites to control first.  The only exception to this rule is WYS  Against WYS take control of Tat ASAP  Hold that site, and you slow down their retrieval, and take away their space package.  1 TIE with a gun and the right cards will draw 2 destiny and clear the site anytime someone wants to play in space.  And it will be immune to attrition to boot.  Also against WYS, I am finding that if you drop ephant mon and Emp into the cantina and set up a good ground drain right away.  Make them either burn a sheild (battle plan) or come in and say hi.  With you controlling the cantina, then Blizz 4, Maul, and Vader are used to help control the other sites by dropping, hacking, and then dieing.  In otherwords, they are Darth Bombs  They go down, chop a player or two, pull two destiny and then die.  Then on your next turn, deploy a TIE retrieve a force to put him back in the deck.  Repeat cycle.  Tends to keep the other player thin at sites with personalities.  Take the fight to WYS.....Don’t worry about the extra destiny they draw, you will retrieve it back anyway.  But for most other ground decks, go for the drain race.  With you having 4 systems that are drains of 2, plus the Imp Arts, spread out and drain.  use the Darth’s as Bombs again to manage the drains against you with a drain stopper on Dreaded as well.  You should be able to pull off a good dif win that way.  
  Against space, it’s pretty simple, BATTLE  Battle often, shoot them down to the point of not being able to draw a destiny by using 3 force to add to the shot to make him auto lost.  Power up with All power, loose a force to Emps power and throw in a I can’t shake him.  If you pull off even one of those combos, most people tend to stay away from the lonely TIE ;o)  Even if they draw destiny on you, your TIE gun gets recycled and counts as 3 of the attrition with Incon. Losses and one of the TIEs there shuffles back into the deck.  Against a space deck, the more often you can recycle the TIE the more retrieval you will have in the long run.  So take the fight to him.  

Overall, I have only made minor changes to this deck with all the newer sets since DSII.  But the deck stays strong and only the better player will beat this deck.  (Hunter has cleaned my clock a couple of times now)(murmurmur Hunter ;oP)  Good luck and have fun with this, I know I have.

TK '