---
layout: post
author: ! Greg "TychoCelchu" Shaw
title: ! "Force Lightning is TECH"
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-12-10
description: ! "Solid Hunt Down that took 2nd at Worlds"
rating: 5.0
---
Cards: 

'Start 9
HDADTJ
Exe Med Chamber
Exe Holotheatre
Visage
Prep Defenses
IAO + SP
Mob Points + YCHF
No Escape
Fear Is My Ally

Locations 4
Carida
Exe DB
Blockade Flagship DB (best site in the game)
Spaceport DB (for Combat or JCC drainage)

Characters 17
Lord Vader x2
DVDLOTS x2
EPP Maul x3
Palpy x2
Janus x2
Sidious
vProphetess
P-59
Dr. E + PB
IG W/Gun
Super Fett

Green 1
Vader’s Saber

Blue 7
Blizzard 4 x2
Zuckuss in MH x2
Bossk in MH
Maul’s Infiltrator x2

Effects 9
Colo (start against combat)
First Strike
vHyperwave Scan
Visage x3
vMolator
Enter the Bureaucrat
Bad Feeling

Interrupts 13
Blow Parried x2
Accelerate Plans x2
Masterful Move x2
MMove Combo
Ghhhk
Monnok
Force Field
Force Lightning (make sure you write this card down on your decklist)
They’re Still Coming x2 '

Strategy: '

This is a solid Hunt Down deck with modifications for the Worlds meta. When I was building it, I knew I needed something that could beat LSCombat, WYS, and QMC. This is what I came up with. I’m going to assume most of you know how to play Hunt Down, so I’ll skip right to the main strategy.

There are 4 Vaders and 2 Bliz 4s, enough cards to get Vader out early. This deck plays the same against most matchups get lots of damage with Visage and drains, then beatdown their weak sites and keep Hunt Down flipped. The early pressure will force them to make mistakes, and you need to capitalize on those mistakes in order to win. Because most of the game will be smart play, I’ll just give some specific matchups.

WYS
You have very little space. It’s usually not a good idea to waste it early, because you will a)lose all of your space, b)get an Outrider + Melas beatdown for many cards off your deck, or c) both. You get 6 force first turn. First turn Vader to the Cantina is ideal. If they play It’s A Hit early, grab it. Otherwise wait to catch OOC. Find Bureaucrat when they go to Kessel. The first couple of turns usually decides the game. If they put vLuke in space to get back some Visage loss, you will win. Luke in space means you stay flipped and you can drop Zuckuss or somebody in Maul’s Ship in front of Luke and you will block a drain and satisfy Battle Plan, while they are unable to battle you.
Luke on the ground is a little harder. Use your characters wisely, because they have a tendancy to die quickly to multiple draws. As long as you stay flipped, you should pull out the win.

Combat
This deck was made to beat Combat (it’s the main reason why the Thrawn + Commands space package was dropped for higher destinies). You have LOTS of cards to deal with combat. Start Claw Fish to kill Jedi easily. Blow Parried x2, Janus x2, and vProphetess, along with high destiny average, will help you win some combat totals, or at least stick around for your turn. You should also know that the initiator draws combat destiny first. This means that you can see their total before you waste Blow Parried (it almost always gets grabbed), or decide to use it. Track as much as possible, and use Prophetess during each of their battle phases. Battle if you get the chance, First Strike will work wonders.

QMC
MAKE SURE YOU WRITE FORCE LIGHTNING ON YOUR DECKLIST It cost me $2500, don’t let it happen to you -P
I don’t have too much experience against this deck, but here’s what I’ve learned.
QMC can be a tough matchup.  It is important to keep the damage flowing early on, even if it means paying 6 to drain them for 3. If you let them set up, you are likely to lose. Most of the matchup is playing smart. Don’t walk into a beatdown, but try to stay aggressive. Sidious is a beast, get him out early if you can.
The Luke in space trick works, but watch out for them dropping a Jedi and then beating you down with Wedge + Luke.

That’s all for now, I’ll add more later when I’m not tired.

Greg '