---
layout: post
author: ! Justin "MoffWicket" Alfs
title: ! "Moffwickets Dark Combat"
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-01-28
description: ! 'This final version is a beast.  Its won me the last 2 tournaments with a lifetime record of 9-0.  Best DS Mains & Toys platform ever.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting Cards
Fear is My Ally + the 10 best shields
Let Them Make the First Move/At Last We Will Have Revenge
Deep Hatred
Naboo Generator
Naboo Generator Core
Prepared Defenses
Wipe Them Out
TPM
YCHF

Podracers
Sebulba’s Go-cart

Locations
Coruscant (SE)
Dagobah Cave
Blockade ship Bridge
Imperial Holotable

Starships
Bossk in HT
Zuckuss in MH
Dengar in P1

Weapons
Maul’s Double-Blade x2
Vader’s stick
Mara’s stick
Aurra Sing’s Bazooka

Characters
Lord Maul x3
Palpy x2
Sidious
Choke Lord x2
Mara Jade
Janus
Dr. E & little buddy
Bobba Fett, Bounty Hunter
Aurra Sing
4-LOM w/pointy stick
IGGY w/pop gun

Effects
TPM x2
Visage x3
No Escape
Enter the Bureaucrat

Interrupts
Masterful Move x2
Ghhhk
Monnok
Evader
Ommni Box/It’s Worse
Force Lightning
Blow Parried x2
Vader’s Obsession x2
Maul Strikes x2
I Have You Now
Young Fool
Shut Him Up or Shut Him Down
'

Strategy: '

 


Here’s how it works.  You will almost always be able to drop a Sith on the first turn.  If you have the matching saber in hand, put him at the Core so you can chop the little Light losers to the used pile.  If no saber, then deploy to the +2 power site.  Always remember to activate 1 with wipe them out.  DO NOT automatically throw down a 6 or 7 under your Sith.  If it’s never used, that could be a valuable card to Janus back for something useful or to just lose to a drain.  If you know you will be dueling, or if you think the characters your opponent just deployed can kill your guy, then stack it.  Only then.  

Back up your lone Jedi ASAP, because they will try to kill him.  Choke Vader with a saber or Maul and his double blade plus Dr. E at the Core are quite intimidating.  Save all the bounty hunters for attack.  Don’t use them to drain unless you are desperate for characters late game.  Fett + any BH other than just 4lom means 3 battle destinies.  Quite devastating.  If pesky Jedi invade Theed and survive to see your turn, use Maul to combat them upside the head.  Maul is obviously your goto guy because of the extra force loss, but any Jedi should suffice when you have a guaranteed 7 and another good destiny.

Should you be unable to combat away your opponent’s Jedi (and that’s highly unlikely), there are plenty of ways of eliminating them.  Iggy can easily capture anyone.  YCHF makes even the masters defense 6, and there are 14 destinies of 6 or 7 floating around the deck.  4-LOM cancels immunity, as well does Aurra’s blaster.  

Here’s a breakdown of the destinies excluding the starting cards.
0=4
1=17
2=2
3=6
4=2
5=6
6=8
7=6
1 zero, a 1, and a 2 can be quickly pulled out by Masterful Move.  The majority of the ones are characters who will be deployed or in your hand, and the sabers can be fetched with Mara and Maul Strikes.  Factor in Janus, and in no time your reserve will be nothing but bone-crushingly high destinies.

Card choices

Sebulba’s racer--If your opponent wants to race but doesn’t play (or can’t get into hand) his racing interrupts, you will win the race.  Against most racing decks you will lose though.  For the shield to work, you must play with Sebulba, and that is why he is in here.  A typical race will result in me losing only 4 force and the opponent retrieving none due to Big Coward or Secret Plans.

Locations--The holotable is there to drain at and for fetchable activation.  All the other locations are not only twixes, but the safest twixes possible.

Blow Parried--If you face LS combat, congradulations.  You will be playing the most enjoyable matchup possible.  You will also need this card to win that matchup.  It’s not wasted if you face other decks, though.  Janus it away, use it to draw a force, or just ditch it to a drain.

Darth Sidious--Honestly, this card is not that great.  If I had a 3rd Palpy, I’d prolly use it instead.  Sidious is useful if you put him alone at the +2 site and you are holding a Ghhhk.  Your opponent may try to slap him around with a lone suicide Obi or QuiGon, in which case Sidious will place them out of play with his last dying effort.

Evader--Revos will screw you for force.  I didn’t use the combo because I like the destiny better and I can fetch my regular Monnok with MM.

Young Fool--Places annoying characters OOP.  Very easy in combo with Force Lightning.

Vader’s Obsession--Should they deploy a Luke somewhere, he will die.  Stack a 7 or two 7s under Vader and make them lose a lot of force.  You can retrieve a ton then too.  This is one of the most potentially powerful swings in terms of force available.

Shut Him Up--So few people realize the power of this card.  Two tournaments ago I saw Bacta Tank used in every game played against me, and in almost every game adjacent to me.  

Matchups
Suicide Mains--Repeated EPP Luke attacks are the best way to beat most Dark Combat decks.  Not mine.  I Have You Now will crush him.  Allegations grabs Resiliance.  Shut Him up shuts down Bacta Tank.  Young Fool places him OOP.  Force Lightning zaps him.  Vader chokes him.  There are so many ways of dealing with him.  The rest of the game will be full of battles, some of which you may lose.  Ghhhk is there to save you and Wipe Them Out makes sure you can pay for it.  Sometimes it’s wise to not draw destiny, leaving the enemy alive for a major beatdown next turn.  Big Coward makes it impossible for them to make a comback.

Boom Racing--Auto-win.  Big Coward single-handidly shuts them down.  Grab OOC.  Pummle their puny characters.  

EBO/HB space--Battle Order makes it hard for them to pay.  Bureaucrat elimiates one big drain.  Wait until they spread thin, then BAM  Zuckuss, Bossk, Dengar.  You can drain for big too.  This deck has a maximum drain potential of 10.  I’ve gotten it up to 9 in a tournament game.

WYS--Strangely enough, I haven’t faced this deck yet.  The shields shut down their funny business.  Bureacrat stops the Kessel drain.  I can outdrain them anyway.  My guys can take over the Cantina quickly and permanently, and as you all know, that is how you beat WYS.

LS saber combat--Enjoy.  Nothing is as fun as this.  It will be close if your opponent is good.  Grab his Stike Blocked if possible.  Use your Blow Parried liberally.  Here’s a tip most people haven’t figured out yet It’s better to track well than to stack well.  A stacked 7 can be Blocked.  If you get 2 7’s together (which is not hard), you can easily track them around every turn and win every single time.  Worse case scenario their Quigon with new stick draws two 7’s and ties your Maul with double stick.  Every other time they lose 4 force and prolly the Jedi too.

Any other deck--Just do the same thing everytime.  Establish a strong drain with some of your Jedi.  If they come after you, retaliate with extreme prejudice.  If they don’t, then you drain for a ton and win.  If they’re doing something you should be worried about, then send a hit squad over to their planet and purify it.

If you don’t think this is a good deck, you’re not very smart.  I’ve beaten both Raveling and Grace with this, so you know it’s gold.

-Justin "Moffwicket" Alfs '