---
layout: post
author: michael "Deck" Gemme
title: 'Pinned Down Tech - Thats All'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-03-27
description: ! 'Pinned Down: opponent may not react away from a battle where you have a blaster, if they do, draw destiny, they lose that much force'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'START -9

BHBM
Insignificant Rebellion
Your Destiny
Fear is my Ally
Throne Room on DS2
Prep Defenses
PINNED DOWN
Crush the Rebellion
IAO/Secret Plans

CHARACTERS -19

EPP Vader x4
EPP Maul x3
Aurra Sing
Emporer x2
Janus Greejatus
IG88 w/ gun
P59
Boba Fett w/ BLASTER x2
Dengar w/ BLASTER x2
Mighty Jabba
4Lom w/ gun

LOCATIONS - 3

Spaceport dbay
cc dbay
death star 2 dbay

EFFECTS -7

No Escape
Sebulba’s Pod
Blast Door Controls x2
Emporer’s power
First strike
Reactor Terminal

INTERRUPTS -7

Dark Strike
Imperial Supply x2
Force Lightning
Evader/monnok
Circle is now Complete
Ihave you now

STARSHIPS -2

Zuckuss in mist hunter

SEVENS -14

Aurra Sing’s BLASTER x5
Imperial Artillery x3
The Phantom Menace x3
Visage of the Emporer x3




'

Strategy: '

first of all myyers didnt even read the strat because i haave beaten hidden base flip with this deck.

also this deck isnt virtual card updated...  i tell you this - that blaster rack helps this deck bigtime, and major modifications can be made to include ponda baba’s blaster and shizzzzz its hot. lata


This deck was made to beat LS combat, which it does.. steve, justin, hayes, eric and i went ot a tourney in albany, and hayes, eric and brad reinhold all played LS combat, and this beat their version with out a problem.. so that is why this deck was built. plus its fun.

First off, i know people think 14 sevens is bad, but its just more fun that way.  Plus pinned down

Okay so people cant leave the battle, if they do and cancel it, you draw a seven and they lose seven.  THe guns that work with this are, dengar’s, boba’s and aurra’s none of the other guns like p59 or IG or anything like that, so dont get confused please. 

basically with this deck you drop and beat, they cant run away. so theyre stuck dealing with aurra’s sick gun, or pretty much just getting shot anyways because you can hit anyone, even quigon.  

why five of her gun?? read pinned down, its a seven, why not?? you only need one of her so who cares.

Sebulba’s pod is in there cause you have mad sevens.

zuckuss is enough for space because him, 4lom, emporeres power, you just have to win a battle or two.. this beat hidden base flip played by a top100 in the world player.

just get vader down. if they give you luke fine.. just go win battles. if you’ve ever read my bring him up the anus, its the exact same strategy.. all of the guys in this deck add destiny with each other for the most part and i just like p59 for the direct damage and stuff like that.

i’m not saying this is the best deck in the world but it is a pretty fun deck and it wins games in the hand of a good player.. i ahvent posted in a while and this is the best deck ive made recently and it helped me in a tournament where i beat hayes and eric hunter, as well as steve baroni and got me to 1942 rating.. which is huge. 

so i hope you like it enough.. later yo

i actually made this deck

'