---
author: Gabe "Phillipe2" Drapos
title: 'Lightsaber Combat... with some surprises'
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-03-09
description: 'Basic lightsaber combat... except for one thing...'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Objectives (1)
We&#8217;ll Handle This/Duel Of The Fates

Starting (9)
Naboo: Theed Palace Generator
Naboo: Theed Palace Generator Core
Inner Strength
An Unusual Amount Of Fear (+10 Defensive Shields)
Podrace Prep
Anakin&#8217;s Podracer 
Podrace Arena
Boonta Eve Podrace
I did It

Characters (16)
Leia, Rebel Princess x2
Yoda, Master Of The Force
Chewie Enraged x2
Luke With Lightsaber
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x2
Lando Calrissian, Scoundrel x2
Qui Gon Jinn, Jedi Master x2
Master Qui Gon
Qui Gon With Lightsaber
Obi Wan Kenobi Jedi Knight x2


Effects (8)
What Was It?
Advantage
Colo Claw Fish
Armament Dismantled
Reflection x2
Traffic Control
A tremor (or disturbance I forget exactly what its called) in the force

Interrupts (14)
A Jedi&#8217;s Concentration
Armed And Dangerous
A Jedi&#8217;s Patience
A Jedi&#8217;s Focus
Dodge x2
Strike Blocked x2
Swing And A Miss
Clinging To The Edge
Weapon Levitation x3
Darth Mauls Demise

Weapons (12)
Obi Wan&#8217;s Lightsaber
Qui Gon Jinn&#8217;s Lightsaber
Anakin&#8217;s Lightsaber
Luke&#8217;s Lightsaber
Intruder Missile x2
Ewok Catapult x2
Jar Jar&#8217;s Electropole x2
Bionic Hand x2



Strategy: 

Strategy
Use The podrace to draw out some defensive shields and then the tremor in the force to draw out another.  Now they will have two or three gone.  Send the first qui gon you get (it doesn’t REALLY matter) to the generator core and then send obi wan to the generator.  If maul comes make sure you have two combat cards (or at least one) innitiate a duel.  Obi wan should win if he is armed with qui gons lightsaber.  Begin draining until another dark jedi comes.  By this time you should have at least one 7 destiny combat card on each jedi.  Beat him back until he leaves and then keep draining.  If another comes then beat him back and start draining again.  You will be getting a 6 force drain per turn.  THen have lsjk armed with lukes lightsaber and Leia rebel princess armed with anakins lightsaber beating and draining at Tatooine podracing arena.  If the enemy is playing a tie deck he wont stand a chance.  Just by controlling Core, Generator, and podrace arena with the characters i said you will be force draining 9 force a turn.  Even with anyone else there it will be 6 force a turn.  Use lando and chewie to fight on enemy locations (just because you need to give them something to do) and you should be all set! 