---
layout: post
author: Maximilien "Kiriel" Bouchard
title: 'Fear Will Keep Them In Line (V)  ALPHA'
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-08-10
description: 'This deck ROCK, I know there are a lot of FWKTIL deck but this one is a little different. I try to make it the best it could be.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (9)
SYCFA 
Prepared Defenses
Fear is my ally
Oppressive Enforcement
Mobilization Points & YCHFE
Imperial Arrest Order & Secret Plans
Death Star
D* DB
Alderaan

Location (5)
D* War room
Kiffex
Rendili
Corulag
Exec DB

Admiral Order (1)
We’re in Attack Position Now

Effect (7)
Blast door Controls
Fear will keep them in line V x2
There will be hell to pay
Lateral Damage
No Escape
A Bright Center to the Universe

Starship (7)
Executor 
Chimaera x2
Zuckass
Devastator
Imperial-class star destroyer V x2

Characters (17)
EPP Maul x2
EPP Vader x2
Boba Fett Bounty Hunter 
Emperor Palpatine x4
Arica
Commamder Merrejk
Admiral Piett
Admiral Chiraneau 
Admiral Ozzel
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Janus
M’iiyoom Onith

Interrupt (15)
Imperial Command x4
Force Lighning
Sense x2
We must accelerate our plans x2
Twi’lek Advisor
Force Field
I have you now
Ghhk & those rebel won’t escape us x2
Alter 

Strategy: 

This deck ROCK, I know there are a lot of FWKTIL deck but this one is a little different.
Now you can do massive direct damage in space !!

The objectif is simply to have 3 star destroyer at each BG system with Palpy at the D*: DB you can play FWKTIL and activate like 16 force on turn 3 !(if opponent give you no force)

First turn Deploy Exec :Db, War room, Rendili, And look for an Imp Command in your deck if you don’t have one, Piett or Merrejek. If you must draw to get one of them draw. if you get one in your hand Grab piet, Merrejek, Corulag, Move piet at D*db if you don’t fear an EPP first turn and Merrejek must rest at Exec Db.

Second turn: you activate like 13 force if you have Palpy deploy him on  D*db + maybe an Destroyer + a Pilot if opponent give you some force. if not Draw few to get what you want and keep enough force to deploy in mass.

Rest of the game Deploy drain and beat in space.  The EPP are there for chirurgical Strike : kill a lone character. You creat a force loss of 15 a turn (max) with FWKTIL, CHiraneau and Janus.

WHY ??
A Bright Center to the Universe, A tech Again QMC (pucumir), WYS Raider(I’ll take the leader) and Endor drain deck(scout).  

Force Lighning : to kill undercover spies or opponent that come to kill my Palpy on the D*db.

Ghhk & those rebel won’t escape us x2 : Landing claw, Hyper Escape, Palace raider...  

M’iiyoom Onith: Excellent card if you activate a lot and I activate a lot.

ALter : Cancel Sense and Goo Ney Tay because Goo Ney Ray cancel M’iiyoom Onith ! Cancel Celeb !

Boba Fett Bounty Hunter. Add a battle with all my character except with MAul.

There will be hell to pay: No one see it come.

Matchup :
WYS this is a good matchup because you can hold them in space and they can’t cancel your FWKTIL. An important thing : You don’t have to attack them early in the game because your direct will kill them.  Power Pivot can hurt you a lot because you can’t sense it. If luke go in space you can use VAder + I have you Now vs him. VS Raider version with 3 db and I ’ll take the leader play  A Bright Center to the Universe.

QMC
A Bright Center to the Universe hold his drain but you must keep a ship at D* if you don’t want to have it Cancel by the falcon (hyperspeed 6). You can try to beat him if you hold a sense to cancel his path. But usualy keep your sense for his Power Pivot.

Space deck : Battle will be hot in space but you should win because your direct damage make the diff.

Ground deck (profit, Throne main, We have a plan)
The fastest will win and you are usualy the fastest. (I win vs a profit deck by 30 ) 

The only change I see is to replace Oppressive Enforcement by Something special Planned for them. 
But this mean I will play Oppressive shield in the first turn.

Thanks for your review
Kiriel  