---
layout: post
author: Chris "vader69" Seymour
title: 'Pardon Me, My Lord You Should Not Burp While We Are In A Senate majority'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-03-06
description: 'this is my senate deck that i will be playing in my next episode 1 tournament, it`s a senate deck while draining on naboo and baskol yeesrim for some direct damage.PLEASE READ THE STRATEGY SECTION BEFORE REVIEWING, THANK YOU'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting  (6)
My lord is that legal/of course it is
Galactic senate
Naboo theed palace: generator core
Neimodian advisor
Begin landing your troops
Fear is my ally

Characters (23)
Lott Dod x2
Passel argente
Toonbuck toora
Baskol yeesrim x2
Porn free ta x2
Aks moe
Yeb yeb adem thorn
Tikkes
Darth Maul, young apprentice x2
Tey how
Neimodian pilot
Chokk
P-59
P-60
Infantry battle droid x4
Keder the black

Locations (3)
Naboo theed palace: generator
Naboo theed palace docking bay
Naboo

Starships (2)
Trade federation battleship x2

Weapons (4)
Maul`s lightsaber (don`t have the double sided)
Battle droid blaster rifle x3

Interrupts (17)								       Point is conceded x3
Squabbling delegates x2
Maul strikes
On the payroll of the trade federation 
Sense x3
Control x2
Alter x3
Neimodian advisor x2

Effects (4)
Enter the bureaucrat 
Motion supported
This is outrageous
Accepting trade federation control

Podracer (1)	
Sebulba`s podracer

Defensive shields
You`ve never won a race
Fanfare
Allegations of corruption
We`ll let fate decide a huh
Weapon of a sith



Strategy: 

This is my episode 1 only senate deck. The main idea with this deck is to have a senate majority and baskol yeesrim there so they lose 1 force for every naboo battleground you occupy. Start the game by putting senators down. There is 2 squabbling delegates to help get them out and especially lott dod so you can take a card from force pile every turn. First turn you can deploy the naboo docking bay using begin landing your troops. 

You`ve got powerful characters like maul young apprentice, he is brilliant when hitting jedi with your lightsaber, chokk is power 7 when defending a battle and he`s armor 4, the 2 destroyer droids work well when they are together. Infantry battle droids make the opponent lose 1 force when you hit them with the blaster, and they are power 3 each when initiating the battle. Aks moe makes your battleships power +2 and the pilot adds 2 so they are power 10 each.

You`ve got good draining places. Motion supported adds 2 when you put a senator there. The lightsaber adds 1. You can use 3 of the defensive shields which are allegations of corruption which is brilliant grabbing an opponents interrupt, fanfare which can get you one of the enter the bureaucrats which can limit an opponents drain down to 1. You`ve never won a race is to limit the damage because you have sebulba`s podracer and hopefully to stop I did it. Keder the black can cancel a force drain.

Once you flip the objective, don`t forget to pay 3 force every turn to place 2 cards in opponents used pile from their hand which is brilliant in episode 1 format. Here are the matchups.

-vs- light side senate
try and get your senators quickly down there, dark side has more than light side and 2 squabbling delegates will help get lott dod out. Use your neimodian advisors to get out your locations. Motion supported can add 2 to the force drains making it  much more. Try and get maul down so you can sense their interrupts and cancel their effecs. Control can cancel a vergeance in the force. Make them lose force with your droids and drain them out at naboo. You`ve got some space power to try and get rid of a couple of starships if they play space.

-vs- lightsaber combat
You both play on naboo so you can decide to try and combat them on naboo or use your power to try and kick them off or don`t deploy maul to there, just drain with your other characters, you have got good destiny to hit their characters and make them lose force. If they deploy naboo using lott dods game text, get the cards you want and try and kick them off. Aks moe adds 2 to the power of both of them. Your locations will go on top of theirs so you get the better game text. Accepting trade federation conrol is brilliant by subtracting 3 from their battle destiny.

-vs- hyperdrive
Start by deploying the naboo docking bay. 2 neimodian advisors to get your other locations. Control the senate as quickly as possible so you get a drain of 1 every turn. Put your characters down on naboo and use baskol yeesrims gametext so they lose 1 force for every naboo battleground you occupy. You can control naboo with your 2 starships with their pilots. Lott dod helps get all this out. If they come down to battle you, you can subtract 3 from their battle destiny using accepting trade federation control. Keder the black can cancel one of their drains. Drain them out and retrieve with squabbling delegates once per game.







