---
layout: post
author: ! Vjeko "mighty_maul" Keskic
title: ! "My Keskic Is This Deal Legal ?? aka The Croatian Deal v2.1"
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-11-24
description: ! 'Give Your Opponent Damage With The "Croatian Deal"'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting Stuff (7+1+10)

This Deal Is Getting Worse All The Time/Pray I Don’t Alter It any Further
Cloud City  Downtown Plaza
Prepared Defenses
Imperial Arrest Order & Secret Plans
I’m Sorry
You Cannot Hide Forever & Mobilization Point
Colo Claw Fish
Fear Is My Alley
10 D-Shields (Do They Have A Code Clearance?,Allegations Of Corruption...)



Locations (4)

Bespin
Bespin  Cloud City
Cloud City  Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City  West Gallery

Characters (20)

Darth Vader,Dark Lord Of The Sith x2
Maul With Lightsaber x2
Emperor Palpatine x2
Arica
Tarkin (v) x2
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Admiral Piett
Bane Malar
Boba Fett, Bounty Hunter
P-59
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba 
Prince Xizor
Guri
Janus Greejatus
Baron Soontir Fel aka Der Rote Baron
IG-88

Big Blue & Friends & Orders (6+1+1)

Executor
Stinger
Saber 1
Virago
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Obsidian 8
Blizzard 4
Battle Deployment

Interrupts (12)

Imperial Command x3
Stunning Leader
Endor Occupation & Masterful Move x2
Maul Strikes 
We Must Accelerate Our Plans x2
Force Field
Force Lightning
Overload

Effects (8)

The Phantom Menace 
Bespin Occupation 
Dark Deal
They Must Never Again Leave This City x3
Blast Door Controls
Combat Response '

Strategy: '

first of all please read the whole strategy before you’ll review this deck the "croatian deal" is more than easy to play
but some people (alex du sucker) aren’t able to recognize this start with fish as your 4th effect the other 3 effects are
basic, search with mob. points for the executor and than take the 2 interior battlegrounds into your hand. if opponent forgets
to cancel mob. points search for combat response and deploy it imperial command (Grand Admiral Thrawn against QMC) + They 
Must Never Again Leave This City will be enough to protect Bespin for some rounds. later on Guri & Xizor will help you, 
search again with 1x command for piett and take battle deployment into hand, search with the order for blizzard 4 and with
blizzard 4 for DLOTS, now you’ll got the downtown plaza occupied with DLOTS & Blizzard 4. try to play the deal only with
Obsidian 8 wait until you’ve got the ship in your hand. with the rest of the guys palpy,tarkin (v),fett & P-59 try to keep
some sites and give damage with the occupation maul and phantom menace will help you to clean up qui or kenobi so you see the
strategy is already over and i think everyone is able to play this deck (except alex)

Why Colo Claw Fish as your 4th starting effect??

- This card is more than tech, against LSC with starting the fish you wont get a chance to hit a jedi, so start with the fish
also in my area (escpecially in whole germany, the fish is always in the starting line) play Fish to crush the opponent (he must
overthink a new 3rd effect)

I think the rest seems to be clear, if not don’t b afraid to d-mail me thanks all for reading/rating and supporting my 
deck


i’m out '