---
layout: post
author: ! David "The Founder" Akers
title: ! "Rogue Assigments"
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-01-15
description: ! 'This is an Ebo/Tatooine Celebration Deck that uses matching speeders to frustrate and bewilder both young and old alike.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

' 
Locations
Hoth Echo Command Center (War Room) 
Hoth Echo Corridor 
Hoth Echo Docking Bay 
Hoth Main Power Generators 
Hoth North Ridge 
Spaceport Docking Bay 
Tatooine 
Tatooine Docking Bay 94 

Characters (18)
Admiral Ackbar 
Boush 
Commander Luke Skywalker 
Commander Wedge Antilles 
Derek ’Hobbie’ Kilivan 
Dutch 
First Officer Thaneespi 
Harc Seff 
Jeroen Webb 
Luke Skywalker  x2
Major Haash’n 
Red Leader 
TK-422 
Wedge Antilles, Red Squadron Leader  x2
Zev Senesca  x2

Vehicles (10)
Rogue 1 
Rogue 2 
Rogue 3 
Rogue 4 
Sandspeeder  x2
Snowspeeder  x4

Starships (2)
Home One 
Redemption 

Interrupts (7)
Lone Rogue  x2
The Signal  x5

Effects (14)
A New Secret Base 
An Unusual Ammount of Fear
Bacta Tank 
Combined Fleet Action - Admiral’s Order 
Draw Their Fire 
Echo Base Garrison 
Echo Base Operations 
Honor of the Jedi
Incom Corporation 
Insurrection 
Launching The Assault 
Maneuvering Flaps 
Menace Fades 
Tatooine Celebration  x2

Shields(10)
Pick your favorite but get anti sac/grabber Aim High / Battle Plan '

Strategy: '

Review Responses ******************

Cheese Guys Writes
Ok this deck is different, but has no protection if something goes wrong. Ground decks are full of removal and multipal destinys. Your deck sounds cool if you get it going and if your opponent does nothing, but it tries to do to many things without the cards to back it up. 
Me Removal? Like what weapons, Dr E, You Are Beaten? Thats the whole point to playing speeders.

Cheese Guys Also Writes
It is lame that you delete all the bad reviews, just because your deck has a few problems. You should be setting a better example and use the feedback to improve rather deleting every review that you don’t like. Don’t get me wrong, this is a good idea for a deck, but it does not have what it takes to win against the main DS decks out there right now. People are giving you good reviews just because you run the site, not because this is the best LS deck. Oh well, you will probable delete this review also. Lame...  

Me Well now, I delete bad reviews if they are groundless. What popular dark Side decks are currently being played that this deck doesn’t give you a shot against? I understand that the deck looks odd and there seem to be a bunch of wierd cards in there but that doesn’t make it bad. I did delete your review btw. If you had come out and said this deck looses to X dark deck because of this reason, I wouldn’t have, what you basicly just said was this deck looses without any reason why. Thanks for your opinion but no thanks.


Some other guy wrote you know Dengar with Gun and Too cold for speeders would wreck this deck. he even said people commonly play thoose cards. Now I’ll admit I haven’t been playing in tournaments lately but I don’t ever recall seeing someone play both of those cards in the same deck before, and very infrequently do they play one or the other. To worry about those cards would be retarded, unless you keep beating people over and over with this deck. Then you can expect to see them.


Someguy said something about walkers on hoth. I’ll fight anything on hoth walkers, scouts, jedi. Basicly Hoth is the worst place for the DS to go. they can’t deploy there and the speeders are so fat. Plus with honor down and menace in effect it’s like waisting all those cards. You just sit back and keep hitting them with draw thier fire, loosing stuff to the tank and doing it over and over. No need to drain. 


Him You’ve gotta throw down 3 guys to set up EBO (and there aren’t alot in the deck), plus have enough people to hold Tatooine. 

Me Well there are quite a few in the deck plus you only need 2 guys and a speeder. BTW you can pull people from the reserve with EBG. Basicly on this issue you are completly wrong, and to top it off you don’t stick around on hoth you transit to Tat. Why stay on Hoth?

Him Maul in his ship will cause your ships problems if Luke’s already on the ground. 

Me Ever heard of shuttling characters up? 

Him You’d be better off playing Tatooine, the 3 DBs, and I’ll Take the Leader; your drains are more, and you don’t have to set up on two different planets. 

Me The drains are only 1 more and you have to control 3 ground sites and keep your AO on the table. Plus you don’t need to stick on hoth like I said. EBO is good for getting force out early in the game, making them commit to hoth and getting them stuck there. 



3 Wedges? Heck Yeah this guy is so much the man When with any other pilot on one of unique speeders he cancels a destiny. Most of the time Immune to attrition < 6 and with the Admiral Orders down the oppenent gets 0 destiny. Wedge is huge.


Here is a review I deleted. 
HD kills you. 
Me yeah? What visage? Go with spies cancel visage. Plus they can’t duel luke in a speeder. 

AOBS kills you (and it´s a weak deck). 
Me yea? 3 lukes and speeders plus menace fades, Huge drains from space. Heck I can deploy luke from the reserve deck on the second turn of the game.

TDIGWATT surely kills you. 
Me Menace Fades Plus Big Drains from Tattoine

Might do well against Tatooine decks and RalOps. You don´t need 5 The Signal. 
Me I need lots of effects I like lots of signals for high destiny too

You need more space. 
Me Yea? I just want to control Tatooine and Home one with fish and Redemption and any beefed up forfiet guy/speeder can hold it quite nicely.

You need somewhere to drain with your speeders and you also need at least 2 T-47 Battle Formation. 
Me You drain at Tootine for 4 and each docking bay for 1. It is enough. The only way to get around the Massive drain from tattoine is to play somethign that modifes my drain or resistance. Either way t-47 doesn’t do much.



*******************

Yeah I know your thinking it looks like a pile but hey it’s my pile. Start ANSB and grab some locations. Grab EBG to grab something if you want or not it doesn’t matter on the first turn but later you will abuse this card so bad. 

OK signal for insurrection or Draw Their Fire get Insurrection and you can get out 3 sites per turn. Whatever. The goal is to get Draw the Fire/Insurection Down and start abusing EBG by either using it to grab a matching speeder pilot or grabbing a Lone Rogue to grab a matching speeder. This combo is basically like a semi-squadron assignments for speeders. The matching speeders with flaps are pretty fat too. 

Once you got the speeder guys hammering some people and retrieving force, get out Incom and Flaps and start occupying Docking Bays on Tat and looking for the space stuff.

Set up tat celebration using LTA to grab Home One. Redemption Tank combo and high forfeit will be a good match in space against pretty much anything. Keep shuttling up pilots and Retrieving. 

Don’t forget you can still Move even when flapped between docking bays. If you get into a bind just move back to the hoth docking bay for a turn or two. If the opponent wants to bring it to hoth just sit back and ping them to death with drop strike attacks then when your bored of that throw honor the jedi down and set up on Tatooine. 

Spies to cancel visage and drains you cannot get to with Hark Seff. 

This deck works like a good lock down deck. Once set up and churning you can’t do a thing about it.

Probably the last deck I’ll ever design for SWCCG. It’s been fun. David ”Maelstrom” Akers out. 
'