---
layout: post
author: Geoff "GG BLADE" Bowman
title: 'BHBM - Bastard, He Bit Me!  - Well thats cuz you won.'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-06-09
description: ! 'Classic Ghetto BMBM Deck with tons of battle damage potential.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (9)
BHBM/TYFP
Throne Room
Your Destiny
Insignificant Rebellion
Prepared Defenses
Imperial Arrest Order & Secret Plans
Mobilization Points
First Strike
Fear Is My Ally

Locations (5)
Carida
Death Star II Docking Bay
Executor Docking Bay
Blockade Flagship Bridge
Endor Landing Platform Docking Bay

Characters (17)
Lord Vader
DVDLOTS x2
P-59
P-60
Boba Fett BH
Janus x2
Prince Xizor
Emperor Palpatine x2
Mara Jade TEH
Darth Maul with Lightsaber x3
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba

Ships and Vehicles (4)
IG-88 in IG-2000
Blizzard 4
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Boba Fett in Slave I

Effects (4)
Ability Ability Ability
The Phantom Menace x2
Emperor?s Power

Interrupts (20)
Alter & Collateral Damage
Force Lightning
I Have You Now x2
Imperial Barrier x2
Main Course
Masterful Move x2
Maul Strikes
Monnok
Ommni Box & It?s Worse
Operational As Planned
Podracer Collision
Rise, My Friend
Sense & Uncertain is the Future
Sense x2
We Must Accelerate Our Plans x2

Podracer (1)
Sebulba?s '

Strategy: '

This is your classic ghetto style BHBM.  It is primarily a reactive deck that goes and well battles.  It plays the same against most decks; let them deploy first then go kick the crap out of them.  Huge destiny, power characters equals big battle damage.  Start first strike to give some retrieval, make opponent lose one, and then make him stack one when he loses the battle.  There isn?t really much to this deck, I?ve been playing it since Comic-Con last year, and will be retiring it.  It seems to deploy way too much for what it?s worth.  I?ll probably be switching to Hunt Down, and just thought I?d put the deck before retiring it.

Match-ups All the friggin same.  Let them deploy something, then go kick the pants off of em.  

Card choices
IG in 2000 ? It?s a great and overlooked ship.  It?s just as good as Bossk, except it doesn?t cost nearly as much, but has just one less forfeit.  Why is Bossk?s forfeit so small?

2 Senses, 1 Combo ? Sometimes I want to be able to cancel reacts, sometimes I want to recycle my hand.  Now I?ve got my choice J Yay

1 Maul Strikes vs. 2 I Have You Now?s ? I used to run 2 Maul Strikes because he could pull sabers, well I noticed I don?t really play with sabers, so I switched to 2 I Have You Now?s.

This deck works great except it has to deploy and lose way to much to win.  I can get around 20 differential with it, but Hunt Down will do much better and still do the same thing.  I?ll just have to run a few more I Have You Now?s, Maul Strikes, and TPM?s.

LMK what ya think of the good ole BHBM.
GG BLADE

SWCCG LIVES 
'