---
layout: post
author: James "J.J.Binks" Bottoms
title: 'Keeping Star Wars Alive(Dueling Admirals)'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-01-10
description: ! 'It drains,duels,and battles.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(8)
LTMTFM
NabooGen Core
Naboo;Generator
Deep Hatred
Prepared Defense
Imperial Arrest Order
Mob. Points
Combat Response

Characters(18)
3 Lord Maul
2 Lord Vader
2 Aurra Sing
Emp. Palpatine
Darth Sidious
Adm.Piett
G.A.Thrawn
Adm.Chiraneau
Comm.Merrejk
Boba Fett,BH
G.M.Tarkin
Guri
Baron Soontir Fel
Major Turr Phennir

Starships(5)
Executor
Chimera
Stinger
Saber 1
Saber 2

Locations(3)
Naboo
Fondor
Exec.DB

Effects(10)
3 Visage of the Emp.
3 The Phantom Menace
Security Precaution
Fear is my Ally
First Strike
Lateral Damage

Interrupts(10)
2 Masterful Move
3 Imp.Command
Force Lightning
2 Weapon Levitation
2 We must accelerate our Plans

Weapons(6)
3 Aurra’s Blaster Rifle
2 Maul’s Double Bladed Saber
Vader’s Saber

Shields
A useless gesture
Battle order
Allegations of corruption
CHYBC
DTHACC
Oppressive enforcement
Secret plans
TINT
We’ll let fate decide
YCHF '

Strategy: '

Update Guri and Stinger comes out for Saber3 and it’s pilot. And as far as using Duels and Maul Strikes, I use Weapo Lev. for 2 reasons 1 to pull all my weapons and 2 to get Aurras Rifle to use as a Combat Card.





A Combat deck that uses Admirals to control space.
First turn pull the ExecutorDB and get Comm. Merrejk there. Use your Imp.Commands to get Adm. Piett to pull Comm.Merrejk.Use Mob.Points to Pull the Executor first thing.

Some cards I use and The reasons.
Guri--She can be pulled with Combat Response with her ship or vise versa. She adds a destiny in her ship and causes the Opp. to get only 1 destiny at that location. She also deploys free on her ship.

Barron S Fer--Adds a destiny in Saber 1 and helps out my space by being able to get out easy.

Major T Phennir--Same as the Barron.

Weapon Lev.--Can’t be countered by Strike Blocked and can be used to get Aurra’s Blaster and the Sabers. It is also an used interrupt not lost.

Why no combo cards--I want to get a plus 2 bonus from both of my Starting effects and I can pull Secret Plans from my shield.

What to do against other decks.

WYS--Deploy to your sites and drain with your Jedi. Set up yor space and control your systems. Duel luke if he comes to Naboo if he don’t don’t worry. You will out drain them. Just stop their retrieving. 

LS Dueling--The hardest match up their is. First thing you do is get your space set up. Then put a jedi down at the same site with one of their Jedi.
You have a better chance to get higher destiny for your duels using the Masterful Moves to get a Visage or Phantom Menace. Don’t expect to win every duel. Your 5 drain in space with Adm.Chiraneau will out drain them(they can’t drain where there is a Jedi). Just remember to keep a Jedi down At Naboo.

Hidden Base--Remember they can’t cancel your Drains. If the y do play with Jedi just duel the with your stacked 7’s and remove them from the game with Darth Sidious. Get security precautions out ASAP after they flip. Keep Guri With Thrawn and Don’t spead out until they flip. With Security Precautions protects you from tacking battle damage until you probe their base.Drain on ground all that you can.

MWYHL--Pull Secret Plans and Come Here You Big Muppet and Drain. Duel there Jedi when they come down and DRAIN. 

Anything else should be pretty easy.  '