---
layout: post
author: ! Erich "The E-man" Hawbaker
title: ! "Profit My Way"
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-01-29
description: ! "I’ve been trying to perfect my Profit deck for almost a year, and now I think I finally have it the way I like it."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'STARTING (7)
Either Profit By This...
T JP
JP Audience Chamber
Han (cheapo)
HFTMF
Insurrection
Your Insight & Staging Areas

LOCATIONS (5)
Home One DB
Spaceport DB
T DB 94
T Obi Wan’s Hut
T Cantina

CHARACTERS (19)
2x Han with Blaster
2x Master Luke
2x Leia with Blaster
Chewbacca, Enraged
Chewie with Blaster
Lando with Vibro Axe
Lando with Blaster
2x Qui Gon Jinn
Ben Kenobi
Obi Wan, Padawan Learner
Dash Rendar
Biggs Darklighter
Lt Blount
Corran Horn
Artoo

WEAPONS (8)
2x Landing Claw
2x Mercenary Armor
Luke’s Lightsabre
Anakin’s Lightsabre
Qui Gon’s Lightsabre
Jedi Lightsabre

STARSHIPS (4)
Millenium Falcon
Outrider
Red Leader in Red 1
Gold Leader in Gold 1

INTERRUPTS (13)
2x It Could Be Worse
2x Rebel Barrier
2x Narrow Escape
2x Someone Who Loves You
2x Sorry About The Mess
Panic
I Know
Life Debt

EFFECTS (4)
Bo Shuda
A Gift
Lightsabre Proficency
Scramble '

Strategy: '

I guess the only thing I need to explain is some of my card choices. The Landing Claws are to block drains in the air, this is a ground intensive deck and I don’t have room to devote any more to space. I can fight unless I’m seriously overwhelmed. Sorry About The Mess can get rid of some enemy characters before I fight or before I move away, and it is legal to use it with lightsabres. Lt Blount is insurance against ISB, I got stomped by an ISB deck at states last year with this deck and ISB is one of the tougher matchups I’ll have to deal with. Mercenary Armor, Panic, Life Debt, and I Know are all life insurance for Han, whether I’m whipping out a buddy for him or adding destinies when he’s getting battled. Since cheapo Han is an alien, he can’t be battled at Audience Chamber while I have Bo Shuda out. Corran Horn can also protect him from Arica. All the sites are for generation and to spread out to after I flip, and I won’t pull Obi’s Hut or Cantina unless I need force or if I’m sure I can control them. Finally, Biggs Darklighter is in here because he’s the man. Tatooine native, best friend of Luke, hero of Yavin, and definately underappreciated. I never make a deck without him, and please don’t reduce my rating just for that. Well, I think that’s about it. Thank you for your time.           '