---
layout: post
author: ! garrett "deadbody" larson
title: ! "Deadbody’s DS thing"
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-03-21
description: ! 'sort of a LS Pile meets old school BHBM'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'starting6
Hoth Ice Plains
Prepared Def.
Conduct your search
Wipe them out All of them
Crush the Rebellion
Fear is my ally plus 10 def shields

Locations 7
Naboo Generator
Endor Forest Clearing
Endor System
Blockade Flagship Bridge
Tatooine Mauls Site
Death Star 2 Throne Room
Endor Back Door

characters 20
2x Palpy
2x Maul with Stick
2x Mara Jade TEH
2x Vader with Stick
Commander Merrejk
Prince Xixor
Grand Moff Tarkin
Thrawn
Dr. e and Ponda
Janus
Boba fett BH
P-59
Guri
Ig-w/gun
4-lom w/gun
P-60

weapons1
Maras saber

Blue 6
Executor
Chimeara
Dengar in P1
Bossk in HT
Zuckuss in MH
Blizzard 4

racers 1
Sebulbas

Effects 2
Bad feeling have i
Lateral Damage

interuppts 17
3x Sense
2x Alter
2x Oh switch off
2x Imperial Barrier
We must accelerate our plans
overload
I have you now
The Circle is now complete
Sniper and Dark Strike
Look Sir droids
Ghhk & those darn rebels
Evader and Monnok

'

Strategy: '

Edit 3-23-02 
Allright the first strat section was really weak I know, but the deck is really so flexible that you do very different things against different decks.  I will swap out Mejjerk for an elis helrot, I might do the restraining bolt for Look Sir droids as well.  here are some matchups.

WYS first turn search for something with crush, see whats in your force pile.  If it’s sites or very useful cards, or you have no one good to deploy draw, otherwise deploy to their cantina and start draining, this is the only matchup where I won’t deploy the backdoor right away, and in fact save it for when I need it, since WYS doesn’t activate a great deal on its own, you can force choke it fairly effectively, or at least I have always been able to, S/A anything they play before they flip, if possible, load up the cantina and Tatooine.  Then keep your ground drains going and chase them in space, and use Maul and Vader with friends to do Drop, Kill, Repeat.  Should be a good game, but you will have an edge.

QMC  You will beat it bad, no Power Pivot, save your senses for that and to kill the evasion cards.  You  have enough space to hand on bespin, and even kick them off, and enough ground to keep a few of their sites, and at least the backdoor.  should be a fairly fun game and a definite win.

HB Rape and pillage them in space jump out to a quick lead with ground drains, and never give it back, keep probing their systems.

LSC your hardest matchup, drop 2 jedi at the same site of theirs, so if they want to come combat you they have to stay for a battle, you will only get 1 or at most 2 shots at them so beat them for all your worth.  should be a fun game, and it is winnable.

all right I hope I’ve given some insight into how to play this effectively, any thing I haven;t mentioned here, fortify 2 key drain sites, then beat them anywhere they are.




okay this was originally a BHBM deck, but I decided that to use that platform wasted cards.  you start by deployiong the back door and if you have stuff you need in your force pick it up, otherwise deploy a guy if possible to the back door to start the pressure early.  then back him up and deploy all the sites you can.  this deck is very flexible, and can stand up to anything.  any specific question d-mail me otherwise.

Happy Beatings  '