---
layout: post
author: Kevin "KevOfCrofton" Elia
title: 'Why not play EBO?'
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-03-06
description: 'EBO xwings, but with a huge ground presence.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Locations(8):
Hoth: Main Power Generators
Hoth: North Ridge
Hoth: Echo Command Center
Hoth: Echo Corridor
Hoth: Echo Docking Bay
Hoth
Naboo
Kiffex

Characters(11):
General Carlist Rieekan
General Crix Madine
3x Lando Calrissian, Scoundrel
Obi-wan with Lightsaber
Luke with Lightsaber
Leia, Rebel Princess
Qui-Gon with Lightsaber
Jar-Jar Binks
Colonel Cracken

Starships(10):
10x X-Wing

Weapons(1):
X-Wing Laser Cannon

Effects(10):
Brisky Morning Munchen
Undercover
Honor Of The Jedi
Echo Base Operations
Income Corporation
A New Secret Base
Your Insight Serves You Well
Strike Planning
Scrambled Transmission
An Unusual Amount Of Fear

Interrupts(20):
Houjix & Out Of Nowhere
Hyper Escape
Heading For The Medical Frigate
2x Shocking Information & Grimtaash
2x On The Edge
4x Organized Attack
3x We Wish To Board At Once
3x All Wings Report In
3x The Signal

Defensive Sheilds(10):
You pick, its too hard for me to decide for you.. 

Strategy: 

Edit #1:
Drop 1x On The Edge and 1x All Wings Report In
Add 2x Control & Tunnel Vision

enter the buearocrat does hurt, but ive never had it used against me. this would help, though..

---End Edit--

I know this deck might look like a pile, but trust me, it works.
Start with The Main Power Generators, North Ridge, 
Heading For The Medical Frigate, Your Insight Serves You Well, 
Strike Planning, Scrambled Transmission, and An Unusual Amount Of Fear.
On your first turn, activate 3 and search for a Shocking Information & Grimtaash (via Scrambled Transmission). This will ensure the oppurtunity to search through your deck every turn (by cancelling the scomp link, then searching again), and can also be used to prevent Commander Merrejk from pulling systems for the opponent. If you can force them to hang around your systems, you have the advantage of knowing what bonuses you get and where you can go, etc. You have 6 cards that can search for A New Secret Base 
(3x We Wish To Board At Once, 3x The Signal), so you should get one in your opening hand and get your jump start with the effect. Pull your 2 generals (Madine and Rieekan), and you already have enough to play Echo Base Operations. Use the two generals, and an X-Wing at the docking bay to play EBO, and then consolidate your ground forces under the sheild. Drain in space, harass them on the ground with the mains, and just apply the general beats..

Specific card uses:

Colonel Cracken: you can pull him with Madine, and drop him as an Undercover spy.

Jar-Jar: you know, he’s just good at taking care of characters. With Brisky Morning Munchen and all your other mains, you should be able to maintain a strong presence on the ground.

Leia, RP: play her wherever the opponent is blowing his load, so you can delay him even more.. your drains in space will overcome them eventually.  