---
author: Mike "Quione" Noneofyourbusiness
title: 'Saber combat my way'
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-06-24
description: 'LS combat with a unique twist'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting:
We’ll Handle This/Duel of the Fates
Palace Generator Core
Theed Palace Generator
Inner Strength
Podrace Prep
Podrace Arena
Anakins Podracer
Boonta Eve Podrace
Squadren Assignments
An Unusual Amount of Fear

Characters:
Captain Han
Mirax Terrik
Tat Obi x2
Ref 3 Qui gon x2
Dash Rendar
Tat Padme x2
Luke Skywalker, JK
Ref 3 Lando
Chewie w/ Blaster
Firgin D’an
Artoo & Threepio x2
Joh Yowza

Effects:
Beggar
Eject! Eject! x2
Menace Fades
Lightsaber Proficiency
Goo Nee Tay

Interrupts:
We’re Doomed x2
Endor Celebration
Life Debt x2
Jedi Presence
Alter
Blaster Deflection
Weapon Levitation x2
Artoo I have a bad feeling about this x2
The Signal
Run Luke Run x2
Thank the Maker x3
Strike Blocked x2

Ships:
Outrider
Millennium Falcon

Weapons:
Ref 3 Obi lightsaber
Ref 3 Qui-gon lightsaber
Lukes Lightsaber
Intruder Missle x2

Other:
I did it! 

Strategy: 

yeah, this is one weird deck, but hear me out, you might like it

This is combat, but its more designed to hurt the opponet through various strange and unorthodox strategies, all the while setting up huge drains on naboo via saber proficiency and lukes saber.

the deck can do many things, so just play as the situation dictates

Card choices:
Han, chewie, and arto & threepio make up my own ”super falcon” which will draw 3 (chewie adds one when with 3PO)  battle destiny in of itself (5 with life debt) and stops the opponet from drawing any battle destiny (via the pullable artoo i have a bad feeling about this)

Dash works in as backup, or for a beatdown against one lone destroywer or tie.

Mirax allows recycling of artoo i have a bad feeling about this

Firgin d’an allows for retrevial, and to help stop destiny tracking (or at least make it a bit more difficult, since you dont actually have to use him every turn)

Artoo & Threepio make this deck work. Thank the maker lets you retrieve force repeatedly. They let you cancel battle destiny with  a card they actulaly pull, and they make were doomed work

chewie w/ blaster adds destiny when with 3PO

Were doomed is totally tech~ halves all retrevial (rownd down) which means you lose no force from drains of 1, 1 force from drains of 2, and 1 force from drains of 3. Played in a close game and you will almost always win

Padme - Pulls obi

Obi - isnt a jedi so he can initiate while objective is flipped. Works as a shock troop (especially when the opponet thinks hes safe since your jedi cant battle)

Joh Yowza - Makes the opponet nervous about drawing destiny. ”Jam” a vader or a maul and you cripple them (until he dies anyway)

Lightsabers - Add to drains (except qui gons, but hes your combatant anyway, so its ok)

Run luke, run - pile all your jedi at one naboo site, and all your other characters at the other. they attack the ”weaklings”, you pull luke over, cut someone in half, and smile like a bastard. Or you can just initiate if they deploy but dont battle (who knows why they wouldnt)

Artoo i have a bad feeling about this -
Makes the ”super falcon” really nasty

Life debt - makes ”super falcon” rule

Weapon levitation - gives obi a weapon (if being used as a shock troop) or just pulls your sabers

Blaster deflection - makes the opponet unable to chop your jedi in half

Eject, eject - kills executor. poor man’s lateral damage, lets you beat down executor

Saber profiencey - More drain-helping

Suggestions appreciated  