---
layout: post
author: ! Kelly "Gyrotech" Brown
title: ! "Gyro LSCDD v1.0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-03-25
description: ! 'This is how I use Destroyer Droids...'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'((( STARTING )))
Fear Is My Ally
- Resistance
- Allegations Of Corruption
- eight other Defensive Shields
Let Them Make The First Move / At Last We Will Have Revenge
- Naboo Theed Palace Generator Core
- Naboo Theed Palace Generator
- Deep Hatread
Prepared Defenses
- Imperial Arrest Order & Secret Plans
- There Is No Try & Oppressive Enforcement
- Crossfire

((( CHARACTERS )))
Daultay Dofine
Destroyer Droid [x16]
Nute Gunray [x2]
P-59
P-60

((( LOCATIONS )))
Blockade Flagship Bridge
Blockade Flagship Hallway
Naboo Battle Plains

((( EFFECTS )))
Where Are Those Droidekas?
First Strike
Well Guarded

((( INTERRUPTS )))
Abyssin Ornament
Combat Readiness [x2]
Dioxis [x2]
Master, Destroyers [x3]
Nemoidian Advisor [x2]
Oh, Switch Off [x5]
Precise Attack [x3]
Rolling, Rolling, Rolling [x2]
We Must Accelerate Our Plans [x3]
Wounded Warrior '

Strategy: '

This is a REALLY fun deck to play. It is highly interactive and is quite rude.

Most of the cards are self-explanatory. Crossfire should operate in EVERY battle. The opponent will think you are playing lightsaber combat judging by the objective. However, as you can see, there are no Dark Jedi in this deck at all. There is a REASON for that...keep reading

The Generator Core is essentially the Destroyer Droid homeland. There aren’t many characters of ability 5 or greater. So, every character you hit here goes down the tube (and the opponent loses force). This site offers excellent Force draining and excellent activation (extremely necessary in this deck). Use We Must Accelerate Our Plans to pull out the Blockade Flagship Bridge. If you have another We Must Accelerate Our Plans, start pulling out the various effects (or the Hallway if you want it out).

The Nemoidian Advisors are really for pulling the Naboo Battle Plains out (again, great activation AND Force drain), but it can also pull out the Blockade Flagship Hallway as well.

Force draining in this deck is merely a side luxury. The real pain comes from lost force when the Destroyer Droids make their hits. Precise Attack is excellent for taking out those pesky Jedi (or highly armored wookiees *wink-wink*).

Dioxis is an excellent way to ruin the opponent’s day. If Jedi seem to be everywhere, it is especially rude if they have two Jedi and a few non-Jedi as "backup." Here a rude combination I used on an opponent’s There Is Good In Him deck play Dioxis on Luke (and succeed); deploy P-59 to Landing Platform; play Rolling, Rolling, Rolling to move P-59 over to Luke; deploy P-60 to Luke’s site; player Master, Destroyers on Luke; initiate battle; Precise Attack targeting Luke; Luke is hit; opponent loses 3 force; my power is 12 to Luke’s power of 4. Battle destiny is drawn and yadda, yadda, yadda. Any questions? Didn’t think so... '