---
layout: post
author: ! Chris "vader69" Seymour
title: ! 'Killing In The Name ver 2.0'
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-02-18
description: ! 'this is my second version of qmc deck with beatdowns, good damage and retrieval. Please read the strategy section before reviewing this deck, thank you'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
Quiet mining colony/independent operation
Bespin	
Cloud city west gallery
Heading for the medical frigate
Keeping the empire out forever
Menace fades
Squadron assignments
An unusual amount of fear

Characters (18)
Arcona x4
Luke with lightsaber x2
Obi wan with lightsaber x2
Lando calrissian, scoundrel x2
Chewie enraged x2
Leia with blaster rifle
Captain Han
Derek hobbie klivian
Dash rendar
Wedge Antilles, rogue squadron leader
Threepio with his parts showing
Ten numb

Starships (5)
Outrider
Millennium falcon
Red squadron 1
Red squadron 4
Blue squadron 5

Locations (3)
Cloud city carbonite chamber
Cloud city leia`s guest quarters
Cloud city lower corridor

Weapons (6)
Intruder missile x3
x-wing laser cannon 
Ewok catapult x2

Effects (4)
Cloud city celebration x2
A vergeance in the force x2

Interrupts (15)
Path of least resistance x3
Jedi presence x2
Clash of sabers x2
Gift of the mentor x2
All wings report in/darklighter spin
A jedi`s resilience x2
A jedi`s escape 
Surprise assault x2

Defensive shields
Battle plan
Your insight serves you well
Don`t do that again
Ounee ta
A tragedy has occured
Aim high
Only jedi carry that weapon
Another pathetic lifeform
Your ship
A close race
'

Strategy: '

PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE REVIEWING


This is my second version of QMC with beatdowns and arconas. Here are the changes that I made, I`ve put in ten numb and blue squadron 5 so it makes weapon destiny draw +4 which is brilliant, so you can take down opponents big starships with your intruder missiles, surprise assault can do big damage if they don`t expect it, I`ve changed jedi council chamber for lower corridor because it gives you a force drain of 2 and the opponent a force drain of 1 and it`s a location you can get from your reserve deck using your objective getting rid of a destiny 0, 




You can get a site out from reserve deck, using the objective to give you more force generation; coruscant Jedi council chamber is in there for more activation. You really need to get bespin under control. The starships in the deck are quite powerful and x-wing laser cannons are really good. Start putting your arconas down on the sites; they are very good for cloud city celebration. The intruder missiles and ewok catapults are in there just for the destiny 7.

If the opponent plays ground which they probably do, get the cards for the beatdown, flipping your objective with the arconas helps this. Keeping the empire out forever lets you take a card from the force pile every turn, which helps you get the cards. You`ve got most of the good mains with very good power and jedi presence makes rebels double power when you`ve got a light Jedi. Clash of sabers can exclude a character from battle, Gift of the mentor adds 2 battle destiny when obi wan and luke are together. Threepio with parts showing can recycle a card.
A vergeance in the force limits the opponents drain down to 1 if they drain for 3 or more. Menace fades shuts down the opponents force drain modifiers when your occupying ground and space. Here are a few matchups.


-vs- invasion
Start by getting site from reserve deck for more activation, put down ships to bespin, they are quite cheap with their pilots so it shouldn`t take that long, if they play on naboo, wait till you have got good cards so you can battle them and make them lose a lot of battle druids or lots of force, retrieve force with cloud city celebration every turn unless they play endor occupation. Gift of the mentor adds battle destiny creating more attrition and battle damage.

-vs- tatooine draining deck
You need to control bespin as soon as possible with your ships, the arconas only cost 2 force so you can get menace fades up and running, therefore shuts down their force drain bonuses.
Once you`ve flipped the objective you can get a card from force pile every turn getting good mains and a jedi presence into your hand giving you the cards for the beatdown, retrieve with cloud city celebration and play vergeance early on in the game to limit a force drain.

-vs- huntdown
Start like usual getting your sites from reserve deck, it depends if they play on naboo or tatooine or docking bays, try to control bespin as early as possible and put down a laser cannon so you can shoot an opponents starship, if they come down to you, you can react away from the battle, if they think your just playing arconas for the celebration, get the cards for a beatdown and surprise them, if you put down the jedi and they initiate a duel you can play jedi escape to cancel it and move away that character. You`ve got cards that add battle destiny which is very handy since you`ve got some good destiny, retrieve with cloud  city celebration.

-vs- lightsaber combat
Start like usual getting your sites out for force generation and you know they play ground so get the cards for the beatdown, clash of sabers can exclude a big character, if they play maul with lightsaber he`s not immune to it so better for you, if they have a big early drain before you do something to them, play vergeance to limit it right down, retrieve with the celebration, and if they come to space try and kick them off with your starships and shoot them with your cannons.









'