---
author: Chris "vader69" Seymour
title: 'Feel The Ultimate Power Of The Vaporators'
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-01-15
description: 'A tatooine draining deck with harvests and vaporators'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (4)
Tatooine: Obi wan`s hut
Careful planning
Tatooine: Lars Moisture Farm
An unusual amount of fear

Characters (18)
Obi wan with lightsaber x2
Gui gonn jinn x2
Owen Lars and Beru Lars x2
Ardon vapor Crell x3
Lando Calrissian, Scoundrel
Captain Han
Chewie, enraged
Palace raider x2
Tawss khaa
Leia with blaster rifle
Dash rendar
Wedge Antilles, red squadron leader

Locations (4)
Tatooine: Jundland wastes
Tatooine: outskirts
Tatooine
Kessel

Starships (3)
Outrider
Red squadron 1
Millennium falcon

Vehicles/Devices (8)
Racing skiff x2
Vaporator x3
Hydroponics station x3

Weapons (2)
Qui gonns lightsaber
Obi wan`s lightsaber

Effects (6)
Underground Contacts x2
Tatooine celebration
Squadron assignments
Do or do not/wise advice
A vergeance in the force

Interrupts (14)
It`s a trap x2
Narrow escape x2
Harvest x3
Old ben x2
Mindful of the future 
Free ride/endor celebration
Jedi`s Resilience 
The Signal
Jedi presence 

Defensive shields
Battle plan
A tragedy has occurred
A close race
Your insight serves you well
Aim high
Ultimatum
Let`s keep a little optimism here
Only jedi carry that weapon
Ounne ta
Another pathetic lifeform 


Strategy: 

This is my mains harvest deck with some drains you can`t modify or cancel, I start with obi wans hut because you get 2 force generation and they get none and obi wan deploys for only 2 force. Try and get your other exterior locations and either of the space ones. There is a signal in the deck to try and get out squadron assignments and your other effects.
The palace raiders are in there because they are aliens and they add battle destiny.

Ardon vapor crell makes your force drains +1 or +2 where you have a hydroponics station or a vaporator or both, the card underground contacts, is where you have 2 aliens with different card titles you force drains at exterior tatooine locations can`t be modified or cancelled by opponent. There are lightsabers to enhance your force drains and jedi resilience to put character back in hand if lost with a lightsaber.

It`s a trap can cancel battles on the ground if the dark side come on heavy at you, and narrow escape you cancel the battle by moving characters to adjacent site, they may not have the force to move so you can drain there next turn. You can start retrieving 4 force with the harvests, and when you retrieve again you will get one back. Old ben can revive characters at tatooine sites and endor celebration cancels occupation cards, a vergeance in the force limits their force drain.

-vs- dark side combat,
if they drain with maul with his lightsaber play vergeance to limit the drain back down, setup with your characters and crell and the vaporator 
for big force drains and underworld contacts so they can`t cancel or modify, and space drains might finish them off, you need to cancel battles if they put down big force and play narrow escape to run away and harvests to retrieve force.


-vs- senate, you need to get your characters down, remember to have backup or the interrupts to cancel the battle if they are playing beatdown, to and get space, so you can force drain, drain on the ground and old ben can revive characters and jedi resilience to get a jedi back in hand.
Play harvests and retrieve force.

-vs- the opposite of this a maul deck on tatooine
Probably hardest matchup seen as they got a free maul. You can put you obi wan for 2 force and gui gonn for 6 and other characters, that will give them a hard time, space is in some ways very important because they might not play it and you will be able to drain, stop some of the battles if they out power you, old ben will revive characters and harvests to get force back.




