---
layout: post
author: ! Fernando "Garion" Medaln
title: ! 'Combat the dark side Garions way  2.0'
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-02-20
description: ! 'The second version of my current LS deck. Lightsaber Combat is soooo cooool.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'STARTING (9) 
An Unusual Amount Of Fear 
We’ll Handle This / Duel Of Fates 
Inner Strength 
Naboo Theed Palace Generator Core 
Naboo Theed Palace Generator 
Heading For The Medical Frigate 
Another Pathetic Lifeform 
Colo Claw Fish 
Your Insight Serves You Well (against RalOps start Ounee Ta) 

STARSHIPS (3) 
Artoo-Detoo In Red 5 
Han, Chewie And The Falcon x2 

CHARACTERS (16) 
Qui-Gon Jinn, Jedi Master x2 
Mace Windu, Jedi Master x2
Yoda, Master Of The Force x2 
Obi-Wan with Lightsaber
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x2 
Leia, Rebel Princess x2 
Lando Calrissian, Scoundrel x2 
Padme Nabarrie 
Threepio With His Parts Showing
General Jar Jar 

WEAPONS AND DEVICES (7) 
Bionic Hand 
Intruder Missile x2 
Qui-Gon´s Lightsaber (dest 5) 
Jar Jar´s Electropole x2
Luke´s Lightsaber 

INTERRUPTS (21) 
Rebel Artillery x2 
Star Destroyer x2 
Run Luke Run x2 
A Jedi’s Resilience x2 
Throw Me Another Charge 
Gift Of The Mentor 
Jedi Escape x2
Were You Looking For Me? 
Are You Brain Dead? x2 
Endor Celebration & Free Ride
Rebel Barrier x2
Blaster Deflection
Surprise Assault 
On The Edge 

EFFECTS (3) 
Weapon Of A Fallen Mentor 
Honor Of The Jedi 
Ounee Ta (or YISYW if play against RalOps) 

LOCATIONS (1) 
Naboo Theed Palace Throne Room  '

Strategy: '

PLEASE READ THE STRATEGY SECTION BEFORE YOU REVIEW THE DECK. THANKS IN ADVANCE. 

Ok, this is the second version of my current LS deck in tournaments (24-3 by the time).
I´ve added some more anti-beatdowns as beatdowns decks are becomen more and more popular in my area.
The character selection is absolutely enough to deal with any ground deck, the weak point of the deck is space, but with 2 Han, Chewie and The Falcon you have a good chance against most of the DS decks (at least in my own meta). 

First of all lets have a see at the destinies of the deck (I don’t include the cards you usually start with as you can not draw them as destiny during the game) 
0s – 1 
1s – 5
2s – 4 
3s – 5
4s – 7 
5s – 12 
6s – 8 
7s – 9 
So this makes a destiny media of 4.40 (0´10 more than in my previous deck) and that’s really huge in any deck. Even more, you can use several high destiny cards to search for other with lower destinies. 

Now lets have a look at some card choices. 

* Another Pathetic Lifeform this card helps a lot in this deck. One of the weak points of the deck is that if your opponent gives you very little force you will find out that you don’t have enough force to deploy, move, draw some and even save some force to play interrupts in battles your opponent initiate (If he plays First Strike of course). With this card you can activate 1 force during opponents turns (I recommend during op activate phase) so, you can play those interrupts or even save it as an extra force for your next turn. 

* Mace Windu? Again a cool character for this deck; sometimes you need extra help on Naboo, so he can be a great resource, and has a great text against Maul. You can also play Are You Brain Dead? with this guy. 

* Gift Of The Mentor good card with good destiny. You may use it to add destinies or to search for your low destiny sabers like Luke´s or Anakin´s ones. 

* Jedi Escape one of the greatest deck in the current meta is Hunt Down, and I’m really afraid of duels. This card can deal with any duel with a good destiny so I think is the better anti-duel card you can pack. 

* Are you Brain Dead? the lost part of this card is sooooooo great that I don’t know why not every combat deck pack at least 2 of them (I only play 2, but I am thinking in packing another one). 

* Endor Celebration & Free Ride well this card is here just because in my meta nearly EVERY deck plays Occupation (Tatooine, Hoth, Cloud City…) so I think packing it is a great help as your space is not very heavy and sometimes not enough to cancel occupations. I´ve changed the celebration only card for the combo as you can recicle this one easely.

* Ounee Ta why the effect and not the shield? I hate RalOps and you can start this with HFTMF and the –3 deploy to any of your characters is better than a –2 just for rebels, isn’t it?. If you don’t play against RalOps, you have a nice tech with this; if you have just lose a good card because of a drain or battle damage (or whatever) just deploy Ounee Ta and take it into hand again. 

* Naboo Theed Palace Throne Room why this site and no Jedi Chamber like many other combat decks plays? Because I play Ultimatum shield and you need a third battleground site you can easy control and this is the best one. And you have another site to drain at. 

* Surprise Assault cool anti drains in this deck; with all those very high destinies in the deck you can cause big loses to your oponent if he dains you in a site with some low power characters. Great against Invasion and Tatooine based decks.

* General Jar Jar I´m still not sure if play Gen or the Tatooine one. Nice guy and I can add his electroploe (and use it) so I put in 2 more sevens.

Defensive Shields Ultimatum, A tragedy Has Occurred, Only Jedis Carry That Weapon, A Close Race, Your Ship?, Aim High, Wise Advice, Do Or Do Not, Let’s Keep A Little Optimism Here, Don’t Do That Again. 

Another change is Obi Wan Jedi Knight (R3) for Obi w/ stick. The reason for this change is that I need some more beatdown potential and this is the better choice. I have enough Jedis to keep Naboo under control so I can use Obi (which deploy for 5 everywhere not only on Naboo) to kill some stuff.

How I play this deck 

Ok, you all know my starting cards so I will only explain my first turns. 
First turn You will always draw a Jedi in your starting hand so deploy it. If you have more than one, and Yoda is there, deploy him so you can draw a little. This way you can activate that extra force in your opponents turn. 
Second turn drain for 2 and deploy another Jedi to the other site so your next drain will be of 4. 
Third turn and next well, this deck is quite always the same, you deploy Jedis and keep Leia and Lando in your hand just in case you need to make a beat down. With this two guys you have power 9, ability 7 (important if your opponent have Xizor where you want to beat down), high forfeit and 2 destinies, all for a quite low deploy cost of 9. 

Match-Ups 

There are really few decks that people use in tournaments so I will only comment some of them (the most popular in my meta). 

Vs Hunt Down this is nearly always an auto-win for you. Place YISYW in lost pile to search for Honor (if it is not in your starting hand). Deploy Honor, deploy Jedi, op lose one force each turn and you will lose nothing for some time. If opponent deploy Vader, Emperor or Maul to your sites combat them and win. If the deploy them at his sites, cool, he won´t be able to drain.

Vs Hunt Down Beatdown I´ve packed another barrier and Blaster Deflection so you have better chances against this deck. Play smart and the game will be yours (hopefully). 

Vs TDIGWATT very bad match up (I think the worst possible) because with your 4 additional force in his first turn he will be able to start the deal most surely in his second turn and always in his third. Make some smart beat downs with Leia and Lando in ground and with falcon in space. Try to search for celebration so you can cancel his own occupation and try to win the drain race.
If he deploys Battle Order (he will do) you might have big problems to both drain and make beatdowns. Good weapon against this is Surprise Assault. 
The 3 games I´ve lost were against a high speed deal deck.

Vs Tatooine decks your drains cannot be cancelled when you drain with a Jedi, so you will be able to out drain DS most of the times. These decks usually don’t play heavy space so you might be able to deal with them making smart beatdowns with falcon. 

Vs Ral-Ops This is an easy game thanks to Onee Ta, just make heavy beatdowns with your mains and drain like mad flipping the objective back or even not allowing him to flip (not so hard).

Vs AOBS I really think this is a very weak objective, and has no chance against this. Just deploy Luke to Naboo (flip AOBS back) and kill everything he deploys to your sites thanks to finger of dead, remember his only Dark Jedi is Emperor so he won´t flip your objective often.
Outdrain him.

Vs Invasion fun deck, but not very effective against this deck. Might be an interesting match though. I have not play against this yet, so I don´t if there is something special to do or not.

Ok, that’s all, any suggestions will be really welcomed. Thanks for reading and reviewing. 
'