---
layout: post
author: ! Elliott "Dengar 69" Weights
title: ! "Hunt Down And Destroy The Taliban/ Well Hire The A-Team To Do It"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-02-25
description: ! "A Hunt Down That does everything, drains, beatdowns and duelling"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (10)
Fear Is My Ally (Ten shields of your choice)
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi/ Their Fire Has Gone Out Of The Universe
Epic Duel
Holotheatre
Visage Of The Emperor
Meditation Chamber 
Prepared Defences
Mobilization Points
They Will Be No Match For You
Imperial Arrest Order& Secret Plans

Characters (15)
Boba Fett Bounty Hunter x2
Prince Xisor
Darth Maul 
Darth Maul With Lightsaber x2
Darth Vader With Lightsaber x3
P60
P59
Darth Sidious
Dr Evazan & Ponda Babba
Aurra Sing 
4-Lom w/gun

Effects (4)
Drop
Closed Door
We’re The Bait
The Phantom Menace

Interrupts (16)
Maul Strikes x2
Imperial Barrier x3
Vader’s Obsession x3
The Circle Is Now Complete x3
Imperial Artillery
Dark Rage x2
Masterful Move & Endor Occupation
I Have You Now

Vehicles (1)
Blizzard 4

Starships ( 4) 
IG88 In IG200
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Bossk In Hounds Tooth
Dengar In Punishing One

Weapons (3)
Aurra Sing’s Blaster x3

Locations (5)
Executor Docking Bay
Naboo Theed Palace Docking Bay
Naboo Battle Plains
Generator Core
Generator

Deep Hatred 
'

Strategy: '

***Please read before reviewing and any constructive criticism would be helpful or any changes I could make would be great thanks*** 

You may have seen a HD like this before but here is my version. The whole points of the deck is too getting Vader to a battleground and kill the opponent with Visage. I tend to get him down to a battleground by first or second turn, as there is a good chance that there is one in the starting hand. Leave him at a nice one like one of the drain of two Theed ones and back him up with someone like Boba Fett or Maul or heck maybe even both If they deploy a Jedi I do what I’m told and hunt them down. I either battle them duel them with Vader or take a chance and duel with Maul usin the game text or Maul Strikes. The really high destiny is in there to use as combat/duel destiny to guarantee winning the duel.

Card Choices
Aurra Sing When at the same site as a duel she can steal any Lightsaber’s that are lying on the floor

Imperial Barrier Ever since I was beat down on at a tournament by Vader69 for 60-battle damage I put it in most decks now. Most players overrate it and it is high destiny.

Masterful Move & Endor Occupation I hate playing against celebration of any kind, it is high destiny and I can take the Combat card The Phantom Menace with it.

Drop If I know that the opponent hasn’t got a luke or Obi-Wan the I put my high destiny back in.

Matches 

Vs TIGIH Do not play Vader’s Obsession against Luke, as he is immediately captured try instead to get him with Maul. Keep Vader at a battleground kill the opponent with Visage but watch out for those pesky scouts. You may not need your locations just drain at the opponents and back Vader up

Vs QMC Try to get Endor occupation out to cancel Celebration and just out drain the opponent at your locations and again duel if you need to. Could be a close game though

Vs WYS This could be nastier with all the battle destinies flying around just protect Vader at a good battleground and you should be all right. Try and cancel that annoying celebration again

Vs Combat Ouch lots of Jedi at Naboo. Go all out attack and duel as Sidiuos would say “Wipe Them Out All Of Them”. Use your Combat cards to win their combat and you should have them begging on their knees for you to stop the game Watch out for Strike Blocked though

Vs a beat down The only good defence I Can think of in here is this Vader, Fett, the two destroyers Maul and Maul strikes or I have you now I think that is six battle destiny which knowing the amount of sevens that are in there it should hold up

The only thing that I need in here is retrieval and maybe Ellis Helrot

Well thanks for reviewing and again any positive response would be helpful. I have decided that this is going to be my next open deck in April as I have tested it and it is (virtually) unbeatable. If you can get to Littlehampton for March the 17th for a E1 tournament then you would be more than welcome

'