---
layout: post
author: Kevin "KevOfCrofton" Elia
title: 'ISB All Over'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-03-04
description: 'Another ISB deck. But I made this one, and its 8-0, so naturally i think its better.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Objective(1):
ISB Operations/Agents Of The Empire

Locations(8):
Coruscant
Kiffex
Rendili
<> Spaceport Docking Bay
Coruscant: Docking Bay
Death Star II: Docking Bay
Hoth: Docking Bay
Yavin IV: Docking Bay

Characters(19):
Veers (ISB)
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Commander Igar
Boba Fett, Bounty Hunter
5x Outer Rim Scout (ISB)
Admiral Chiraneau
2x Chall Bekan (ISB)
Officer Evax (ISB)
Admiral Motti
Commander Merrejk (ISB)
Admiral Piett
Darth Vader with Lightsaber
Darth Maul with Lightsaber
5D6-RA-7

Vehicles(10):
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 4
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Blizzard 4
Blizzard Scout 1

Starships(6):
Avenger
Flagship Executor
Thunderflare
Chimaera
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
The Emperors Shield

Interrupts(9):
4x Imperial Command
4x Trample
Prepared Defenses

Effects(7):
Search and Destroy
2x Presence Of The Force
Mobilization Points
Imperial Decree
Imperial Arrest Order & Secret Plans
Fear Is My Ally

Defensive Shields(10, of course):
Whatever you want to use.


Strategy: 

I like this deck alot. All cards considered, I honestly think ISB is the best dark deck out there.

Start with ISB, Coruscant, Imperial Decree, Imperial Arrest Order Combo, Mob. Points, and Fear is my Ally. play it like you would any mains and toys deck, but watch your characters. You really dont have that many, and you should try to throw your ISB agents away first because you can retrieve them. The Tramples are vital to holding those docking bays, so tracking destiny is definitly a plus. There are no trackable 5s in the deck (which could be a definite flaw), but if you sandwich the tramples and selectively target the opponents characters, this shouldnt develop into too much of a problem. You should try to rely mainly on power to hold sites, and only go to attack the opponent if you have good reinforcements in your hand (vader,maul,fett) or are forced to try and block a drain. This deck sets up amazingly fast for the type of deck, so dont be afraid to deploy a few walkers and agents on your second or third turn. In space, just keep piling ISB agents on the Star Desroyers. You can pull Veers and Ozzel with Imperial Command, so you should be able to cycle these two for awhile while you beat the crap out of them and drain on the ground. remember, most of your at-sts can react, so you can spread better.

One tip: dont play vader, maul, or fett till they make the attack on you. you dont want your big guns sitting around, where they cant do anything..
