---
layout: post
author: Matt "QuiGon57" Carulli
title: 'Hunt Down and Revive the SCUM'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-06-19
description: 'This Court deck does a few things most other Court decks dont Capture cards and win! But it still needs help so please review!'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting: (9)
Court of the Vile Gangster
Jabbas Palace: Audience Chamber
Tatooine: Great Pit of Carkoon
Jabbas Palace: Dungeon
Prepared Defenses
Blaster Rack (V)
All Wrapped Up
Power of the Hutt
Fear Is My Ally

Defensive Shields: (10)
Resistance
Allegations of Corruption
A Useless Gesture
Youve Never Won A Race?
Secret Plans
Fanfare
Weapon of a Sith
There Is No Try
Oppressive Enforcement
I Find Your Lack of Faith Disturbing (V)

Characters: (17)
Ephant Mon
Boelo
Mighty Jabba
Bib Fortuna (Reflections III)
Thok & Thug
Prince Xizor
Dr. E. and Ponda Baba
Arica
Boba Fett (CC)
Iggy w/ Gun
4-LOM w/ Gun
Snoova
Dengar w/ Gun
Bossk w/ Gun
Jodo Kast
Aurra Sing
Boba Fett, Bounty Hunter

Starships: (1)
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter

Creatures: (1)
Rancor

Weapons: (4)
Maras Saber
Aurras Blaster
Vibro-Ax
Dr. Evazans Blaster

Locations: (6)
Jabbas Palace: Rancor Pit
Naboo DB
Spaceport DB
Tatooine DB 94
Cantina
Mos Eisley

Effects: (12)
Bad Feeling Have I
First Strike
No Escape
Disarmed
Were The Bait
Broken Concentration
Blast Door Controls
Hutt Bounty
Bounty x2
Scum and Villainy x2

Interrupts: (10)
Sniper/ Dark Strike
Imperial Artillery
Furry Fury
Neimoidian Advisor
We Must Accelerate Our Plans
Hidden Weapons x2
Trap Door x3


Strategy: 

Early Game: 
Set up like normal, always deploy Jabba with Audience Chamber text, unless he is in your hand. Deploy Boelo, Bib, and Ephant Mon with POTH. This should be enough to hold the Chamber for a good while. Use R3 Bib so you can get whatever you need out a LOT faster. If everything youre looking for is in your reserve, just use a force and youve got a better chance of getting them. Wait to deploy your own bounty hunters, until they deploy their own characters. 9 bounty hunters should be enough to last the whole game, otherwise retrieve some. 

Mid Game:
Get Scum out ASAP. If you think youll be doing most of the battling, you can also deploy First Strike. This will choke them a bit, and add more retrieval and force loss. Battle, Capture, Deliver, Battle, Capture, Deliver, etc.

End Game:
If they have Aim High, be sure you have enough force to retrieve when you deliver. Get Rancor out and eat away. This will kill your opponent fast enough, especially if you have 2 or more captives.

Card Explanations:
Broken Concentration: I can take away 1 force of theirs each turn. If they save one for a barrier, or an interrupt for battle, just take it away and their plans will be ruined.  

Were The Bait: 7 destiny, excellent for DD. If they are playing MWYHL, get this out ASAP and go for Han, Leia, or Chewie. If successful, not only is their whole deck shot to pieces, they lose 2 force per turn.

No System? That doesnt really matter, most light decks will have one.

Zuckuss + 4-LOM + Boba Fett, BH = 7 power, they need 7 ability to draw destiny, you have 4 Battle Destinies!

Some Cards I Want to add:
Weapon Levitation: Steal sabers for Aurra, I have 3 characters that can steal with this.

Imperial Barrier: Obvious reasons, however it is easily canceled, and that really hurts when youre counting on it to save you life.

Rancor: 1 may not be enough, gotta be sure to get it on table.


This deck is still pretty new, I just made it recently. It needs help, but I think that if I can get that help, this could be a really competitive deck. Thanks all for the advice!!
