---
layout: post
author: Jason "Mr. Black" Herrin
title: 'Hunt Down Racer Version 3.0'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-01-29
description: 'So, you want to race and you want to battle the jedi? Here you go.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Starting (11)
Fear Is My Ally (10 shields)
Hunt Down And Destroy The Jedi
Epic Duel
Boonta Eve Podrace
Visage Of The Emperor
Watto’s Box
Sabula’s Podracer
Start Your Engines!
Holotheater
Meditation Chamber
Podrace Arena

Characters (16)
Emperor Palpatine
Darth Sidious
Darth Maul, Young Apprentice
Darth Maul X2
Lord Vader X2
Darth Vader With Lightsaber X2
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand
Grand Moff Tarkin
Dr Evazan & Ponda Boba
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Boba Fett, Bounty Hunter
P-59
P-60

Weapons (4)
Vader’s Lightsaber
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber
Maul’s Double-Bladed Lightsaber
Maul’s Electrobinoculars

Starships (1)
Mauls Sith Infiltrator

Effects (6)
The Phantom Menace X2
They Will Be No Match For You
Imperial Arrest Order
Drop!
Visage Of The Emperor

Interrupts (19)
Podracer Collision X5
Twi’lek Advisor X2
We Must Accelerate Our Plans
Force Lightning
The Circle Is Now Complete
Vader’s Obsession
Maul Strikes X3
I Have You Now X2
Force Field X2
Weapon Of An Ungrateful Son

Locations (3)
Executor Docking Bay
Mos Espa Docking Bay
Theed Palace Docking Bay



Strategy: 

Well here is the deck that I had very great success with in the past. It lost only one match in the past at tournament and that was because I did not use enough podracing interrupts in the deck. And yes for all of you doubters out there this deck can beat Lightsaber Combat decks.

Early Game- Start the podrace as soon as you can. Do not use Sebulba’s game text until late race. Some may disagree with me on this, but it is never a good idea to let Anakin’s pod draw three. Its okay to lose three or four force at the start of the game to Visage, the race gets it back for you. Your key objective in the early game is to win the race and set Vader up comfortably with backup at one of the battleground docking bays and wait for them to come to you. Also, it is very important to get I.A.O. on the table to prevent the Nabrun Leids incursions into battles. (More later on the reasoning behind the non-combo) 

Mid Game- This is where you have just won the race. Key objective here is to hold the ground you have. You should have out 2 of your three shields by now. They are Secret Plans and Allegations Of Corruption. Next important step to victory is getting Maul down with Saber and Binoculars. Protect him and he can win the game for you. Use Maul’s Binoculars to secure some high destiny draws for later duels. Keep the game intensity high, do not let the opponent relax and get into a rhythm with their deck. Make them react to what you do.

Late Game- Here your pieces are in place. Vader, Maul, and Mara to duel the jedi off the table and then out of play. Use Sidious to further insure this is the case. They will be seeing a lot of pressure and are now usually making some bad play decisions. One wrong move at this point issues them the Coup-De-Grace and the game will be yours. At this point, they should have no more than 20 force remaining to them in hand, deck, and any other piles. Keep draining and if they try a desperation battle hit them with the combined efforts of I Have You Now, Maul Strikes, and whatever else will work to add injury. After a few more turns you will drain them out and take the game.

Next are some of the reasons for particular card choices.

Imperial Arrest Order- Well I really wanted to start the combo with Prepared Defenses, but the podrace was just too easy a source of damage for this deck. In return, if I chose to I could bring the Secret Plans shield out at the start of the game to help block their retrieval. I liked the idea of still having a floating 5 in the deck too.

Weapon Of An Ungrateful Son- One of the best cards to disarm a jedi before I deploy down and beat his ass. Additionally if I am about to lose dark jedi and sticks after being hit in battle, I can save them for another fight. This card is best used when playing against Lightsaber Combat. Usually takes them completely by surprise.

Next are some of the best combos available in the deck.

Emperor Palpatine + P-59 + P-60= Palpatine uses Force Lightning to lower defense, and the droids take the shots home for direct damage. Then they draw 2 destiny for some hefty attrition.

Lord Vader + Boba Fett, Bounty Hunter + Grand Moff Tarkin= This one hurts to think about. Fett and Vader together for +2 destinies. Tarkin kills a destiny with Vader. This gets ugly fast.

Dr. Evazan & Ponda Boba + Darth Maul + Double Stick= Oh man, this just keeps getting uglier the more I think about it. Maul to swing and Dr. E to remove. That is 2 of the opponent’s characters gone before they can draw destiny or add their power to the battle.

Maul & Stick  with Binocular + Vader & Stick + Dueling interrupts= Use Maul’s Binoculars to stack you destinies and declare a battle with them. Interrupt With obsession and take out Luke then retrieve for it. Interrupt again and take out Obi-Wan. Hit the remaining characters with sticks to reduce forfeit to zero. Interrupt with I Have You Now and Maul Strikes to end the game. This is just sick isn’t it.

Finally, we come to the match-up section. Here is where it counts.

Lightsaber Combat- This deck can actually win against Combat. Here is how. Race immediately to get some heavy damage started for them. Visage will become bothersome to them quickly. They will try to lock down Naboo so drop your docking bay and some jedi there to flip them. Now keep mobile and try not to combat until Maul is on table with Binoculars to stack your destinies. If you get the chance Use Podracer Collision to remove nasty interrupts from their deck. If you get to set up a combo on the ground in the generator then you will overwhelm them and take the game. Lightsaber combats biggest weakness is its vulnerability to battles. After a few rounds of dark jedi tag the light side will try to run for it. Then you have them where you want them. Fortify the ground gained and punish them with huge drains. That is the end of the game.

QMC- This is a tough match due to their ability to cut your drains down and run away. Your best hope is camp on Cloud City and wait for them to come to you (don’t forget to have a considerable force amassed to kill them with) Play well and stick to the options discussed above and you should take the city in the clouds down for the count.

We Have A Plan- This deck Starts at a disadvantage. Exploit it and wait for them to come to the throne room. Punish and destroy them there. If they think they can add a few drains here and there deploy and suicide a character away to take out one of their characters. If they want to re-deploy they have to start all over again from the outside. Suicide Epp’s are a common tactic of this deck so do be careful.

Watch Your Step- Maul will assist you in owning this deck. That and the lost interrupt shield. Stay focused and hose their retrieval as much as you can. The race will seriously hurt their game in the long run coupled with your shield interference and the Podracer Collision used text of further removing interrupts from the game. Hold their sites and keep them. That is key to winning this game.

Profit- Usually Mara and Dr. E. to the Audience Chamber is a great anti-beat-down combo. Since you do not have to worry about them draining you down on the ground just camp everything at the Audience Chamber and make them come to you. 

Well that is all I can really think of right now, but I will continue to update as reviews and Ideas continue to come.
