---
layout: post
author: ! Chris "vader69" Seymour
title: ! "That`s It  The Rebels Aren`t There  ISB Agents Are Though ver 2 0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-02-04
description: ! 'this is my second version of isb on tatooine with big drains and direct damage'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting (6)
ISB Operations
Coruscant Imperial square
Prepared Defences
There is no try/oppressive enforcement
Imperial Arrest Order
Fear is my ally

Characters (21)
Darth Vader with lightsaber x2
Darth Maul 
Mara Jade
Snoova
Emperor Palpatine x2
Corporal Vandolay
Corporal Dedram
Corporal Oberk
Sergeant Tarl
Outer Rim Scout x2
Lt.Pol Treidum
Prince Xizor
Boba Fett, bounty hunter
U-3PO
2X-7KPR (Tooek) x2
Chokk
Grand admiral thrawn 
Guri 

Starships (5)
Bossk in hounds tooth
Zuckuss in mist hunter
Dengar in punishing one
Chimaira 
Ig-88 in Ig2000 

Locations (5)
Tatooine Jundland Wastes
Tatooine docking bay
Tatooine Lars moisture farm
Tatooine Tusken Canyon
Tatooine 


Weapons (2)
Darth Maul`s Lightsaber
Mara`s Lightsaber

Effects (9)
Hutt Influence x2
Presence of the force x2
Destroyed Homestead
Tatooine occupation
Expand The Empire
Sunsdown x2 

Interrupts (11)
Imperial Barrier x2
Force lightning 
Never yalnal 
Twi`lek advisor 
Dark jedi presence x2
Neimodian advisor x2
Trooper assault x2

Defensive Shields
You cannot hide forever
Do they have a code clearance?
We`ll let fate decide a huh
Come here you big coward
Allegations of corruption
Battle order
You`ve never won a race
A useless gesture
Weapon of a sith
'

Strategy: '

PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE REVIEWING, THANK YOU

This is my second version of my isb deck. The changes I have made is the space, I`ve put in extra power so you can hold tatooine or take on the opponent, also I`ve added the 2X-7KPR droid because under nightmare conditions he adds 2 to the power of aliens and imperials on same planet site and I`ve added 2 trooper assaults so the troopers are big power.
If you have the 2x-7kpr droid and troopers and Vader, troopers are power 4, play trooper assault at the start of battle and their power 6 and play dark jedi presence so they are power 12 EACH I`ve started with the imperial square so you if blount does go down you can play never yalnal to get rid of him or beat him up.



Start with 3 force plus whatever the opponent gives you and deploy the tatooine docking bay and try to get your other sites out with neimodian advisors or just drawing them. There is no try/oppressive enforcement is in there because It`s so much better than the defensive shields. There are 2 tatooines in there for sunsdown. Try and get them out and all of your spys deploy for free which is most of them.

Hutt influence is the best card. The opponent won`t be able to cancel your drains or modify them where you have 2 aliens and your force drains are big. 2 lightsabers to enhance them, the locations add to them, the objective makes it +1 where you have an isb agent. Even expand the empire on a location where it says +1 will be even more and the opponent can`t do anything about unless they kick you off. Drop can recycle your cards and death mark is even more direct damage.

For battling you`ve got the hard dark jedi and Mara jade, the emperor can zap people to death. Imperial arrest order makes your imperials of ability less than 3 forfeit +2. Use imperial barriers to stop hard light side characters from coming down. Dark jedi presence makes your imperials double the power, and you can retrieve force with the objective, destroyed homestead makes them lose 1 force a go. You can recycle cards with drop. U-3PO and Keder the black can cancel the opponents force drains.


-vs- there is good in him
start out by getting your sites out with neimodian advisors. Try and get tatooine and sunsdown, then you can just deploy people for free. Setup up your drains and use U-3PO and Keder the black to cancel their force drains. Your force drains will be quite a lot and try to get tatooine occupation for some direct damage. Retrieve with your objective. If they do come down use imperial barriers and you are beaten to exclude their characters. If they have got a Luke stuck at endor play destroyed homestead to make them lose 1 force a go. 

-vs- light side combat
start out like usual getting your sites out and get sunsdown to deploy characters for free. Try and go over there with vader and maul to stop their objective. Get your drains going with your aliens and hutt influence so they can`t cancel your force drains. Tatooine occupation is a big card making them lose force. Play destroyed homestead on Luke or obi wan to make them lose more force.

-vs- senate
start out as always getting your sites out. It depends where their play their characters if you go down their and beat them up or just setup your really big drains on tatooine. Usually they will come down and have a go at your characters. Use imperial barriers to stop their characters and you are beaten to exclude one. Dark jedi presence will make your power huge and lightsabers will be able to chop people and cut their forfeit.

-vs- profit
You can deploy 2 aliens snoova and Mara jade are a must, both can get their weapons from reserve deck which is brilliant and both really powerful, next turn you can back it up and start setting up elsewhere.
Play your defensive shield secret plans to slow down their retrieval and play allegations of corruption to grab one of their interrupts. Profit usually uses quite a lot of interrupts. Use U-3PO and Keder the black to cancel their force drains and you can retrieve with your objective. Play imperial barriers to slow down their characters. They will lose force for playing sense if they do. Try to outdrain and battle them. 

-vs- Watch your step
start by getting your sites out and try and get your space power to tatooine, it will be hard to kick them off, but play sunsdown while your there so your droid can make aliens and imperials power +2 while on same planet site, get some troopers with Vader and the droid and play trooper assault and dark jedi presence and the troopers will be power 12 each, put guri where Vader isn`t so you can stop the opponent from drawing more than one battle destiny.



'