---
layout: post
author: ! Jason "3RD EYE" Gillman
title: ! "Pray I Dont Dispatch My Droids"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-03-26
description: ! " My humble little droids on cloud city deck."
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

'TDIGWATT/PIDAIAF

Starting(7)

Cloud City Incinerator
Prepared Defences
Secret Plans
All Wrapped Up
Resistance
Im Sorry
You Cannot Hide Forever

Locations(5)
Bespin
BespinCloud City
Cloud CityDowntown Plaza
Cloud CityPort Town District
Cloud CityWest Gallery

Characters(29)

Prince Xizor
Iggy w/gun
Vader w/stick
Dr. E and Ponda
Grand Moff Tarkin
Lord Maul
Boba, Bounty Hunter
Snoova
Mara
ssa-306
Battle Droid Officer x2
ssa-719
383-1204
ssa-1015
383-21
383-888
U-3PO
EV-9D9 x2
EG-6 x5
Guri
Infantry Battle Droid x3

Starships(6)

Executor
Bossk in ship
Zuckuss in ship
Dengar in ship
ds-72-2 in ship
ds-72-1 in ship

Interrupts(3)

Stunning Leader x3

Effects(5)

They Must Never Again Leave This City
Reactor Terminal
Dark Deal
CC Occ
Expand The Empire

Weapons(4)

Mauls Double Saber
Fetts Rifle
Vibro Ax
Maras Stick '

Strategy: '

   The main focus of this deck is mainly to drain, and if they try to fight you, slaughter them with your droids.

   First Turn Use Im Sorry to take port town district and downtown plaza. Use the obj. to get bespin. Now you have a guaranteed activation of 7 on your second turn.

   Put ev-9d9 at the incinerator and use her to pull a power droid EVERY control phase. This is the key to the deck. Put ev and all of the power droids at the incinerator, and add some battle droids, (3or4) and an imperial. Once you get dark deal out and flip, you have a drain of 9 or 10 that cant be cancled. Then spread out on cloud city and drain. Make sure you put the battle droid that makes opponents jedi deploy + 4 and the one that cancels their immunity at the incinerator. If they try to fight you there to cancel you big drain, play stunning leader. This card is god. All of their mains, jedi, and characters of ability >2 are excluded. Then its ouch time. Your power droids are each power of 6. Plus all of the battle droids.

   You can retrieve as many droids as you want using the incinerators game text(i think). I dont think its limited to 1 time per control phase, so spend 2 force per droid and retrieve and retrieve as many as you feel like. This is awesome if you battle droids, or guri is lost. 

   Space Put the ties at the sector with dipo. Add cc occ if you want, you can search for it. Deploy the executor for free to bespin, (TMNALTC) with the other 2 bounty hunter ships. If they fight you at the sector, forfeit the ties and you can take them into hand(1) using TMNALTC.

   If you have any suggestions please tell me. I think this is a pretty strong deck, but your ideas are very welcome.  '