---
layout: post
author: ! Michael "Son of Vader" Stock
title: ! "QMC with a Bite"
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-04-09
description: ! "Well-balanced QMC that can bring the game ending beatdowns."
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (8)
Quiet Mining Colony/Independent Operation
Bespin
CC Guest Guarters
An Unusual Amount of Fear
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Keeping the Empire Out Forever
Squadron Assignments
Menace Fades

Locations (4)
Bespin Cloud City
CC Carbon Chamber
CC West Gallery
CC Platform 327

Characters (17)
EPP Luke x 2
EPP Obi-wan x 2
EPP Qui-gon x 2
Leia, Rebel Princess x 2
Lando Calrissian, Scoundrel x 2
Chewie, Enraged
Captain Han Solo
Dash Rendar
Wedge Antilles, RSL
Elyk Rue
Ten Numb
Pucumir Thryss

Ships (5)
Millennium Falcon
Outrider
Red Squadron 1
Red 7
Blue Squadron 5

Weapons/Devices (3)
X-wing Laser Cannon x 2
Intruder Missle

Admiral’s Orders (1)
I’ll Take the Leader

Effects (2)
Goo Nee Tay
Cloud City Celebration

Interrupts (20)
Gift of the Mentor
I’ve Got a Bad Feeling About This x 2
Path of Least Resistance x 3
Run Luke, Run
Rebel Barrier x 2
Power Pivot
A Jedi’s Resilience x 2
Off the Edge x 2
Rebel Artillery x 2
Houjix/Out of Nowhere
Sorry About the Mess/Blaster Proficiency
Blaster Proficiency
Alter  '

Strategy: '

PLEASE read the strategy before reviewing.  If I get any more reviews telling me to do things that are impossible (I had someone tell me to use Imperial Barrier in my Dark Deal deck, but I’m Sorry prevents you from using it), I will have to return the favor ; )

QMC has become one of my favorite Objectives to play.  With Keeping the Empire Out Forever, once you flip, you can get a card from your force pile EVERY turn.  This is absolutely huge  This can let you pull off a lot of potentially game-breaking combos that would otherwise be hard to get going.  With QMC you also get very nice activation and getting all those 0’s out of your site doesn’t hurt either.  It has a very nice average destiny too (around 3.3 or so after your sites are out if I remember correctly).  All in all a very powerful objective that can hold its own against pretty much everything the Dark Side has to offer (of course it has its weaknesses, but so does every deck).  Onto the strategy

If you play this deck properly, you should be able to flip the Objective within the first few turns.  This frees you from the force drain restriction on Quiet Mining Colony, and sets up Keeping the Empire Out Forever, which should give you the control you need to set up nice drains, big beats and retrieval.

How to flip

With Keeping the Empire Out Forever, all you need to do is control two CC sites and OCCUPY Bespin System.  There are plenty of ships/characters/weapons in this deck to do that rather easily.  X-wing Cannons help you take care of Zuckuss or any other starfighter that is in your way.  The EPPs are there for suicide strikes, or to hold a site until you flip.  There are also plenty of support cards that help you achieve this

Goo Nee Tay – combine this with the Bespin System text while you control it, and your opponent will be hard pressed to drop any kind of hit squad to the Bespin sites

The combo cards – extremely versatile cards that are too useful not to keep in your deck

Path of Least Resistance – use this as a defensive card to start and help you control that second Cloud City site for the flip.

Once you flip, utilize Pucumir Thryss and spread and drain.  Also, try to set up the I’ve Got a Bad Feeling About This beatdown.  This should be pretty darn easy considering you can take a card from your force pile EVERY turn (your’s and the opponent’s).  For those of you who haven’t seen the Keeping the Empire Out Forever effect, check it out.   Once you’ve flipped, you can use the Path of Least Resistance as a weapon.  Here are a couple situations that have arisen in my past few games

My opponent had EPP Maul and Dr. E at an interior CC site.  I dropped EPP Obi at that site, EPP Luke at an adjacent site.  I used I’ve Got a Bad Feeling to initiate the battle.  Targeted Dr. E (for the sure thing hit), drew something like a 6 total, played Blaster Proficiency lost to get Dr. E outta there.  He targeted Obi-wan, missed.  I played Run Luke, Run  to bring EPP Luke over, he targeted Luke and hit.  Luke missed with his saber, and I played Gift of the Mentor.  He tried to Sense, I canceled it with the Alter.  We both drew battle destiny.  I got 3, he got 1.  My total power ended up being 22, his was 12.  Triple the difference, and me owes me 30 force.  I pull Luke into my hand with A Jedi’s Resilience.  That was the game-ender.

Another scenario  He had Fett, Bounty Hunter and EPP Vader at an interior CC site.  I dropped Lando, Scoundrel at that site, Luke at an adjacent.  I already had Chewie, Enraged at CC.  I used IGABFAT to start a fight, played Run, Luke, Run to bring Luke over.  He targeted Luke and hit.  I target Fett with Luke’s saber, drew a tracked 5 and 7 and hit, played Blaster Proficiency to make him immediately lost.  He played I Have You Now, I brought Chewie over with Path.  He gets three BD, I get 2.  My total power came to 27 (I had weak destinies), his came to 20 (he drew 5, 5, 4 for BD).  Triple the difference, he owed me 21.  Not too bad considering he got the destiny adder played and drew nice destiny.

Don’t forget that you can use this IGABFAT combo in space as well.  Just use the X-wing Cannons to make one of his ships lost, Power Pivot to reduce the power of one of his ships to 0, and/or the Outrider/Dash Rendar text to reduce another of his ship’s power.  The super-falcon doesn’t hurt either.  

(I explained these situations in such great detail primarily for the newbies who haven’t seen the IGABFAT beatdown in action).

You can also help set up the huge beatdown with Rebel Barrier.  He drops Vader and Fett.  You Barrier one of them preventing their surprise beatdown, then bring your own smackdown next turn.  

When you try to pull this off, it is important to know what you have and what is available in your deck.  An Alter is always a good thing to have to cancel that Sense your opponent has been holding onto.  It also doesn’t hurt to track a little before hand, so you can make sure you hit Vader so you can make him lost.

Of course, there are cards out there that may screw with this beatdown.  Ghhhk comes to mind.  Though I have not seen a Ghhhk yet, it is out there, and I am thinking about adding the Frozen Assets/Draw Their Fire combo to combat this.  However, as it is possible to use IGABFAT multiple times, and there are plenty of character/ship combinations to use with the combo, I have decided to chance the possible Ghhhk because I can set up the beatdown again rather quickly.

I had always thought QMC needed more of a punch, and with Keeping the Empire Out forever making it so easy to flip and thus allowing you to have a virtual Tunnel Vision for free every turn, I think it is very powerful.  I have yet to lose with this deck (something like 6-0 with an average differential of like 15-25).  

So, if you are stuck trying to find a fun, strong Light Side deck, definitely check out QMC.  It is a great deck for newbies and old veterans alike.  The ability to search your Force pile every turn makes it easy for even the newest players to set up the combos mentioned above.

I look forward to you advice/suggestions.  (If you think it will auto-lose to a certain deck type; PLEASE tell me why that is the case so I can learn, as well as the other players that read your review).

Thanks
'