---
layout: post
author: ! Kyle "Meto" Krueger
title: ! 'Its a Kyle deck'
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-11-08
description: ! 'This is the deck that I used in both Day 1s at DCon.  It went 6-0 and I qualified on the second try.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Locations (7)
Coruscant  Docking Bay
Coruscant  Jedi Council Chamber (s)
Dejarik Hologameboard
Home One  Docking Bay
Naboo  Battle Plains
Naboo  Boss Nass Chambers
Spaceport Docking Bay

Characters (18)
Chewie, Enraged
Corran Horn
Han with Heavy Blaster Pistol
Jar Jar Binks
Lando, Scoundrel x2
Leia with Blaster Rifle
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x3
Obi-Wan with Lightsaber x2
Owen Lars & Beru Lars
Phylo Gandish
Qui-Gon, Jedi Master x2
Threepio with his Parts Showing
Yoda, Master of the Force

Green (2)
Lukes Lightsaber
Qui-Gon Jinns Lightsaber

Interrupts (20)
Alter (coruscant) x2
Blaster Deflection
Escape Pod (v) x3
Fallen Portal
Free Ride & Endor Celebration
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Houjix
On the Edge x2
Rebel Barrier
Sense & Recoil in Fear x3
Sorry About the Mess & Blaster Proficiency
Wesa Gotta Grand Army x3

Effects (13)
An Unusual Amount of Fear (s)
A Vergence in the Force
Draw Their Fire
Honor of the Jedi
I Hope Shes Alright
Lightsaber Proficiency
Insurrection & Aim High (s)
Menace Fades
Projection of a Skywalker x2
Sai torr Kal Fas (v) (s)
Sando Aqua Monster
Your Insight Serves You Well (s)

Defensive Shields (10)
Affect Mind (v)
A Tragedy Has Occurred
Battle Plan
Dont Do That Again
He Can Go About His Business
Planetary Defenses
Traffic Control (v)
Ultimatum
Wise Advise
Your Insight Serves You Well
'

Strategy: '

*RESPONSE TO REVIEW*
To Skipray
This deck actually does not have any problem whatsoever with undercover spies.  If you had actually read all of the strategy, you would have picked up on that.  I can either use Corran, Sorry About the Mess, or Wesa Gotta Grand Army.  How would force choke hurt me?  I generate what, like 13 plus Yoda, plus Qui-Gon.  How much activation do you think I need anyway?
*END RESPONSE*

*EDIT*
I forgot about the dark deal match-up.  That was pretty stupid.  Well, I guess I will put it here.  Against DD, you just take over ground as fast as you can.  You have more characters, and better ones at that.  If you put Qui-Gon or Luke down with sabers early, then things get really messy for the opponent.  Sense stuff like stunning leader.  Not a bad match-up.  Dark Deal should never see the table and you should find endor celebration as fast as possible.  It is actually a very good match for you.
*END EDIT*

In the first Day 1, I went 4-2, and did not qualify.  I played this deck again the next day, went 5-1, taking second place for that Day 1.  Almost every player that I faced had a higher rating, but I still managed to go 6-0 with this deck.  It also happens to be one of only a few original decks with some originality.  Yes, this is similar to Yoda Watches Over All, but in case you had not noticed, that was my deck, too.

What is up with the name?  I could not come up with a name, so I asked Keith Watabayashi.  He just tells me that “Its a Kyle deck.”  I really did not come up with any other inspiration, so it stuck.


Card Choices
Coruscant  Jedi Council Chamber
I use this as a starting location.  No objective (you should have figured this out from the decklist).  This makes for one of the best starting locations because it gives you 3 icons right away.  You can also use it to pull Yoda for some early sense/alter action and an extra icon.

Naboo  Battle Plains
If you ever get into a drain race, then this will help you to win.  Stack your Jedi with sabers and drain away.

Spaceport Docking Bay
This is helpful in getting around if your opponent doesn’t want you to.  You can also put it on Coruscant to set up Menace Fades should the need arise.  Watch out for No Escape (the effect people, not the shield).

Jar Jar Binks
Watto was pretty big.  Track a destiny and kill him off.  He also works well as a spy that is not a spy.  A cheap character that can deploy with Lando for another destiny.  He is also good for another combo that is often overlooked.  Undercover spies are a pain, so I have many ways to kill them.  Wesa Gotta Grand Army allows Jar Jar to kill off undercover spies.

Leia with Blaster Rifle
For the meta, this was the best choice.  She can shoot down a character (Watto for instance).  Adding a destiny with Han also came in handy for some big beats.   I wasn’t too worried about Senate in Day 1, so I did not bother with the new Leia.  You will see that I have plenty of drain prevention, making the R3 Leia not so useful.

Owen Lars & Beru Lars
3 deploy for 4 power and a destiny.  Add 5 forfeit.  Why doesnt everyone play with this card?  If nothing else, they also work with Lando for a second destiny.

Phylo Gandish
This is a very good card, especially late game.  Deploy her to the Home One  Docking Bay, then move her over to one of your opponents docking bays.  Instant drain of 3.  Guess what, she also goes with Lando for a second destiny.

Alter (Coruscant)
Fear Will Keep Them in Line, Bad Feeling Have I, Political effects, other random jank.

On the Edge
You activate a ton and you have a plentitude of recycling high destiny cards.  What is there not to love?

A Vergence in the Force
There are quite a few dark side decks that are using different methods of hitting you with a big drain at one spot  Senate, Dark Deal, Hunt Down with Conduct Your Search.  None of them pack control.  Watch them piss their pants, then move their characters to other places.  Then you can draw 2 cards off of your reserve and put a 5 back into your deck.

Projection of a Skywalker
Put him on the holotable for a drain.  Better yet, mess with your opponents drains.  Watto and Senate can get really locked down.

Sando Aqua Monster
I hate Colo Claw Fish a lot.  Also, if playing against Senate, you can get around Edcel.


Match-ups
Watto
If he starts Colo, kill it with Sando.  Pull Honor if you do not see No Escape in the first few turns.  Projection his two stupid sites.  Set up at the Battle Plains.  Pay 2 a few times, or lose 2 a few times, then start mixing it up.  It is not too necessary, but it is fun to screw with their heads when they should be screwing with yours.  Make a few late game strikes on Tatooine.  Keep some anti-undercover stuff handy.  With early Projections, you will be seriously out damaging him.  You also started with more cards in your life force and you have retrieval.

Senate
Again, he may start Colo, kill it if he does.  Put out Wise Advise right away.  Put Projection on the Senate and whatever docking bay he decides to put his Maul/Vader at.  Put Vergence on the Naboo system.  Alter his political effects if you need to, or if he does not put out Oppressive Enforcement.  Set up your drain at the Battle Plains only if you get rid of This Is Outrageous.  Pretty tough game.  I later realized how much better this would go if I got rid of his drain canceller every turn with Scanner Techs (v).

Fear Will Keep Them in Line
Start Menace Fades instead of Insight.  Put the Spaceport DB at Naboo.  Use his Death Star sites along with your own Coruscant sites to set up Menace Fades.  Alter FWKTIL.  He will most keep to himself in the air, but you can try to exploit him coming down if he is not careful about it.  Only played it once and I won by quite a bit.

Hunt Down
The current variant sets up a drain at the at the Endor  Back door.  Vergence screws them.  You set up your own drain at the Battle Plains.  Not very hard at all.

Bring Him
It is really funny when they think that they are smart and throw Palpy down by his lonesome first turn at the Endor  Docking Bay.  Luke likes the idea too.  This does not happen every game, but Bring Him is not very good anyways.  If they take Luke and take him up to the Throne Room, find a spy and Sorry About the Mess.  Kill Vader, spring Luke and whoop the Emperors @$$.

Lightsaber Combat
Start Draw Their Fire instead of Insight.  Beat down their Jedi.  They do not like sense very much at all.  If worse comes to worse, track around a couple of Escape Pods.  Not too hard.

That is about everything.  Thanks for reading, and I know that it could still use some refinement.
'