---
layout: post
author: ! Ryan "Shadow 13" French
title: ! "Driven Senate Podracing Space Fury (E1only)"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-01-21
description: ! 'An amazingly tech LightSide Senate deck that combines some amazing Congressional bonuses with I Did It for a sure-fire win.  So good, it can lose a podrace facing Watto’s Box and still win the game.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(9)
An Unusual Amount of Fear
  DShields
  All the E1 Shields, but I only play Tragedy and Close Race
  Throw in The One Ring for fun
Plead My Case To The Senate/Sanity And Compassion
Galactic Senate
Malastare
Podrace Prep (recycles)
Podrace Arena
Anakin’s Podracer
Boonta Eve Podrace
Get To Your Ships

Locations(2)
Naboo
Coruscant

Politicians(10)
Senator Palpatine x2
Queen Amidala, Ruler of Naboo
Supreme Chancellor Valorum
Mas Amedda
Sei Taria
Yarua x2
Liana Merian
Horox Ryyder

Jedi and Friends(5)
Mace Windu, Jedi Master
Qui-Gon With Lightsaber
Obi-Wan Kenobi, Padawan Learner
Captain Panaka
Naked Threepio

Weapons(1)
Panaka’s Blaster

Ships and Pilots(13)
Radiant VII
Captain Madakor
Lt. Williams
Bravo 1
Ric Olie, Bravo Leader
Bravo 2
Off. Dolphe
Bravo 3
Lt. Arven Wendik
Bravo 4
Lt. Rya Kirsch
Bravo 5
Off. Elberger

Interrupts(14)
Mindful of the Future x2
Might of the Republic x2
A Step Backward x3
Losing Track
We Wish To Board at once
Whoooo
Sense x2
Alter x2

Effects(4)
It’s On automatic pilot
Senate Hovercam
The Gravest of circumstances
Plea to the court

Crazy cards(2)
I’ll Try Spinning
I Did It
'

Strategy: '

”She may not look like much, but she’s got it where it counts.”  This deck may look like a jumble, but it wins reliably.  In a tournaments recently I went 5-3 with this deck, placing third with three full wins and a timed win.  Amazingly fun to play, since it basically penalizes the opponent at every turn, and sets up some amazing combos for you.  And by the way, don’t forget this deck is for Episode 1 only environment, otherwise it sucks vs. the anti-retrieval shields.

***********Update I tried playing this deck with non-unique N-1’s, and it went 1-1, a very unimpressive showing.  But i did notice some changes that need to be made drop Radiant VII and both pilots and all the SAC crap, add one more I’ll Try Spinning, a Might o’the Republic, a Mas Amedda, a Whooo, a Vergeance, and 2xControl.  Control should be used to cancel the Beaurocrat force drain limiter, since that really bites in space.  with this deck you have to be really careful with your ships, make sure you don’t lose them at all, or if you do make sure you can retrieve them.  End Update*********

First off while your opponent is activating in his first turn, start the Podrace  it doesn’t matter how much you retrieve when you win, start it immediately.  Winning isn’t the important thing with this race...the important thing is finishing the race so you have your own battleground site to satisfy Mas Amedda and Sei Taria, although getting I Did It on the table so you can take back a lost card every turn and kill your opponent’s Force pile is definitely nice.  The race may not always be winnable; against a dedicated DS racing deck you’ll probably lose since Sebulba’s Podracer is so much faster than Anakin’s.  I lost the podrace against just such a deck, a Watto Objective deck that started Watto’s Box and roared right over me.  I ate the 4 damage (thanks to my shield) and went on to win the game.  So the Podrace is not the most important aspect of this deck.  Podracing doesn’t have much influence at all anymore, except that there is nothing to stop the Force retrieval for the Light Side, and that’s what this deck capitalizes on.  Plus, once the podrace is over (fast as it can be), you’ll find that you now have your very own battleground site and system on the table.  all you need is one more battleground system to be able to use I Did It with the shield out, plus use all the bonuses from the Senators about battleground site & system.

Don’t worry about only having 4 serious characters for fighting on the ground, either...what I do with them is drop Obi-Wan and Panaka on the Podrace Arena, usually during the race so I can get a jump start on controlling that site once it turns battleground at the end of the race.  I usually save Qui-gon and Mace for surprise hitting on Naboo against LSC or Invasion, where they do pretty good for themselves.  especially against LSC, it’s important to get one of them at a site to stop the draining momentarily.  Even so, you don’t need a superior ground force to beat those decks, you just need breathing space and a good Senate setup.

The Senate is the key to this deck.  I’ve noticed that in my area especially, the Senate is not very popular at all.  In a six game tournament Episode 1 tournament, playing 5 different dark side decks (yes, I played 5 games with Light side.  Don’t ask), I never once saw a Senate deck face me.  I don’t know why, I haven’t figured it out yet.  What I do know is that this mix of senators is LETHAL.  Valorum, Palpatine, and Liana combine to rip the guts out of a battle.  Mas Amedda, Sei Taria, and Yarua combine to set up a devastating potential in space, and Amidala and Ryyder work great on the Political effects, canceling Force drains and recycling a card each turn as direct damage.  Throw in Might of the Republic for a once-a-game retrieval of about 4, and it just becomes amazing.

Be careful in space.  The games that I lost with this deck all resulted from a bad space situation.  In one game, my opponent dropped Tatooine Darth Maul in the Sith Infiltrator to cancel all my ability at one of my three systems, drastically curtailing my draining ability and eventually costing me the game.  In another game, an Invasion pile-up at Naboo proved insurmountable, even for Ric Olie and two more Bravos behind him, costing me that game as well.  But if your opponent is not playing space, and most non-Invasion decks have lousy space if any, you should be able to trample all over them with uncontested drains and Yarua-style retrieval, plus direct damage with It’s On Automatic Pilot, AKA Search and Destroy for space.

When this deck hits on all cylinders, it’s unstoppable.  But the amazing thing is that this deck can win a game even when it misses a couple  I’ve won games after losing the podrace.  I’ve won games without ever controling a battleground site.  This thing stands up to every Dark Side deck out there and pulls out a win.  You won’t believe it until you try it, so try it

Card choices
Horox Ryyder - maybe another Mas Amedda or something...Ryyder is basically useless in the Senate but he’s destiny 3 and he has all 3 major agendas needed in this deck peace to flip, order for destiny +3, and taxation for Gravest Circumstances direct damage.

A Step Backward - 3 is barely enough as it is, but if your meta features a lot of DS racing, pull one for Too Close For Comfort.  Damaged podracers suck.  or maybe drop a Mindful of the Future, although you really need all three systems to come out.

I’ll Try Spinning - This card is really your only hope facing Tatooine Maul in space.  the average ship is going to add 8 vs. Maul’s 4, so you should be able to spin off Maul rather quickly.  if he chooses to cloak...spin him anyway.

Enjoy, and may the Force be with you

Ryan ”frenchie6901” French
Rebel Strike Team Founder
http//www.decktech.net/43       '