---
layout: post
author: ! Keith "Gen" Watabayashi
title: ! "G-Scum"
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-11-29
description: ! "Ket Maliss brokeness"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting Effect(1)
Fear is my Ally

Objective(1)
My Kind of Scum

Locations(5)
TatooineDesert Heart  (s)
TatooineJabba’s Palace (s)
Jabba’s Palace Audience Chamber
Jabba’s PalaceLower Passages
Jabba’s Sail BargePassenger Deck

Characters(23)
Gailid
Ephant Mon
Boelo
Bib Fortuna
Mighty Jabba
Mercenary Pilot
Rodian [v] x2
Guri
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba
Prince Xixor
Chall Bekan
IG-88 w/Riot Gun
4-Lom w/Concussion Rifle
Bossk w/Mortar Gun
Dengar w/Blaster Carbine x2
Boba Fett w/Blaster Rifle x2
Greedo [v] x4

Effects(9)
Well Guarded (s)
Power of the Hutt (s)
Ket Maliss [v] (s)
Molatar [v] (s)
Hutt Influence
Bad Feeling Have I
First Strike 
Scum & Villainy x2

Starships(4)
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter x2
Stinger

Interrupts(16)
Prepared Defenses (s)
Stunning Leader x2
None Shall Pass x2
Imperial Barrier
Ghhk
Masterful Move & Endor Occ.
Abyssin Ornament
We Must Accelerate Our Plans x2
Sniper & Dark Strike
Res Luk Ra’uf
Oo-ta Goo-ta Solo [v]
Jabba’s Through With You x2

Vehicles(1)
Jabba’s Sail Barge '

Strategy: '

There really isn’t much to explain with this deck. The deck is MKOS mains with virtual cards. Just imagine the speed of MKOS  with the ability to pull your rep once per turn. Use Rodians to pull Bounty Hunters to set up in Jabba’s Palace or to go fight elsewhere.

Interrupts

Your imterrupts are divided into three categories Search, anti-battle, battle. Oo-ta-Goo-ta Solo is raw power, but you bounty hunters shouldn’t be alone that often, and is they are you have defenses for them. Res Luk Rauf works with Greedo, Bossk, and Boba, all of which you use, so it becomes huge, and Jabba’s Through With You is a no brainer.

Characters

Your characters are divided into four categories Palace Crew, Support Crew, Non-Uniques, and Bounty Hunters. That should explain the characters I use, and the support group consists of Xixor, Guri, Chall, and Dr. E. I like these guys because Chall is a triple threat, helping deploy costs, searching, and piloting. Dr. E is obvious, and so are Xixor and Guri. Also, all of your characters work with Molater, so Goo Nee Tay never becomes a factor.

Effects

The only real important thing to note here is Ket Maliss, who says that "Once Per Turn take into hand Greedo, etc.etc." This means that you should always have the oppurtunity to cancel force drains/battle destinies, a great combo with Guri. Against decks like WYS and QMC, the Guri-Ket Maliss-Greedo space fodder is a great combination. (Get Guri in space, pull Greedos and cancel destiny until you run out, put him on the ship and forfiet him, battle your next turn, retrieve him, then search for him on your opponent’s turn).

Starships/Vehicles

Do I really need to explain this?

Locations

See above statement


Changes I would make

Something I have considered is taking out the Sail Barge/P. Deck/M. Pilot combo, and replacing it with 2 docking bays (Ket Maliss pulls them) and another Guri.

If Combat is big in your area, turn the deck into a Hidden Weapons deck. Really easy, just add two Jodo Kasts and two copies of the interrupt, maybe put in more Rodians, and capture away.


Really thats all I want to say, the posting of this deck is really for my own benefit (have the decklist) and I would like ideas/opinions on it, so let me know what you honestly think.

Keith "Gen" Watabayashi '