---
layout: post
author: Vjeko "mighty_maul" Keskic
title: 'All Your Damage Belongs To Watto'
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-05-25
description: 'Watto likes Direct Damage!!!'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

objective 	: 	No Money,No Parts,No Deal!/You’re A Slave


locations (6)

Jabba’s Palace : Audience Chamber
Imperial Holotable
Tatooine : Jabba’s Palace
Blockade Flagship : Bridge
Tatooine : Watto’s Junkyard
Tatooine : Mos Espa



characters (24)

Darth Vader With Lightsaber (3x)
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle
Janus Greejatus
Boba Fett,Bounty Hunter
Prince Xizor
IG-88 With Riot Gun
Mighty Jabba
Darth Maul With Lightsaber (2x)
Watto (4x)
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba
Mara Jade,The Emperor’s Hand (2x)
Darth Maul
Emperor Palpatine (2x)
P-59
Televan Koreyy 

starships/vehicles (4)

Blizzard 4
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Executor
Maul’s Sith Infiltrator 


weapons (1)

Mara Jade’s Lightsaber

interrupts (17)

Twi’lek Advisior
We Must Accelerate Our Plans (2x)
Unsalvageable (2x)
Imperial Barrier (2x)
Watto’s Chance Cube
Sniper & Dark Strike
Projective Telepathy (2x)
Ghhk
Masterful Move & Endor Occupation
Masterful Move 
Force Lightning 
Neimoidian Advisor (2x)



effects (8)

Fear Is My Ally
Bad Feeling Have I
Blast Door Controls
First Strike
Search & Destroy
Imperial Rest Order & Secret Plans
No Escape
Colo Claw Fish

defensive shields (10)

Come Here You Big Coward
Allegations Of Corruption
Resistance
There Is No Try
We’ll Let Fate-a Decide,Huh?
Battle Order
Secret Plans
You’ve Never Won A Race?
You Cannot Hide Forever
Fanfare 

Strategy: 

strategy : 

the watto strategy isn’t really hard to understand or to explain, watto just likes direct damage, and that’s the fact.
i decided to start with "bad feeling have i" cause EPP’s will kill my watto and this really sucks,don’t forget to 
pull out as the fisrt action "There Is No Try", so you are a litlle bit protect from "alter".i always try to flip watto
the first turn, the best way to flip watto for zero force is in combo with "Televan Koreyy", this small guy just rulez!
then i try to get out my jabba’s palace with "Neimoidian Advisor" this card is tech, with the audience chamber, holotable and the bridge
the force activation "must" be enough for watto, give direct damage with "Search & Destroy","Watto" and "First Strike".
i put in also a tatooine maul for the space, maul in ship is a biest, just a QMC Killer, with watto i’am also able to pull
out the Executur and maul in ship, this is always enough for space, cause watto will never drain high he will kick 
a.sses in battle or give his loven DIRECT DAMAGE. so try protect watto and the gane is a auto win!!! don’t deploy to fast
your big mains, (except palpy with janus) keep maul with stick and EPP Vader for the importnat battle againt qui etc. ....!

this was the main strat nothing amazing new, but it still works and works and works ......


Why Colo Claw Fish?

i think this card must be in every dark deck (ok if opponent plays starting for light side it’s junk, but otherwise?)
with colo claw fish you’ll be able to kill mains like qui,ben or luke easily it’s a better feelign if you battle and you see 
there is a dest of 6 on the fish so think about it ?


Why Unsalvageable ?

this card is tech, it keeps you watto "alive" and it will help your Executor against Power Pivot or something else and it’s 
a nice dest of 5 and the best thing it’s used interrupt!

so the rest of my deck is normal (i think, or?), maybe put in one more "Chance Cube" sometimes it will help you if you keep
this interrupt in hand for battles @ watto’s junkyard.


thx all for reading/rating my deck, and please write helpfull critic or some new awesome ideas!!!









