---
layout: post
author: Timmah "Cmoney" Goblles
title: 'WYS 1 kessel run'
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-02-04
description: ! 'READ THE WHOLE DECK BEFORE REVIEW( That includes strategy)'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting(9)
WYS/this place can be a little rough
Menace Fades
Inserrection/aim high
Squadren Assignments
An unusual amount of Fear
Tattoinecatina
Tatooine Docking Bay 94
Tattoine
Heading for the medical Frigate

Charachters(19)
Ben Kenobi
Captain Han Solo
Chewie Enraged
Dash Rendar x2
Han with heavy blaster pistol x2
Lando wiht pistol x2
Leebo
Luke wiht Lightsaber
Master Luke
Melas x2
Mirax terrik
Obi wan wiht Lightsaber
Palace Raider x2
Phylo Gandish
Wedge Antilies

Effects(5)
Bacta Tank
Honor of hte Jedi
Kessel Run
Tatooine Celebration
Uncontrollable Fury

Admirals Ordrer(1)
Ill take the Leader

Interrupts(15)
A Few Manuevers
A Jedi Resiliastance x2
All waings report In/DarkLighter Spin
Clash Of sabers
Dont get @#$%y
Gift of a Mentor
Houjix/Out of Nowhere
Ive got a bad felling about this
Life debt
OOC/TT
Rebel Barrier
Sorry about the mess/ Blaster Profeciancy
The signal x2

Location(3)
Correlia
Kessel
Spaceprot Docking bay

Starships(5
Millennium Falcon
Outrider
Pulsar skate
Redemption
Red squadren 1

Vehicles(2)
Patrol Craft x2

weapons(1)
x-wing laser cannon


'

Strategy: '

Update ok I didn’t know about hte deploy ost for redeption so take that out and Obi wan with lightsaber and add in Theron Nett nad red 10.Take out one a jedi’s resilistance and add in Talon Karde. oK after redaing some more review i fianally understand what people are talking baout hte deploy 11 Ben. Secreat Plans. So take out Benkenobi and  put in a fallen portal. also take out a mentors gift and add in another Fallen Portal


Respons to reviews I didntk now redemption deploys for 11. I really dont see how a deploy 11 obi wan is bad it seems like reviing a main charachters is worth it and why is it i cna’t retrieve and depploy for 11 that makes no sense at all.



Well it’s a pretty basic deck Stay on tatoine  use Tatoine celebration and drains and fights a pretty basic WYS deck. In a boutm id game start the Kessel runs. I’m just going to write the why i have these cards for now and i will post match ups later.

Why i have these cards
Ben Kenobi- yes a deploy 11 Ben. I think it’s worth it to deploy him for 11 he can revive any one he like a bacta tank. You can forfeit Mains and revive them i think it’s worth it.

Obi wan with Lightsaber- He has a lightsaber and i can replace Ben if i need to.

Phylo Gandish- she deploys for free and most dark decks use docking bays so ill be able to drain them.
Bacta Tank/Redemption- I think the Fact that you can revive some one and then deploy them for free is good.

Kessel run- I pretty much don’t do a run until it’s about mid game. I have Captain Han and melas in the Falcon so they can do the run. They draw two destinies and can cause a redraw. Its really extra retrieval and when you finish the run you will retrieve it again with Tatooine occupation.

Uncontrollable Fury- Its good to put n Vader it makes them Lose a force maybe 2 every turn.

Gift of a mentor is good because you can add a battle destiny if obi wan and Luke are in a battle with each other.

I only got 2 palace raiders cause i don’t think threes a need for anymore.

I would appreciate good reviews and advice from people. Please don’t right stupid reviews though. Thanks
Some cards i owuld like to add in are No questions asked, Talon Karde, Theron nett and red 10.





'