---
layout: post
author: Dunya "Hardpack" Ertan
title: 'power of Rebel strike team....'
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-05-04
description: 'Beat down and out drain'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

Endor rebel landing site
Heading for the medical frigate
Squadron assignments
Strike planing
Shield is down
Defensive shields: (10) most useful are pod racing helper, battle order and a grabber

Locations:
Endor back door
Endor hidden forest trail
Endor dense forest

Characters:
Luke Jedi knight x2
General solo
Jin with stick x2
Obi with stick x2
Jar jar x2
Orrimaarko
Sergeant junkin
Lieu. Blount
Cor. Midge
Captain yutani
Daughter of sky walker
Chewbacc of kashyyyk
Corran horn
Colonel cracken
Chewie with blaster 
Rep ben
Wedge antilles red squadron leader
General calrissian
Corporal beezer
General crix madine
Leit greeve
Sergeant bruckman
Major panno
Wuto
Owen and brue combo
Major hassh
Cor. Janse

Effects:
Traffic control
Lightsaber profiency

Interupts:
Out of commison x2
Jedi presence x3
Gift of a mentor
Nabrun leids
A few maneuvers x3
The bith shuffle combo

Ships:
Gold one (Lando ships)
Red squadron 1
Home one x2
Artoo in red 5

Weapons:
Intruder missile x2



Strategy: 

edit 1: u know what if u cant figure out the objective by the card choice u are a retart. second i forgot to put endor system and an usual amount offear wow. get over it. Bean u are a born moron. u could not find nothing else wrong with deck expect my putting down the obvious. fu ck it. i was expecting a real review. what the hell is this crap bean.

Edit 2: i dont plan to hold 4 sites a turn. thats a suciede. Idea is to play against opponents weakness. thank you for critical review. i might switch to combo

This is a above standard rst. I have tried it with many versions of this deck. Pod racer, blowing it up and so on. This version works great for taking care of a ground force of any deck. It deploys for cheap and high destinies are huge. It recycles real easy. Also u might wonder why not blowing it up the bunker? Well no need to. You will fake it in till they figure it out. .

Characters choices:
Jedi Luke- it’s a tank. It’s a destinies 6 ads power and deploy for 5 what u waiting for.

Two stick swing people- they are great for Jedi presence and swing and hit run tactics.

Endor sites- this takes some expination- each site u activates +1 so u will out activated them every turn. This is a guarantee. 

No combo for out of commissions? –Its free and easy way to take characters out. U got many spies and characters to take out visage. This will be useful.

Nabrun leads: just in case if u need to get somewhere it makes it easy.

Home one- not a problem with this deck. It activates massive by turn 2. Don’t forget +1 for each Endor site.

First couple of turns: grab general carrison and crix. Grab back door. Activate and deploy sites in hand. Deploy ur ships and hold it in space.  Deploy crix and chewabbaca and wuta. Use two forces to grab a site and deploy. This way next turn u got 2 at Endor system, 3 back door, 3 at rebel landing site and 3 at another site. That’s 12 force by second turn. Nice don’t u think…

Now for favorite decks types:

Combat (of course)- This is the easiest deck u will ever face with this deck. I only lot of people going to say why and how. They will give u nice activation of 5. U will out activate them and out power them in ever battle. They can not battle u in Naboo because of the objective. So this what u do. Activate and deploy lando and gold 1 to space. Then save force. Wait for them to deploy any one character down. Then come down and hold the naboo sites. U got out of commission. Use them smartly. Get maul out first and then Vader. Don’t worry about emperor. He becomes very useless in that deck then. He can not deploy front of ur jedis and move front of them either.  Trust me this deck never had a problem with that deck.

Scum: activate and wait. Let them get conformable there. U set up at Endor and flip. U can flip easy. U got enough scouts to flip by second turn if possible. Use hit and run tactics to kill people. 

Wato: this is the fun deck. Get an out of commission in ur hand and then deploy a character for a beat down front of wato. U get no destines but u should not miss it.

Death star: Load up home one with lots of characters and put harrs on. He gets lateral damage cancelled. Go to death star system and try to drain. If a flip deck. Then wait for aldrean go bye bye. Then beat the hell out of the gunners. Make them ur bi tch. 

Senate: tough match. IF they play space. Hold to Endor for a flip and drain. They can not cancel ur drains. It will kill them in the long run. 

Hunt down crap: play smart. Wait for Vader. Look for out of commission. Use spy to kill visage when u readies. Make sure u are ready.

dark deal: This is a good match up. they will get executor down for nothing. But one bad thing about this deck is no barriers. so u can beat them to death in two good battles. jedi presnce is great. 

Invasion: set up at the endor and out drain them. watch out for stunning leader. u are fine but just in case. take them out at the chamber and hold it. this way u can make them come to u

This deck is ready for anything that faces against it. It kills and chops characters down like onion rattler. Destinies are huge if u know how to work the tracticing. Yes it will have problems with racing but u can recovery from it. Idea is to deceive for few turns. This way u can get a good beat down. I hope u like it. It’s a great deck.  








