---
layout: post
author: ! Clayton "TheDohMan" Atkin
title: ! 'Atkins Alderaan 2nd Place TDIGWATT'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-05-20
description: ! 'This is my version of The Deal that went 3-1 in the Alderaan regionals, losing only in the final duel to Peter Nordstroms Light Senate Beats (Hunter style....dont you know who he is?)'
rating: 5.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting Stuff (8)

TDIGWATT/I’m getting Shafted
CC Upper Walkway
Prepared Defences
You Cannot Hide Forever/Mob Points
Combat Responce
I’m Sorry
Imperial Arrest Order/Secret Plans
Fear is my Ally (with 10 sheilds)

Locations (6)
Bespin System
Bespin Cloud City
Cloud City Carbonite Chamber
Cloud City Chasm Walkway
Cloud City West Gallery
Cloud City East Platform (db)

Characters (18)
Darth Maul with Lightsaber x2
Darth Vader with Lightsaber
Dr. Evazon & Ponda Baba
Emperor Palpatine
4-Lom with concussion rifle
Boba Fett, Bounty Hunter
Bane Malar
Prince Xizor
Guri
Janus Greejatus
Prophetess (virtual)
Brangus Glee
P-59
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Baron Soontir Fel
DS-61-2
Major Turr Phennir

Ships & Vehicles (7)
Executor
Saber 1
Saber 2
Black 2
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Stinger
Blizzard 4

Weapons (2)
SFS Ls9.3 Lasser Cannons x2

Interupts (12)
Twi’lek Advisor
We Must Accelerate our Plans x2
Stunning Leader x2
Dark Maneuvers & Tallon Roll x2
Masterful Move & Endor Celebration
Short Range Fighters & Watch your Back
Ghhhk & Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us
Imperial Command
Overload

Effects (5)
Dark Deal
Cloud City Occupation x2
Bad Feeling Have I
They Must Never Again Leave This City

Admirals Orders (2)
Battle Deployment x2 '

Strategy: '

Editor’s note 5/26  The reason I don’t play with Crush the Rebellion is because I don’t have any room to play with the Evader combo, or I Have You Now’s...and honestly, the AO Battle Deployment makes sure I don’t get bombed by multiple destinie draws.  Now, if your losing to QMC with this deck, your playing it all wrong.  QMC gets choked by this deck.  Against the Mining colony you hold on to your sites until they’ve deployed thiers.....then convert them.  I beat the number 9 player in the world (Kevin Shannon....don’t you know who he is?) with this deck against his QMC.  At the end of the game, he was activating for 10 to my 15.  

Editor’s note 5/20  Yes, Menace fades hurts the heavy draining, but then that’s where Occupation falls into place.  This deck will still be hitting for a minimum of 8 per turn.  2 Occupations is an ABSOLUTE MUST because that is what wins games.  Dark Deal just makes it into a quick game.  Sure, I could possibly use another escape card, like Wookie, but if your set up right and they’re paying +3 for the heavy hitters...you have plenty of time to find a Stunning Leader.  I know it’s hard to understand it until you play it, but even if your opponent is activating for 18-20, they will be hard pressed to do you any damage at all.  +3 to each main only gets the light side 2 mains that they can deploy, then with Battle Deployment they are only drawing 1 battle destiny anyways.  Also, if they are spending all thier force to deploy expensive characters, that means they are hardly drawing any cards at all.  They cannot keep up the onslaught continuously. 

Alright, even though most people know how to play it, I’ll go through the steps for you.  Before you activate, your first action will be to use Mob Points to grab the Executor from your reserve deck.  Then, while your in there, grab 2 interior CC sites with I’m sorry.  You’ll notice that I play with 3 interior sites.  More times than not, I will already have one in my opening hand.  Activate, then deploy all your sites.  Use your objective to go get the system...If it’s not there, just grab something else.  That’s half the fun with this deck.......until you flip, your looking into your reserve every turn.  While your getting your system out also grab and deploy your docking bay.  This will give you all the force you need to get the deck rolling. 

Use your first Twi’lek/Accelerate to get Bad Feeling out.  When you control the system, and have Bad Feeling in effect, all the light side mains cost +3 to deploy to your sites.  The free Executor is always nice, but I’ve found that choking your opponent early is more important. If people play a lot of Sence/Alter in your area, use your shields to protect your important effects.  In one local tournament game, Bad Feeling was Altered 3 times before it finally stuck to the table.  By the middle of the game, I had all his Alters stacked on the grabber shield.  Generally though, you want to save your grabber sheild for Free Ride/Endor Celebration, because it’s the Occupation that wins the games. If you happen to keep Dark Deal in effect, that’s an added bonus.

Generally, I will only deploy a single character to each interior site.  Now this is subject to change depending on the situation.  If you don’t have an escape card, or the ghhhk combo in hand, make sure it’s one of the beefy characters.  But once The Deal is in effect, with Battle deployment out....have no fear.  Your power is +4 at each site, plus an additional 1 for each ship at Cloud City.  So even little old Janus is at least power 6.


This deck plays so that you don’t have to leave Cloud City to win.  I generally stay on my sites unless my opponent leaves himself open.  They have to come to you or they’re losing some HUGE drains plus Occupation every turn.   My 3 wins at the regional were against LSC, TIGIH racing, and QMC. (just choked the QMC deck...that’s an auto win.  Unless your Brian Hunter playing Bastian...I still can’t explain that one.  Don’t you know who he is?)  In all 3  games, I never had to leave Cloud City.

Now for some card choices

Guri  Keeps things in check up in space

Bane Malar  The Ultimate anti P.O’d Chewie Card

Prophetess (virtual) This chick rocks.  If your opponent is setting up destinies for their next turn, use her text after they activate 1 force.

Thrawn  Who better to keep the system in check?

Black 2 (virtual) I had been using this guy even before they made him better.  With Tallon Roll, he’s a 9 before you even draw destiny.  Now, he’s even better and immune to less than 5.

Stinger  Great with Guri, but also nice and cheap to deploy to Cloud City to get The Deal into effect

Stunning Leader  Notice how almost everyone that I use is a leader or has ability greater than 2?  This card makes it so you fight on your terms after your opponent has spent a butt-load of force to deploy 2 characters

Dark Maneuvers & Tallon Roll  Great Multi purpose card.  If your affraid of x-wing cannons, this makes it more difficult for your ships to get blown out of the sky.  Also makes Black 2 a mean S.O.B.  Destiny 6 on top of all that.

MM & Endor Celebration  Sometimes, you just can’t take over thier system.

Overload  Just some more anti-cannon tech.  Also easily gets rid of Qui-Gons combat stick.

Battle Deployment  When this is out, your opponent may not draw more than 1 battle destiny at related sites where you have a ship.  In other words, your opponent just spent 16 force to get epp Han and PO’d Chewie out....they only get 1 battle destiny.  Evil isn’t it??  Also, it lets you deploy Blizzard 4 from your reserve deck.....and, unless your opponent has a capitol and a starfighter at a system, their ships are each power -2.  (Awsome card for this deck)

My overall record with this deck, counting Saturday’s final duel, stands at 16-2.  With both losses comming from the hands of Peter Nordstrom.  But hey, he’s our regional champion...so I think that’s acceptable.  Just remember that when your playing it, your activating for so much early, and in your reserve deck every turn, that if your looking for a specific card.....it’s easily accessable.  It’s not the hardest deck to play, but it’s not the easiest by far either.  Have fun with it, and I’ll see you at DCon 02.  
'