---
author: Chris "Fred" Davis
title: 'TDIGWATT/PIDAIAF CC Dark Deal Deck'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-06-19
description: 'Fast Dark Deal deck.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Defensive Shields:
use any that you like

Starting: 7 cards
1x This Deal Is Getting Worse All The Time/ Pary I Don’t Alter It Further
1x Prepared Defenses
1x Combat Response (1st effect)
1x Imperial Arrest Order (2nd effect)
1x I’m Sorry (3rd effect)
1x All Wrapped Up
1x CC: Port Town District (starting site)

Locations: 6 Cards
1x Bespin
1x Bespin: Cloud City
1x CC: East PLatform Docking Bay (pull out with IMperial Arrest Order)
1x CC: Carbonite Chamber (pull out with I’m Sorry)
1x CC:Chasm Walkway
1x CC: Casino

Characters: 22 Cards
1x Lord Vader
1x Grand Moff Tarkin
1x Grand Admiral Thrawn
1x Admiral Piett
1x Trooper Davin Felth
1x Sergeant Tarl
1x Corporal Drazin
1x DS-61-2
1x DS-61-3
1x DS-181-3
1x DS-181-4
1x Lando Calrissian
1x Lobot
6x Cloud City Trooper
1x Boba Fett, Bounty Hunter
1x IG-88
1x Darth Maul With Lightsaber

Starships: 10 Cards
1x Chimaera
1x Avenger
2x Imperial-Class Star Destroyer (V is possible)
1x Black 2 (V)
1x Black 3
1x Saber 3
1x Saber 4
1x OS-72-1 In Obsidian 1
1x OS-72-2 In Obsidian 2

Vehicles: 4 Cards
1x Blizzard 2
1x Tempest 1
1x Blizzard Walker
1x Combat Cloud Car

Weapons: 1 Card 
1x Vader’s Lightsaber

Effects: 3 Cards
1x Dark Deal
1x Cloud City Occupation
1x Expand The Empire

Interrupts: 7 Cards
5x Dark Maneuvers & Tallon Roll
2x The Empire’s Back

The Basic idea is to get Dark Deal out as fast as you can but don’t flip the objective until you have CC occupation in your hand.  This is important becasue if your opponent cancels your forcedrains (maybe using JT#1) you still need to be able to dish out the force loss.  
Use Combat Response to get your fighters down at Cloud City and Maybe a few at Bespin.  Deploy the destroyers at Bespin and move em around if you want jusst make sure to control Bespin so that CC occupation still works.  Use DM / Tallon Roll to stop any starfighters from battling you.  (use the Sabers to Tallon Roll if you can)
You might want to hold Vader, Boba Fett, and Tarkin in your hand if you feel your opponent may leave a person unprotected.  If they do then they’ll get a nasty suprise (3 destiny and you cancel one).
Deploy Expand The Empire on Port town district.  This means that alien deploy -1, are power +1 and force drain +1 at 3 different sites.
Deploy CC troopers for 1 force quickly to get Dark Deal Down as fast as you can.
Remember, Dark Deal is canceled if opponent OCCUPIES four Bespin locations and Cliud City Occupation is canceled if opponent CONTROLS Bespin.


Strategy: 

The Basic idea is to get Dark Deal out as fast as you can but don’t flip the objective until you have CC occupation in your hand.  This is important becasue if your opponent cancels your forcedrains (maybe using JT#1) you still need to be able to dish out the force loss.  
Use Combat Response to get your fighters down at Cloud City and Maybe a few at Bespin.  Deploy the destroyers at Bespin and move em around if you want jusst make sure to control Bespin so that CC occupation still works.  Use DM / Tallon Roll to stop any starfighters from battling you.  (use the Sabers to Tallon Roll if you can)
You might want to hold Vader, Boba Fett, and Tarkin in your hand if you feel your opponent may leave a person unprotected.  If they do then they’ll get a nasty suprise (3 destiny and you cancel one).
Deploy Expand The Empire on Port town district.  This means that alien deploy -1, are power +1 and force drain +1 at 3 different sites.
Deploy CC troopers for 1 force quickly to get Dark Deal Down as fast as you can.
Remember, Dark Deal is canceled if opponent OCCUPIES four Bespin locations and Cliud City Occupation is canceled if opponent CONTROLS Bespin.

Against . . .
Hidden Base - Probe if you want but they will have to come after you if you get your drains going.  Just Tallon Roll the starfighters and you should be fine.
Quite Mining Colony - Convert their locations and only deploy Lando and Lobot at the same time so that they can’t be converted.  They will Probally just deploy clouds so move your TIEs in and Tallon Roll them and then drain tehm for 2.  If they use Cloud Cars then just hold the lands and the System.
Mind What You Have Learned - JT#1 will cancel your drain modifiers so just go strait out for CC occupation.  Deploy Dark Deal if you want the power modifiers.





