---
layout: post
author: ! Anthony "Old-schooler" Mornout
title: ! "I lose how much??  Ver 2.0"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-02-07
description: ! 'After Many Many games, a few trades, and a tourny here is an updated version for an awesome deck thats hard to beat.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start(9)
Fear Is My Ally
Let them Make the first move
Naboo generator
Naboo generator core
Deep Hatred
Prepared defenses
YCHF & mob. points
IAO & SP
Wipe them out, all of them

Locations (3)
Imperial holotable
Carida
Exectutor docking bay

People (17)
Lord Maul x3 (AKA the Beast)
Vader w/ lightsaber x3 (AKA the Slayer)
Emporer Palpy x2  (AKA tech mo’r proxy)
GA Thrawn x2  (AKA Meat)
Mara Jade, TEH (AKA the Whore)
Janus Greejatus (AKA the Pimp)
Boba Fett, BH (AKA Knight)
Prince Xizor (AKA the John)
Dr E and Ponda Baba (AKA the other Johns
P-59 
IG-88 with gun

Ships (6)
Chimaera x2  (AKA Wedge Slayer)
Zuckuss in MH (AKA the Nothing)
Tie Interceptor x3 (AKA the Flies)

Weapons (4)
TIE gun x2
Maul’s 2 blade x2

Interrupts (16)
Imp. Artillery
Masterful move x2
MM and End Occup.
force field x2
stunning leader x3
weapon lev.
Imp barrier
blow parried x2
Ghhhk & TRWEU x2
control & SFS

Effects (5)
Search and destroy
Security Precautions
The Phantom Menace
Visage of the Emporer x2
'

Strategy: '

EDIT 1  WTF?  Why do I need to waste a card slot for Mara’s stick.  From what I’ve seen 99% of the time she comes down beats on someone and then dies herself.  immunity to less than 4 just doesn’t cut it.  and as for more space you didn’t get the point that there are 2 chimaeras and thrawns in there.  Those, zuckuss and the Ties are usually enough to handle everything I’ve seen in my area.  
oh yeah VS LS Stick Combat.  setup as usual.  Chances are that there will only be 3-4 battlegrounds in play,  so your one spy will come in pretty handy.  drain at the holotable and space.  and CATCH STRIKE BLOCKED,  and only use blow parried when they used it.  You know they will catch yours.  Win your combats and keep steady drains elsewhere and you should do fine.


Alrighty then. Here goes.  First turn should be like this  Search for Carida, Activate 6 or more, search for docking bay, play masterful move, play Holotable, And if you have enough force left play either Maul OR the Emporer.  DO NOT COMMIT YOUR VADER TO NABOO.  If all went well you activate one on your opponents turn and at least 11 on yours.  Drain at Naboo early and often.  Always use Mauls saber if its in play.  Cancel battles with stunning leader and SATM with Force Field.  If your opponent is foolish enough to deploy a jedi to Naboo, give Maul a combat card on your opponents turn and another on your turn.  

Card choices.  
Weapon lev.  pulls Mauls stick and TIE guns and is good for one stolen lightsaber. 

2x Thrawn/Chimaera  Money in the bank.  noone expects to see him twice plus raises your odds of drawing both early,  which is key against QMC and WYS.

Ghhhk & TRWEU  There seems to be a resurgence of Dodge (around here at least)  Also cancels Hyper escape Landing claw and narrow escape (it is a react isn’t it.)

Cards I would put in if I had them  
Sidious but only 1 
another Imp. artillery
and another Fett.  lose 2 put him back in your deck to fight again.

On to match ups.
WYS  Setup as usual.  Send the Flies and Wedge Slayer with Meat aboard after the flying smugglers.  Vader, Fett and TRWEU for lone monkeys trying to dodge on tatooine.  tough but winnable.  

QMC  Setup as usual.  Send Flies and Wedge Slayer with Meat aboard after Flying monkeys.  keep menace fades from taking effect.  if you can try to bring the beats to CC.  

TIGIH  setup as usual DO NOT DEPLOY VADER OR ANY OTHER IMPERIAL ON THE GROUND.  They don’t flip they don’t win.  

Hidden Base  Sacrifice YCHF instead of pulling carida pull security precautions.  They cannot cancel your drains at Naboo, so make them pay for playing a weak objective.  Probe and Search and destroy will put an end to the secret base.

RST  setup as usual.  beatdown scouts early and often drain for a ton on Naboo. ect. ect.

Profit  take your free characters and run away from the AC.  setup as usual.  drain for a ton beat on mains.  ect. ect.  

RTP  Stop the Princess from being rescued and pray they dont OOC your Maul on the first turn.  setup at carida and play battle order.  Kill jedi that think they can go to Naboo.  

If there are any Deck types I forgot just tell me and I’ll tell you how to beat them down.  

'