---
layout: post
author: Ilhan "il41" Mathews
title: 'Vader, Dark Lord Of The Rings vs. 3.0'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-01-02
description: ! 'Another version of my Hunt Down that packs huge power and deals direct damage through Visage.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(9)
Hunt Down
Executor Holotheatre
Executor Meditation Chamber
Visage Of The Emperor
Prepared Defenses
Power Of The Hutt
Mobilization Points
Imperial Arrest Order
Fear Is My Ally

Locations(4)
Executor Docking Bay
Naboo Theed Palace Docking Bay
Naboo Battle Plains
Carida

Characters(19)
Lord Vader x2
Darth Vader
Vader with Lightsaber
Maul with Lightsaber x2
Darth Sidious x2
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Boba Fett, Bounty Hunter x2
IG-88 with Riot Gun
4-LOM with Concussion Rifle
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba
Ephant Mon
Prince Xizor
Snoova
Guri
P-59

Weapons(3)
Vibro-Ax
Vader’s Lightsaber x2 (Premiere)

Vehicles(1)
Blizzard 4

Starships(4)
Chimaera
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
Dengar in Punishing One
Bossk in Hound’s Tooth

Interrupts(16)
Imperial Command x2
Sense & Uncertaion Is The Future x4
You Are Beaten x2
Twi’lek Advisor x2
Masterful Move
Jabba’s Through With You
Weapon Levitation
Ghhk & Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us
I Have You Now 
Evader

Effects(6)
Visage Of The Emperor
Crush The Rebellion
Bad Feeling Have I
Imperial Decree
Colo Clawfish
No Escape '

Strategy: '

To start your game you use Prepped D to pull Power Of The Hutt, IAO, and Mob Points (why no combo? I used to use it, but every deck packs DDTA now so it’s pointless). Anyway, first turn pull Carida with MP. I can guarantee you it will be suspended immediately afterwards. After that, use IAO to pull the Exdb (or Naboo db if you already have Ex). Then use Power Of The Hutt and pull Ephant Mon to make the Ex a spy-free zone. Get Vader out asap. I know I know, there are only 4, and I know you guys are going to hound me for using EPP Vader in a Hunt Down. The truth is, these are the only 4 Vaders I have and besides, Bliz 4 pulls one for free anyway. Once you get Vader out, flip and start the beats. With this deck, you need to continuously send offensive characters to his sites and disrupt his strategy. I believe the characters in this deck are capable of doing so and they have faired very well in the few matches this new deck has seen. 

In terms of battling, you have quite a few cards that can help you out. Colo Clawfish is among one of them. Since you can hardly pull any of the characters, destiny draws may be a little bit of a problem. Not so with the big fish. Alot of the BHs in here have permanent weapons so I threw in a Jabba’s Through With You to add a battle destiny. I should probably include more, but I’m lacking space. Bad Feeling Have I will slow down your opponent’s reinforecments as you beat down whatever characters he may have at his own sites. Use Wep Lev to steal weapons with Maul and Vader and use Evazan/Ponda to kill off characters instantly after you hit them. Guri is great against any deck, limiting your opponent to 1 battle destiny. The thing that sucks is that Vader can’t be there which is why I usually attack the opponent at 2 fronts. Why do I pack 4 Sense cards? I always leave Sidious on the Executor, allowing him to place Jedi out of play continuously. With him down, it is next to impossible to miss with Sense, and so many decks rely on Interrupts to help them out these days that Sense is simply too good to pass up. I realize that everyone packs SAC protection now but I still think SAC is still good. It literaly wins games. 

Use You Are Beaten and Snoova’s Ax to exclude key characters from battle (seperating mains combos can really hurt). I Have You Now is great against Luke. An extra 2 battle destinies. It can also work against other Rebels too, like Han, and Lando, and Leia. As for the air? The best way to get Thrawn out is Imp Command. Him on the Chimaera with all the BH ships can hold a system without much trouble. Unless ofcourse you’re playing against a big blue deck. In which case, you should wait until he spreads out and then smack down your ships and knock out a system or two. Eventually though you will be beaten down. Imp Command is good in battles, but it’s not essential. If you don’t have it when a LS ship shows up don’t think it’s the end of the world. The air is more solid then it looks, trust me. If your opponent is avoiding you on the ground, sit and hit with Visage. Drain at the Battle Plains at the naboo db as well as any other sites your opponent has supplied for you. Now onto the matchups

WYS This can become a heated match. Get Vader out asap to the cantina and start draining there. Turn by turn, back him up with your other characters and hit with Visage. Sense Cantina Brawl if he plays it, this card can be a real pain. The battle destiny modifier won’t help much with Guri. Again, you’ll have to attack him on two fronts. One at the cantina, and the nearest exterior site (you need to use Bliz 4). Use I Have You Now against Luke to knock him out as fast as possible and keep your objective flipped. If HOTJ is on thet able No Escape is your savior. If Talon Karrde and a handful of other smugglers are at a site and you’ve got weapons, fire 4-LOM’s gun first to cancel Karrde’s text. This way the smugglers don’t get the defense value +2 thus making them a helluva lot easier to hit with weapons (specially in combination with the fish). Play smart, and you should win.

EBO You have to get Imperial Decree out as fast as possible. Smack down your characters and spread to north ridge and the other nearest marker to cancel his drain bonuses. Bliz 4 should help out too. Beware of mains beatdowns, and Sense A Jedi’s Resilience. This card can give you a real headache if your opponent is playing duplicates and don’t forget about Sidious. He can also help out too making sure them Jedi don’t keep showing up with their glowsticks. Anyway, sit and hit with Visage and once you think you’ve killed off most of his ground protection, head further into Hoth and start draining at any interior sites he may have deployed. If he has the docking bay you may also want to move some of your men back to Naboo to drain at the battle plains. That’s pretty much how the game’ll play out. Little bit of a toughy but it aint impossible.

Profit Sidious will help out greatly here. Start with Snoova and Xizor in the AC. First turn, pull his Ax and try to get Vader down there as well. You won’t be able to play Lord cause you won’t have enough Force. If you have the EPP or the premiere one you can smack one of them down. If ya dont, then that’s ok there will always be a second turn. Anyway, continue to build up at the AC to establish a reasonable little taskforce there to start hunting down his mains once he tries to spread out and deal direct damage with his objective. Kill Han off fast. An even better thing to do would be to capture him with Iggy so that your opponent can’t retrieve him. Use Snoova and  You’re Beaten to exclude characters and Wep Lev to steal non-perm weapons. I Have You Now should be able to help out a little too. Sense any interrupts that are key to his strategy and basically beat him down with your characters. Use Sidious to place Jedi out of play so you have less to deal with and sit and hit with Visage.

LS Combat This can get ugly. Use your Dark Jedi but only for hit-and-run like tactics. Your other characters (like droids and BHs) should be able to deal with the Jedi. Use 4-LOM to cancel game text and their immunity and then use the clawfish to help your weapon destinies so it’s easier to hit Jedi. If you can capture one with Iggy that would be terrific. Place them out of play with Sidious as they go down and use No Escape to deal with Honor. I Have You Now can help out tonnes if your opponent plays Luke. Use Bad Feeling Have I to stall your opponent’s reinforcements and, if ya really want to, you could combat but you MUST track. If he tries to play any sneaky interrupts on ya use Sense to deal with’em. Sit and hit with Visage and just provide a continous onslaught for him to keep him busy. The trick is to keep Jedi on Naboo so that his objective doesn’t flip. He can’t battle where he has a Jedi which can give you some time to recuperate or replenish your forces. You have enough Vaders and Mauls in here to keep the objective on the 0 side for awhile so deal with him using your other characters. Don’t forget about the Vader/Fett combo. Throw Iggy into the mix and you’re drawing 4 battle destinies. Play smart, and you should pull out a win.

Anyway, that’s pretty much it for the strat. Thanks for all your reviews everyone.  '