---
author: matt "Tasa" wehner
title: 'Your  Mom and This Deck'
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-03-13
description: 'Riddle me thisWhat steals, blows (things up), grabs, and beats you?'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting: 9
Set Your Course For Alderaan

Death Star
Death Star: Docking Bay
Alderaan

Prepared Defenses

A Million Voices Cry Out
Oppressive Enforcement
You CannotHide Forever/Mobilzation Points

Fear Is My Alley


Locations: 5
Death Star: War Room
Death Star: Dentention Block Corridor
Naboo
Kiffex
Rendelli

EPP Vader
Enhanced Maul
Iggy w/Gun
Dengar w/Gun
Jodo Cast x2
Boba Fett, Bounty Hunter x3
Admiral Chiraneau
Death Star Gunner x3

Ships: 7
Accuser
Chimaera
Avenger
Devastor
Tyrant
Vengeance
Flagship Executor

Interrupts: 17
Twi’Lek x2
Hidden Weapons x4
Put All Sections On Alert x2
The circle Is Now Complete
The Empire’s Back
In Range x4
I Can’t Shake Him!
Flawless Marksmenship
Our First Catch of the Day

Effects: 3
Blast Door Controls
Drop!
Laterial Damage

Devices: 5
Mandalorian Armor
Superlaser
Tractor Beam x3

Epic Event:
CPI

Shields:
Allegations of Corruption
There Is No Try
You’ve Never Won A Race
FanFare
Come Here You Big Coward
Secret Plans
You Cannot Hide Forever
Resistance
Weapon of a Sith
Battle Order



Strategy: 

Aight

This deck has four major annoying factors that make it win:  1)it captures characters 2)it captures starships 3)it drains well 4)it retrieves easily.

It’s very easy to flip and activate quite a lot right off.  The only thing that slows it down a little is Watch Your Step, but, that’s expected as two of your "main" sites are non-battlegrounds.

Okay, I’ll strat how to play the deck to get it going, then I’ll define each card for ya.  

Basically, first action go get Rendilli as long as they haven’t canceled your effect.  Activate.  Go through and get (depending on your starting hand) a Gunner or a site.  If you get one or the other in your starting hand, get whatever you DIDN’T get.  

You’re really golden if you get the SuperLaser in your starting hand, as you need this to take advantage of two of the main strategies.

Get flipped as fast as you can, then send your Gunners to the Used Pile right off as the flipside of the Obj doesn’t protect them at all.

Remember, with three Gunners down and three sites (as long as LS isn’t at any of them), you just have to draw a 0 to blow up Alderaan.  If LS goes to the Death Star at all, it’s great, cause now they’re in your territory.

Okay, I’ll run through it card by card now, you should have the "just" of it by now.


Starting:
The effects are a given.  Million Voices Cry lets you grab your CPI from deck or Lost Pile (this is a neat trick to do before deploying a ship, take CPI into hand from Lost Pile so you can retrieve something instead of just getting that back), it also gives you the insane retrieval.

Oppressive Enforcement lets all your Interrupts recycle and makes all your ships’ destiny numbers work for Hidden Weapons.

YCHF/Mob Points lets you grab Rendilli, force generation being a big help here.

Locations:
All the Death Star sites are there for activation and to add to CPI (the bonus of Dentention Block Corridor being a prison in case of Hidden Weapons accuring on Death Star).

Naboo and Kiffex are your big drain sites, which can be pulled out as soon as you flip.  Also, Rendilli is activation + a good drain site (becomes a drain of 3).

Characters:
Only one enhanced card for Vader and Maul?!?!?!  I know, it sounds weird, but, you keep these guys alive SOOOO easily.  I mean, each turn you get to retrieve force, and, usually Boba Fett + a bounty hunter or Vader do so much damage you don’t really need the enhanced Maul.  
Iggy is there because you can track high destiny easy, and he captures (removes from battle) characters.  Dengar can fire twice, and with decent destinys he can kill Han, Chewie (usually), and Leia without too much trouble.

Jodo can use Hidden Weapons, plus him and Fett are a power 10, character removing, and 3 destiny drawing machine.

Chiraneau’s good, but, this deck wins without him.  He just speeds it up usually.  And his destiny works for Hidden Weapons (if you hadn’t noticed, I’ll point it out now, there are only 3 destinys of 1 in this deck, everything else is mostly 2s and 3s, with a few 5s and 6s.  6s work with Hidden Weapons just as good though...).

The three Gunners are just enough to do the job, and you can send them back to your reserve deck after you flip, where they become useless destinys that work for Hidden Weapons or if you need a few cards to throw away to a drain or something.

Ships:
Ships were picked mostly based on forfeit, power, and deploy.  Oppressive Enforcement makes them work well in the deck, but it’s the retrieval/force draining that these beasts due that is awesome.  I’ve never played a game where only ONE Star Destroyer couldn’t hold a site with a Tractor Beam, just make sure you have an In Range in hand, that card is just awesome in space.

Interrupts:
Twi’Leks pull Drop and Laterial Damage, two huge cards.  And, Boba + bounty hunter/Vader do so much damage you REALLY don’t want them to get Barrier’d, so, grab Blast Door Controls before you beat down.  

Hidden Weapons lets you beat you change a stronghold of a location into nothing but a character or two (nothing like battling Han and Chewie and all of a sudden Han has to fight by himself), or it also lets you remove that one really annoying/powerful character.

Put All Sections on Alert is good cause it protects the Death Star in multiple ways from beatup, and is a destiny 6 (Hidden Weapons).

The Circle Is Now Complete is in here just because no one sees it coming usually, and it’s another good way (like Hiddean Weapons) to remove a character from the table.  And it’s destiny is perfect as well.

The Empire’s Back is great to pull out that one Vader, or if he gets too far down to retrieve him as well.  Also, it’s a destiny 3.

In Range, in this deck, is broken.  I’ve yet to lose in a battle against a single ship, even Han, Chewie, and Falcon.  This card, once the oppenent sees it coming, makes them have to have TWO ships in order to beat you off a system.  This means, that your one Star Destroyer can hold a system for a very, very long time (and remember Star Destroyers have an amzing forfeit/power ratio, leaving them good to sit alone even against beat up).

I Can’t Shake Him is there in case you’re having problems getting out the tractor beams for some reason, and Flawless Marksmenship gaurentees a hit when you need it.  So does Our First Catch Of The Day (destiny 6).

Effects:
Drop is huge, as it lets your victory get higher and higher late game, lets you return enough cards so your hand isn’t too high, and lets you track.

Laterial Damage (even with all the counters) is awesome if not prepared.  What’s worse, a deck that captures ships or a deck that can beat the crap out of a lone power 0 ship if you don’t see it coming?:)

Blast Door Controls saves you a big headache when dealing with Barriers, especially when the key to this deck is battling.

Devices:
Mandalorian Armor isn’t necessary, but, I’m a worrying person and if I can’t find a character who can use Hidden Weapons, it’s always nice to have a backup plan.

Tractor Beams.  Okay, you may be thinking, "wtf??", but trust me, these are HUGE when mixed with In Range.  They made a high destiny card that works with capturing in space and is the right destiny for capturing on ground (it doesn’t capture, but removes them from battle nonetheless).  It’s a really cool and in todays’ game a really annoying card, as you’ll find out if you make the deck and play it.

Superlaser is key.  I thought once about putting in a second, but, what are you gonna do with the second when the first is down?  Just throw it away?  Naah.  That’s no good..

CPI.  BLow up Alderaan and drain + retrieve a lot.  Need you do more?:)


Basically, that’s it.  Just remember, you can always deploy a starship to the Death Star system at -2 (to get around Aim High) and move it out to another system later.

Also, Boba Fett is king.  Him and the bounty hunters are pilots too, which means they text works just as well at defending in space.

This deck has never lost yet.  It’s won three or four tournies for me, and all of its wins have been 40+, except for one, which was only by 18.  But 18 was it’s lowest victory.  Seriously, this was one of my best kept secrets and if you make it and learn it’s tech, you’ll win some tournaments no problem.

I went into such card detail I won’t bother with MatchUps.

The only one to really look out for is LSC.  It’s a tricky game to play, just use your cards as wise as you can but if you play fast you’ll out drain them in space no challenge.

