---
layout: post
author: David "Mandalor2000" Sidhu
title: 'I Wonder What That Razor Sharp Tongue Is Used For ;)'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-02-08
description: ! 'a deck using Miyoom Onith.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Combat Readiness
audience Chamber
Desert
Spaceport Street


Locations9
Coruscant 
Coruscant Imperial City  x2
Kiffex
Jabba’s Palace Entrance Cavern 
Tatooine 
Tatooine Cantina 
Tatooine Jundland Wastes 
Tatooine Lars’ Moisture Farm 

Characters (20)
Boba Fett With Blaster Rifle 
Boba Fett 
Bossk With Mortar Gun Foil 
Darth Maul  x2
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith  x2
Dengar With Blaster Carbine Foil 
Emperor Palpatine  x2
General Tagge  x2
Dr. evanzan & Ponda Boba
IG-88 
Kitik Keed’kak 
M’iiyoom Onith  x3
Zuckuss 
Guri

Vehicles (2)
Blizzard 2 
Tempest 1 
Blizzard 4

Starships (8)
Avenger 
Chimaera 
Conquest 
Devastator 
Executor 
Tyrant 
Death Star Assult Squadron
Dominator

Interrupts (9)
Monnok  x5
The Empire’s Back  x2
Alter x2

Effects (7)
Search And Destroy 
Tatooine Occupation  x2
There’ll Be Hell To Pay  x2
This Is Just Wrong  x2
'

Strategy: '

Alrite now before you completely rule out any chance of this winning take the time to read this, it works.

Ok first turn you deploy Miyoom from your reserve deck(audience chamber’s abilaty)and as soon as you can start looking through their hand and getting rid of all the males.  This may take one or two turns before you have enough force, but starting activating five gets you close to enough.  Two possible ways for them to stop this is to pick up alot of cards you that you dont have enough force in your force pile.  To counter this use one of the 5 monnoks.  Or they could use shocking information, for this use "they’ll be hell to pay".  Since you are only geting rid of the male characters there are two "this is just wrongs" in the deck.

So right off the bat you starting screwing with their hand.  This deck has alot of characters, some for beatdown, some to control Tattoine.  use the non-dark jedis to control tattoine and use the dark jedis for beatdown.  Since they will have trouble getting any deployment going beatdown shouldn’t be too hard.

Once you control tatooine and the system get down the occupation and make them lose force form that too.  This deck’s starfleet is not that amazing, but it should be enough to hold one or two sytems.  If you feel like controlling two, use Kiffex and of course tatooine.

Once thats done use the two empires back to get tagge to the imperial city on couruscant (there are two imperial citys and two empires backs and two tagges so you will most probably get them).  Now you get an extra battle destiny in all battles.

Well thats my deck.  It makes sure taht they cant deploy males, drains and occupies and gets an extra battle destiny in all battles.  I hope you like.  Thanks for reading '