---
layout: post
author: ! David "Mandalor2000" Sidhu
title: ! 'Empire in the Clouds v.III'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-02-21
description: ! 'Thanks to Armaedes for the good ideas, i think this version is better.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting 8 
TDIGWATT/PIDAIAF 
Prepped Defences 
I’m sorry 
You cannot hide forever/Mob Points
Fear is My Ally 
(Pick Ten Shields, whatever gets your mojo going) 
Secret Plans/IAO 
Crush the Rebellion
Cloud City Port Town District 

Sites 7 
Bespin 
Bespin Cloud City 
Cloud City Downtown Plaza 
Cloud City Carbon Freezing Chamber
Cloud City Landing Platform
Cloud City Upper Plaza Corridor 
Kiffex 

Characters (15) 
4-LOM With Concussion Rifle 
Boba Fett with toy
Commander Igar 
Darth Maul 
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith 
Grand Moff Tarkin 
IG-88 With Riot Gun 
Jodo Kast 
Captain Bewil 
Lobot 
M’iiyoom Onith 
Mara Jade, The Emperor’s Hand 
Mosep 
snoova 
P-60 
Mighty Jabba

Vehicles (3) 
Blizzard 2 
Tempest 1 
Blizzard 4 

Starships (13) 
Bossk In Hounds Tooth 
Chimaera 
Dengar In Punishing One 
Devastator 
Executor 
Obsidian 7 
Obsidian 8 
OS-72-1 In Obsidian 1 
OS-72-2 In Obsidian 2 
Thunderflare 
Tyrant 

Interrupts (5) 
trample 
Rite of Passage 
Omni box combo
The signal x2

Effects (8) 
Cloud City Occupation x2 
Dark Deal 
Expand The Empire 
Presence Of The Force x2 
They Must Never Again Leave This City 
Security Precautions 


Weapons (2) 
Mara Jade’s Lightsaber 
Vader’s Lightsaber 

'

Strategy: '

SO SORRY FOR THE DOUBLE POST, MY COMPS FAULT. ONLY RATE THIS ONE PLEASE.  DONT TAKE OFF POINTS, SORRY ABOUT THAT
Alrighty, there are some major changes.
Biggest change, Capturing was taken out, so many people said it was useless so its gone.

Alright lets talk about the starting cards, port town district is starting because the aliens deploy minus one there and power plus one and force drain plus one.  So this gets you going early.  The rest is pretty straight forward.

Turn 1
Pull the Executor with Mob Points.  Pull Bespin.  The two twil leks are there to make sure you get out They Must never again leave this city.  So you get Executor down for free first turn hopefully.
Pull the landing place, carbon freezing crib and upper plaza walkway. deploy them for some massive activation next turn.  

Turn 2
Deploy some peeps down, start with the port town district because the aliens are deploy -1.  You wanna make sure you get the OS 72 brothers to cloud city.  Or if not dengar and bossk can handle it.  As bossk would say ”greenug zeeg guk ruk” Pull The occupation and as soon as you can get it down for some direct damage.

The rest
the rest is pretty simple, pull CC and DD and get ’em down.  Drain on CC.  Pretty simple right?  theres more strategy to come dont worry.

---along the way

You wanna expand the port town district’s game text so your aliens can deploy -1 and are power plus one all over the floating city.

Also get down presences, so even if they cancel your drain bonuses they add one to your drains a piece.

Twi Leks help you get all these out

Dont get @#$%y and try and control all five sites, three will do plenty, if there is an opportunity for another and maybe a fifth by all means take it.  But what I am saying is make sure not to spread yourself to thin.

---things I wanna point out within the deck.

Mighty Jabba, 4 Lom w/ toy, Boba w/toy combo
Its not exactly the super falcon but these three combine for power nine, one gunshot, a game text canceled and three destinys.

Captain bewil and Rite of Passage
He can pull it, once you have it in your hand use to to move that weak character to an ambush, make em lose him or lose two force.  and once you use it, its come rite back with his game text.  It has a decent destiny too.  Oh yeah bewil is pretty good too, he pulls that and has forfiet six with IAO.

Destinys
For once this deck has pretty decent destinys, finally, it tool two years but oh well.

Kiffex
The big  starfleet is meant to keep bespin, but if you find that you don need all of thsoe ships there get them to kiffex to drain there.

2 occupations
Dont know if I even need to bring this up but to let someone know (if they are wondering) why there are two occupations its just because its way to easy to cancel.

Dark Deal
I know dark deal cannot be the center of this deck anymore because of Menace fades, but CC OCCS, combined with the presences will make a pretty large force loss for the opponent.  Plus dark deal gives you the power bonus of four so its all good.

---versus the major deck types

HB
security precautions destroys this, you can pull it as soon as you realize they are using HB with YCHF

versus combat
With all of the force they give you, getting dark deal going quickly wont be too hard, so if they dont come after you, you will drain them like crazy, and if they do they will leave naboo uinprotected so go after it.  Make sure you have CC heavily fortified though.

MWYHL
They will have a hard time retrieving from secret plans, but they do cancel your bonuses with jedi Test 1.  So make em lose force from the occupation.  Most MWYHL deck go airborne so use the excess ships to combat them in space.

QMC
This would be an interesting game.  Take it one site at a time, remember you only have to occupy a site for them to lose force from occupation.  This deck has 12 ships, more than a lot of imperial decks, and since they are all concentrated towards bespin you’ll make sure they dont get it.

versus WYS
Crush makes sure they dont draw too many battle destinys, other than that just hold onto three sites and make em lose force from occs.

---
well thats it.
Hope you liked it.
Thanks to all for your suggestions in v.II, i think this is the best yet, have a good day  
AGAIN SORRY FOR THE DOUBLE POST '