---
layout: post
author: ! Dunya "Hardpack" Ertan
title: ! "isb deck"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-01-10
description: ! 'this is a copy deck from decipher from a person called  admiralharkov.. i found this deck realy good.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting (7) 
ISB Operations/The Empire&#8217;s Sinister Agents 
Fear Is My Ally 
Prepared Defenses 
Imperial Decree 
Mobilization Points 
Begin Landing Your Troops 
Coruscant 

Locations (4) 
Hoth 
Hoth Defensive Perimeter 
Hoth Echo Docking Bay 
Carida 

Characters (18) 
Darth Vader 
Darth Vader, Dark Lord Of The Sith 
Darth Maul With Double-Bladed Lightsaber 
Darth Sidious 
Mara Jade, The Emperor&#8217;s Hand 
Sergeant Tarl 
Snowtrooper Officer x3 
Lieutenant Renz 
Corporal Oberk 
Admiral Ozzel 
J&#8217;Quille 
Commander Merrejk 
Stormtrooper Cadet x2 
2X-7KPR x2 

Starships (4) 
Devestator 
Bossk In Bus 
Zuck In Truck x2 

Weapons (2) 
Vader&#8217;s Lightsaber 
Mara Jade&#8217;s Lightsaber 

Interrupts (18) 
Dark Jedi Presence x3 
Trooper Assault x3 
Elis Helrot x2 
Nemodian Advisor x2 
Twi&#8217;lek Advisor 
Stunning Leader 
Sense x2 
Ghhhk/Those Rebels Won&#8217;t Escape Us 
Sense/Uncertain Is The Future 
Alter 
Control/Set For Stun 

Effects (7) 
Battle Order/First Strike 
Sunsdown x3 
Lateral Damage 
Strategic Reserves 
Reactor Terminal 

Shields 
Oppressive Enforcement 
Come Back Here You Big Coward 
Grabber 
Secret Plans 
Resistance 
Anti-Podrace 
A Useless Gesture 
Wipe Them Out, All Of Them 
Battle Order 



'

Strategy: '

This is copyed deck from decipher design boards. The credit on this deck goes to admiral harkov. Its a great little deck and i feel it needs some recogniztion. 


Beginning 
Pull Carida first thing to avoid tounge-pulling shield. Activate and slap down the Hoth DB. Deploy any locations and play any advisors to pull what you need. If they are going for very early drains you can slow them down with Battle Order shield, else wait to pull the combo card. Draw alot of cards, save 1 for the grabber if you don’t think you will need 3 other shields. 

Middle 
Keep drawing cards. Depending on what your opponent does, you can either sit on a Hoth site and drain or keep your army in your hand. It really doesn’t matter too much since you can slap down 90% of your forces in one turn. If they offer an opportunity for a beatdown, take it, but only if you think you can deal significant damage or at least totally clear the site; if not, draw more cards until you have enough troopers in hand and then attack. 

End 
Well, if you haven’t surprised your opponent with the fastest beatdown they’ve ever seen yet, you can always go for drains on Hoth. Flip the objective (the easiest way is to put an agent on both Hoth sites) and drain. Control 2 Hoth locations and their bonuses are canceled. Alternatively, you can sit somewhere on their planet to make all their drains -1. Harrass them in space with Zuckuss + Lateral Damage. You should win. 


Here’s a rather humorous example of a gameplay situation that is kinda close to what actually happens 

The snowtroopers are isb agents (spies deploy free to nighttime conditions). The Stormtrooper cadets deploy free wherever you have a leader or trooper, which is always, plus they add one to power of a garrison or snowtrooper. 
The troopers, lieutenant renz, and mara jade are all power 12 deploy for free in ideal conditions. That’s right, Mara Jade for free 
J’Quille is a spy; he excludes chewie. 
’Gameplay example’ 

Opponent deploys to the Cantina QuiGon with saber, EPP Han, EPP Leia, Mad Chewie, and pays for chewie’s upkeep for a ridiculous 23 force (how he does this I don’t know lets pretend he can). 

I decide I want to attack him. 
6 force for DVDLOTS, 2 for 2X7KPR, deploy sunsdown to Tatooine (lets say they are playing WYS and ’forgot’ that leia etc are deploy +8) 
Now deploy Mara Jade, J’Quille, 2 snowtrooper officers, Lieutenant Renz, Corporal Oberk, Stormtrooper Cadet x2, Sergeant Tarl, and Admiral Ozzel all FOR FREE 
Battle for 1, play trooper assault, use 1 for presence. 

Your base power (for a total 10 force) is 120 () 

If they have high attrition because of destiny adders forfiet the cadet, end of game (unless they have houjix in hand, for which I play first strike hoping to catch them with no force). 
That’s assuming you didn’t sense all his cards and he actually saved the force to play them for First Strike. If they didn’t, more for me 


The SAC is to make sure my power cards get through and that they don’t do anything fishy. To use a cliche ”SAC is ALWAYS back” 

Elis Helrot is tech. The LS usually does not play Insurrection. Being able to deploy for free on one planet and move to another instantly is game-winning. 

I don’t rely on Strategic Reserves but since I’m using 5 non-unique imperials anyway I figured canceling 2 or 3 drains per game justifies the card slot. It is good if I pull it early game to deal with any quick-draining opponent who wants to make me hurt while I draw my monster hand. 

Darth Vader is in for sentimental reasons. If I was rich I would probably use DVDLOTS x2 (not lord vader because his higher deploy is not in the spirit of this deck). 

The Devestator is in because it is the best ship. I don’t play Thrawn and I don’t have room for Imperial Command, and when I attack it is usually with Zuckuss so immunity is pretty worthless to me. 

Reactor Terminal helps with differential, helps me track in rare cases when I do, but mostly helps me put cards back when my hand gets too big, since that is my style. 


Matchups 

VS QMC You can’t use the droid on CC cuz it isn’t a planet site but the basic strategy of surprise ligntning beatdown is the same. Power 8 characters for free are still formidible. Either attack suddenly or drain a few turns on Hoth and move in via Elis Helrot. Sense any pathetic attempt to escape like Path or Dash. Remember that Stunning Leader is potentially lethal. 

VS RST Assault them in the bunker. Stunning Leader works, they give you the system, the droid works. If they are really quick or you don’t draw the right cards you could always deploy a character to the bunker and play Ghhhk to delay them one turn. Stay focused and you should win. 

VS Profit I consider this deck completely weaker to RST. Hopefully they will provide you with the Tatooine system. If not, Elis in, they rarely play Insurrection. If they do you will have to move in during the move phase. Take over their best site, make their drains -1. Remember to play CBHYBC/Secret Plans shields. Should win. 

VS Combat They will probably go for early drains with a jedi or two. It might be tempting to attack, but take damage and wait until you have all the tools you need to make an effective attack. It may be best to save force to attack with TWO dark jedi at once. Again, Elis is your best card. Beat them down at one site, make their drains -1, you should win. If all else fails try to outdrain them on Hoth. Imperial Decree cancels their bonuses. 

VS the new Naboo Throne Room Objective They give you the system, kill them at the throne room. Simple. 

VS WYS With RST this is in my opinion the strongest LS objective. Chewie Enraged + EPP Han + Life Debt is a devestating combo that must be watched for at all times. Try to sense or alter anything you can before they flip. Immediately deploy the anti-wys shield. Choking Chewie with DVDLOTS is one way to deal with the combo. In space, beatdown with Zuckuss + another ship + lateral damage + ozzel if possible. Run away if necessary. Cancel Kessel’s bonus with Decree. Keep Ghhhk/TRWEU in hand to cancel a react. Try to get both stormtrooper cadets in hand to deal with attrition. Above all beat them down in the Cantina if possible Your greatest asset vs WYS is surprise. Luckily they supply you with Tatooine system for Sunsdown. Considering that they probably think you are some weird ISB space/walker garrison with AT-ATs, a WYS player will probably feel too snug in the Cantina, setting you up for the quick win. 

VS EBO Space Okay now this could be weird. If they are playing EBO space try to cancel drains with Reserves and make sure to kill their bonuses with Decree. You will either have to drain at the North Ridge and shielded Defensive Perimeter or boldly attempt to march into Echo Base to cancel EBO (which I actually did once). It won’t be pretty. If they play spy Han and/or Boushh you might lose. (No one around here plays them so I have no spy defense. Lt. Pol Tredium is a good option as he is an ISB agent. Double Agent or Sniper/DS are other options). In any case you will have to outdrain him and hope for a zuckuss/lateral damage beatdown. 

VS EBO Hidden Mains Well this would be really difficult especially if they happen to play undercover spies as mentioned above. Hopefully my opponent won’t realize what he is up against and will blunder. In any case you have a fair chance to win, based on the surprise value of this deck. 


Weaknesses 
Grimtaash roasts this deck. I play the ’oldschool’ style of drawing many, many cards (that is why I play Traffic Control). Fortunately there is no lightside Crush The Rebellion Evader/Monnock nonsense. 

As stated above, LS space/spies could neutralize the advantages of this deck (ground beatdown). But hey no one I know plays that. 


Oh yeah the other big advantage of this deck is SURPRISE Who expects sunsdown/superspy commando troopers, ever? The answer is only people who play me. 

Thanks for the review. Please no single-card suggestion reviews, though. There are alot of cards I am considering I simply don’t have room for, so I have probably thought of it. 
My Aim sn is ”Harkov Adm” if anyone wants to play either of my decks -) 
Again thanks, 
Admiral Harkov
'