---
layout: post
author: Ryan "frenchie6901" French
title: 'Hidden Base The Age of Aquaris'
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-01-25
description: ! 'A flipping HB space deck featuring Red Squadron ships, pilots, and Xwing Cannons.  Great drain potential, plus a Kessel Run just for fun...'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(8)
An Unusual Amount Of Fear
-Shields
-definitely don’t do that again
-definitely battle plan
-both SAC shields
-sabacc shield
-grabber
-close race shield
-whatever else you need for your meta
Hidden Base/Slippery Systems
Rendezvous Point
(Hidden Base Indicator)
Heading For the med frigate
Superficial Damage
Menace Fades
Squadron Assignments

Locations(7)
Coruscant
Aquaris
Ord Mantell
Roche
Kessel
Big One
Big One Asteroid Cave

Characters(15)
Qui-Gon With Lightsaber
Obi-Wan With Lightsaber
Han With Blaster
Leia With Blaster
Chewie Enraged
Lando Calrissian, Scoundrel
Dash Rendar
Leebo
Theron Nett
Admiral Ackbar
Wedge Antilles, RSL
Hobbie Klivian
Luke Skywalker (premiere)
Kin Kian
Corran Horn

Ships(9)
Han, Chewie & The Falcon
Outrider
Home One
Red Squad 1
Red Squad 4
R2-D2 in Red 5
Red 6
Red 10
Gray Squadron 1

Weapons(4)
X-Wing Laser Cannons x4

Interrupts(12)
Houjix & Out Of Nowhere
A Jedi’s Resilience x2
Rebel Artillery
Life Debt
The Signal
Rapid Fire
Direct Assault
All Wings Report In & Darklighter Spin
Organized Attack x2
Power Pivot

Effects(4)
Strikeforce
Weapons Display
Legendary Starfighter
Kessel Run

AO(1)
Concentrate All Fire
'

Strategy: '

*******Update after a little more playtesting, drop an Organized Attack and Direct Assault for Rebel Barrier (which will save you a turn when they try to probe) and Desperate Reach to cancel Imperial Barrier. end update***

Simple space drain/power deck.  With 2 Cannons on Luke in Red 5, weapons display, and AO on table...13 power right there, then throw in organized attack, rebel artillery, direct assault and power pivot...you just won yourself a nice battle, caused some damage, hopefully played Legendary Starfighter.  Don’t let the opponent live long enough to probe more than a few systems, but you’ll win even without the objective.  always deploy Kessel last.  Kessel Run from Aquaris or even Coruscant if your opponent is out of space, make it early if you’ve got Leebo out, otherwise wait until you really need it.  wait until you need the drain cancelers to flip, and when objective’s flipped, don’t forget to make the opponent use Force to draw...

shields i usually play the grabber at the start of the game, Battle Plan once i get somebody in the Cave, then if i see there’s a good chance i’ll knock out a starship i’ll go with don’t do that again to pull Legendary Starfighter.  that’s the best use of ’em, of course it all depends on what you play against.

don’t underestimate the weapon engine Rapid Fire to deploy them during a battle, then forfeit them to Used with SuperDamage, lose them to Force drains or any other damage, then redeploy them from Lost Pile with Weapons Display (which is why The Signal makes an appearance).  And those cannons rock anyway, especially on Hobbie.  Favorite strategy get two on one Xwing to get the power bonus, then forfeit one and you’ve still got one to shoot in the next battle.

make sure you control the asteroid cave with your two EPP Jedi’s, Houjix and Jedi’s Resilience.  don’t worry if they’re playing LSC, that drain of 1 isn’t much anyway...but you have to control that site.  use Han, Leia, Chewie, and Lando to go after LSC usually.  anyway, make sure you control a bg site because Menace Fades and Battle Plan are integral parts of this deck...it really hurts to pay 9 force just to get one uncanceled drain across.  conversely, with the proper setup, you’ll drain 3 at kessel, 3 at coruscant, 2 at ord mantell with Red 10 and 2 wherever you put Gray Squad 1....total of 10, plus legendary starfighter and Leebo for 13 optimum total.
'