---
author: Kyle "Meto" Krueger
title: 'Furry Fury'
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-02-23
description: 'Ewoks.  Drain, retrieve, battle, etc.'
rating: 3.5
---
Cards: 

Starting(11+10 shields)
AUAoF
10 shields to fit local meta
TIGiH/ICSH
Chief Chirpa’s Hut
LS, JK
Luke’s Stick
Endor: Landing Platform
I Feel the Conflict
HFTMF
Strike Planning
Ewok Celebration
Chasm

Locations(3)
Endor: BD
       HFT
       RLS

Characters(31)
Ewok Sentry x10
Kazak x2
Graak x2
Romba
Wuta
Wicket
Teebo
Logray
General Crix Madine
Major Panno
Corporal Kensaric
Ithorian x3
Daughter of Skywalker
Threepio (Endor)
Qui-Gon w/Stick
Obi-wan w/Stick
Lando, Scoundrel

Ships(2)
Super Falcon
Spiral

Vehicles(20)
Racing Skiff x2

Effects(1)
Bargaining Table

Interrupts(10)
Tunnel Vision x3
A Jedi’s Resilience x3
Nar Shaddaa Wind Chimes x2
Life Debt
Noble Sacrafice 

Strategy: 

I am looking forward to getting worthwhile reviews from people that have read the strategy.  If you have read this far, then that is a good sign.

I will start this off with the not so obvious card choices.

Chasm
-Most dark side decks are playing with multiple copies of mains.  This can kill them, or their immunity if they lose 2 force, when a multiple is drawn for destiny.  The copy drawn is also a 0 and placed in the lost pile.  For multiple copies of other unique cards on table, they are destiny is lost and equals 0.  Usually happens at least once every game.

Ewok Sentry x10
-How can you complain about a character that deploys for 1 and has a potential for 4 power and 10 forfeit?  What if they react for free and have a destiny 3?

Logray
-Adds 1 to total battle destiny where you have an ewok.  Helps out with my low destiny ”problem.”

Teebo
-He adds 1 to forfeit of your ewoks, 2 when with Logray.

Major Panno
-He boosts your already high activation even higher.

Corporal Kensaric
-Your opponent plans a beatdown at Graak’s site.  They start deploying, you tell him to back up because is not paying extra.  He has to rethink his entire attack, and now it probably won’t work.

Threepio
-Forfeits to used pile for 8.  I like it.  He also adds 1 to attrition for opponent for every ewok I have at his site.

Super Falcon, Spiral, Life Debt
-The most efficient way to get a system.  I usually wait until I have both ships.  Sometimes it is best to wait untill they think you don’t have space.  He  loses spare ships form hand and you cram his mistake down his throat.

Racing Skiff
-Props to Michael Fortman, who gave me this idea.  You put DoS, Threepio, and a unique ewok on board.  You put it at the middle site.  You pile all of your sentries with it.  The two sites next to it have an ithorian ithorian and a sentry.  They know something is up, but they can’t resist the beatdown.  They attack the ithorian.  You spend the 1 force you saved to react the skiff to this site, then all of your sentries get to follow it for free.  You went from 1 power to 26 (assuming 4 sentries).

Tunnel Vision x3
-Standard for all of my decks.  It really helps get the cards you need when you need them, without getting a huge hand.

Noble Sacrifice
-Heh.  If your opponent is unlucky enough to play a character with 4 power, you can place a non-unique ewok sentry for up to 10 force retrieval.  Your opponent will not be happy.

Now match-ups.

HDADTJ
Let him have Luke, be careful with Obi, make sure that you have a resilience when you deploy him.  You could also try to track 2 6’s and hope he duels you.  You should be able to outdrain him.  Chasm will have a huge effect on this game.  Be very glad that almost no one plays with Tat. Maul.  Do not use Corran to cancel visage unless it will kill you, or you are satisfied that he has no copies left to draw.

BHBM
This is not a particulary hard match-up.  He will most likely come to you, and lose many battles.  You might also lose a few, but maximize your drains and remember to make him lose 1 to his objective at the end of his turns.  Save the space beatdown as long as possible.

COTVG
If you can’t outdrain him, then you are not playing right.  Well placed beatdowns on his turf are necessary.  He probably won’t fight you to much.  Be especially careful in space.

Watto
Get as much activation as you can really fast.  You are actually going to use the for remainder of game part on his objective.  Save at least 16 force on your turn.  Sometime before his deploy phase, put out the aim high sheild, then send Watto to his used pile.  When he deploys the other copy in hand, send him to used pile.  Use Graak to try and topdeck watto.  Because he will be training for almost nill, and not hitting you with direct damge, he will be forced to fight.  At this point you should be pretty well set-up on your planet.  He loses.  If he doesn’t have 3 Watto’s in his lost pile, have 8 force saved up to bounce Watto.  The first time that you bounce him should be on your turn, when he does not force saved to retrieve.  Remember that there will be no space contact (usually).  He won’t like paying for his low drains while you can easily afford to spend for your big drains.

DS Combat
Put Luke at the landing platform and drain away with your ewoks.  Be careful beating him down, wait until he spreads out to compete with your drains.  Watch out for barrier.  He will probably send someone to try to kill you furballs so be prepared.

If you have any questions that might affect my rating, D-mail me.  Also d-mail me if I missed any match-ups, or need a card choice explained. 