---
layout: post
author: ! Cody "MegaScrub" Jewell
title: ! "’Saber Combat My Way V1.00(UnRevised)"
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-05-21
description: ! 'Saber Combat that has not sucked. I like it alot, and It has beaten alot of deck types including Watto, HDADTJ, TDIGWATT, and Invasion. Check it out.'
rating: 4.0
---
Cards: 

'Starting Crap(-)

An Unusual Amount of Fear
-Don.t do That Again
-A Tragedy Has Occured
-Ultimatum
-Your Ship?
-Let.s Keep a Little Optimism here
-Battle Plan
-Only Jedi Carry That Weapon (I hate Aurra Sing)
-Another Pathetic Lifeform
-A Close race
-Aim High
We.ll Handle This/ Duel of the Fates
Naboo Theed Palace Generator
Naboo Theed Palace Generator Core
Inner Strength
Podrace Prep
Tatooine Podrace Arena
Boonta Eve Podrace
Anakin.s Podracer
Goo Nee Tay OR Honor of the Jedi OR Sai.Torr Kal Fas

Purple(3)
WHT/ DOTF
Inner Strength
Boonta Eve Podrace

Locations(3)
Naboo Theed Palace Generator
Naboo Theed Palace Generator Core
Tatooine Podrace Arena

Weapons(7)
Intruder Missile x4
Obi-Wan.s Lightsaber (P)
Qui-Gon.s Lightsaber (R3)
Luke’s Lightsaber

Starships(3)
Han, Chewie, and the Falcon x2
Artoo in Red 5 

Effects(6+Pod)
Disarmed
Weapon of a Fallen Mentor
They Win this Round
Honor of the Jedi
Sai.Torr Kal Fas
Goo Nee Tay
(Podracer=Anakin’s)

Characters(12)
Luke Skywalker, Rebel Scout
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight
Obi-Wan Kenobi (P)
Obi-Wan Kenobi, Jedi Knight
Qui-Gon Jinn (Tat)
Qui-Gon Jinn with Lightsaber
Yoda, Master of The Force
Mace Windu, Jedi Master
Lando Calrissian, Scoundrel
Corran Horn
Threepio with His Parts Showing
Artoo, Brave Little Droid

Interrupts(24)
Rebel Barrier x4
A Step Backward x2
Strike Blocked x2
A Jedi.s Resilience x2
A Jedi.s Focus x2
Losing Track x2
Jedi Escape
Out of Commission
Shocking Information/ Grimtaash
Sense
Glancing Blow
Transmission Terminated
Podrace Prep
Endor Celebration
The Force is Strong With This One
Too Close for Comfort







'

Strategy: '

Well, this deck is not revised yet, so don&#8217;t rate it too harsh. I have a few additions and subtractions to make, but I&#8217;m not 100% sure what exactly to do. Any suggestions would be good. 

	Anyway, here is how this deck came to be posted. It has done quite well, and at the last 2 tournaments that I have been to, it has lost twice. Both times, it was to Brian Hunter. Notables that I have beat with it are David Jones, and good old Chris Fanchi. I respect both players a lot, and think that I, being the lowest rated player that I PERSONALLY know at 1587, have made something special in this deck, so, here it is.

	This deck is all about big hurt applied by a combination of beefy drains and the Podrace. So the first thing that you should do is make damn sure that you pray for a 1st turn Jedi. You can always put out Obi-Wan, Yoda, or Mace. Usually, though, you can put out anyone. With Sai.Tor Kal Fas, that means that there could be a very playful Jedi running around with a glowing Stick that he would just love to stick someone with. 

	This makes them come to you. You want to be armed with one of the FOUR rebel Barriers in the deck to keep them from running you over, so just be patient, and use threepio to his full ability. Those Strike blocked help too. Sometimes they will have a hard time deciding what to grab, so make sure you flaunt some of your lesser interrupts like Out of Commission, Strike Blocked, and Losing Track (Anything to keep them from grabbing Barrier. 

	Han, Chewie, and the Falcon is some good in space, but I think I need to add more Space, although in a pinch, Corran can go to Artoo in Red 5. I think I can throw in the BoShek and Outrider, as well as Dash and Squad Assignments for extra space hurt.

	I am thinking of adding a Bacta Tank Someplace. Any Suggestions? I&#8217;d Like to lose the low destiny, but a lot of it is vital to the win. Help here would be appreciated. 

	The actual game strategy is not that hard. Basically, you try to hold the Generator sites and combat out any Dark Jedi. MAKE SURE YOU READ EVERY WORD OF THE OBJECTIVE I can&#8217;t tell how many times people have tried to drain with dark Jedi or disputed the whole &#8216;point and die&#8217; function on the upside. Resilience can come in VERY handy in a tight situation. Just make sure you hold back, and never let on what is in your hand. 

	I don&#8217;t know how anyone feels about this deck, but LS combat is Unarguably strong. Just try it out once. I think you&#8217;ll be surprised. 

	Thanks for reading- Megascrub
'