---
layout: post
author: Dunya "Hardpack" Ertan
title: 'There is a uprising in Endor sir!!!'
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-02-27
description: 'Drain and battling on endor'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Local Uprising
heaindg for the medical frigate
endor system
Farm (generic)
insurection/combo
strike planning
menace fades
Defensive shield (put 10 in)

Sites:
endor db
home db

Characters:
dash rendar
general crix madine
major pano
corporal midge
qui gon with stick x2
melas
tawss khaa
jar jar
corran horn
figrin dan
jedi luke x2
obi wan with stick
lando with gun
general lando
han with gun x2
chewie with gun
leia rebel bitc h
leia with gun
wedge
artoo combo x2

interupts:
fallen portal x3
hojix combo
out of commsion x2
artoo has bad feelings x2
rebel artillery x2
on the edge x3

effects:
lighsaber proficiency
trafic control
i hope she is allright

Ships:
out rider
home one
gold one
red squadran 1

weapons:
jedi lighsabers x2
intruder missiles x2

admirals orders:
i’ll take the leader x2


Strategy: 

This is a deck that is to battle and drain on endor or any docking bays in the game. It has suficient space presence and ground power to deal with lots of decks. The deck uses the first side of the local uprising to start and generate force and little force choke. You only give 2 force for the game. It kills oppenents force drains bonuses with menace fades and adds force drain bonuses with i’ll take the leader, midge and generic lighsabers.

Lets look at the cards choices:

Intruder missiles: Nice destiny of 7. It deploys on gold one and outrider.

rebel artilery: destiny and little for dueling.

Artoo has a very bad feeling: Look what it does. Artoo combo pulls it out and kills destinies anywhere. 

Fallen portal. Great for controling docking bays. It can kill anyone in the game if tracked correct. 

Out of commision combo: Great for killing visage and getting ready of a retieve method. Love this card.

Hojixs combo: Great for space and look at the card.

major panno: Ever read the text? Well there is force activation with this guy. Extra 4 a turn does not hurt.

I hope she is allright: Search and kill does space decks.

Leia rebel babe: love the text and the picture. 

figrin dan: retieve one a turn at the end kills opponents. Tracking is the key. 


Why no podracing and squaran assigment? Simply you have no problem with pulling characters out with the activation and getting ships and trafic control. Podracing defensive shield helps massively with on the edge.

Destinies low? Not realy. This is an expert deck. U should able to track your destinies. 

First couple of turns:
Before activate pull crix from strike planning. Activate and deploy endor docking bay. If you got any ships deploy them to sytem. 

Next turn:
Activate and deploy crix and panno and some might. After that just play what u think it will be good. Start a drain race or battle up.

Lets look at some decks:

New dueling:
This deck revolves around destinies and adding force drain bonuses. Look for a beat down at there site. Quick beatdown and draining will kill them. Endor system should be locked with home and outrider or gold one. This deck never lost to dueling deck yet.

Senate:
This is a pain in the but deck. Yup Yup and racing will do some damage. But with on the edge it will come back. Stick to your method of out drains and beefing up the endor. 

Space decks: ties or sycfa:
Set up the i hope she is alright. It will kill them. Aim high will damage them in the long run. Be very cautious in space. Keep hojics in hand just in case.

Hunt down and blow me:
I hate this deck. You should have no problem. Control endor let them come to you. Battle order, on the edge and keeping jedis on db’s will help massively. Out of commion combo can destroy them. Most likely they will race. Use the defensive shields to help

This is a very powerful deck. Built it and try it out. Love this deck methods and flexiblity. Only thing this decks needs is a squadran assignaments. I know it will help but dont need it yet. It does fine witout it.
