---
layout: post
author: ! Karl "yammosk" Walker
title: ! 'Blue D-Machine'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-03-19
description: ! 'This deck beats the opponent by limiting thier ability to disturb your strategy.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'(Starting)-9
Endor Operations
Endor
Endor bunker
Endor Landing platform
Prep. Def.
Mob points/YCHF
Conduct your search
Crush
Fear - sideboard

(Locations)-6
Endor Back Door
Endor Dark Forest
Endor Forest Clearing
Rendili
Sullust
Kessel

(Characters)-12
Grand Admiral Thrawn x2
Admiral Piett x2
Darth Maul with double-Saber x2
Lord Vader x2
Commander Merijk
4-LOM with Concussion rifle
Boba Fett, BH
Emperor Palpatine
Janus Greejatus

(Vehicles)-6
Tempest Scout 1
Tempest Scout 2
Tempest Scout 3
Tempest Scout 4
Tempest Scout 5
Tempest Scout 6

(Weapons)-2
Vader’s lightsaber x2

(Devices)-1
Fusion Generator Tanks(virtual)

(Ships)-6
Executor
Chimaera
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
IG-88 in IG-2000
Dengar in Punishing One
Bossk in Hounds Tooth

(Inturrupts)-16
Overload
Evader/Monnok x2
I’d just as soon kiss a wookie x3
Imperial Barrier x2
Sense/UITF x2
Alter/CD 
Defensive Fire/Hutt smootch x2
Nemoidian Advizor

(Effects)-4
Perimeter patrol
Ominous Rumors
Establish Secret Base
IAO/SP

(Admirals Orders)
Combat Response x2


'

Strategy: '

Setup- draw either the executor or Rendili as your first action with priority on Rendili. Then use that MP combo to draw Perimeter Patrol. Then draw out the Back Door and you should have good first turn activation.(Except that your opponent does too.)
  The object is to get control of the planet sights first. This deck makes it easy because it limits the opponent in the following way
-they can not draw more than one battle destiny
-they can not block or modify your drains
-they will have a hard time deploying to attack
-they have to wait to attack giving you time to set up
Now these may seem like only slightly good bonuses, but they allow you to set up big drains that the opponent can do nothing about. You can wear them down with constant little attacks. Use the Monnoks to keep them on their toes when it comes to their hand. Use Imperial Barrier and IJASKAW to delay key characters and make the strategy wait a turn more. And use the characters in small surgical strikes, these are expendible characters. With the bonus you have on Endor the AT-STs (pull with AO)can hold the planet, they all react and PP is going to keep away surprises. Speaking of surprises watch out for Nubrein Lieds, that is why the IAO and Senses can be useful.
 The point of the deck is you need very few recources to set up your offensive damage strikes. And you can use whats left to try and keep the opponent away from those cards. 
  Space is pretty much secure. Limiting their destiny makes power the key to the systems and that is what you have.
  Please review my deck, include some comments, and I look forward to your insight. Thanks '