---
layout: post
author: Anthony "Old-schooler" Mornout
title: 'I lose how much???'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-01-07
description: ! 'Ok so you dont cause that much damage, but I got you to read this far.  DS lightsaber combat.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting
Fear Is My Ally
Let Them Make The First Move
NabooTP Generator
Naboo TP Generator Core
Deep Hatred
Prepared Defenses
IAO/Secret Plans
You cannot hide forever/ Mob. points
Crush the rebellion

Locations 4
Kuat
Imperial holotable
Naboo TP docking bay
Executor docking bay

Characters 18
Lord Maul x2
Darth Maul w/ pimp stick
Darth Vader x2
Darth Vader w/ pimp stick
Mara Jade
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Janus Greejatus
Boba Fett, Bounty Hunter
Prince Xizor
Snoova
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba
Lieutenant Arnet
IG-88 /w riot gun
P-59
4-LOM with finger (aka concussion rifle)
Tank commander

Starships/vehicles 7
Chimaera
Boba Fett in Pimp crusier (AKA Slave I)
Zuckuss in Mist Hunter
TIE interceptor x3
AAT assault leader

Weapons 4 
Maul’s double bladed pimp Stick
Vader’s pimp stick
SFS L-s9.3 laser cannons x2

Interrupts 13
Control/ set for stun
Ghhhk/ those rebels wont escape us x2
Evader/ monnok
Blow Parried x2
Stunning Leader x2
Force Field x2
Masterful move/ endor occupation
Masterful move x2

Effects 5
Lateral Damage 
Image of the Dark Lord
The Phantom Menace
Visage of the Emperor x2

defensive shields 10
whichever you want and or have
'

Strategy: '

     Alright, alright, your probably looking at this conglomeration and just see a pile.  Well it ain’t.  You’ve got 2 Hit Jedi in there to do with as you please,  plenty of characters and starships, and MASSIVE activation.  6+ on turn one 10+ after that(provided you draw the holotable or a Masterful move).  Evader/monnok keeps your opponent from drawing more than 12. Arnet and those rebels wont escape us keeps dumb things like dodge from working right.  Just keep one thing in mind  ”Let Them Make The First Move.”
Really, it works.  If you deploy anything other than sites it should be a jedi to the generator core. Stunning leader and force field are in there because i’ve lost my jedi before they could combat in playtesting.  

Update 1  
  As for not enough High destiny you obviously didn’t see Janus,  and even though my tech rating ain’t that high I can assure you that I am competant enough to track destiny.  LESS characters?  Are you high.  The only thing I’ve learned recently about the game is that everyone gets enough destiny to clear about 2 characters per battle if anything I would add more but alas Dark Side characters are a pile of crap compared to the light.    '