---
layout: post
author: Bill "TacoBill" Kafer
title: 'LSC, TacoBill style'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-06-27
description: 'A very solid LSC deck that wins and can win really big. High destiny, big drains, what more do you want?'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (9):
Fear Is My Ally (with 10 shields)
(Shields are your prefrence)
Prepared Defenses
Blaster Rack (V)
Imperial Arrest Order & Secret Plans
YCHF & Mobilization Points
Naboo: Theed Palace Generator
Naboo: Theed Palace Generator Core
Deep Hatred
LTMTFM/ALWWHR

Characters (16):
Admiral Piett
Arica
Commander Merrejek
Darth Sidious
Dr. Evazan & Ponda Baba
Emperor Palpatine x2
Janus Greejatus
Lord Maul x3
Lord Vader x2
Nute Gunray
P-59
Rune Haako

Starships/Vehicles (3):
Blizzard 4
Boba Fett In Slave One
Executor

Weapons (4):
Mara Jades Lightsaber
Mauls Double-Bladed Lightsaber x2
Vaders Lightsaber

Effects (6):
Bad Feeling Have I
Qui-Gons End
The Phantom Menace x3
They Must Never Again Leave This City

Interrupts (18):
Blow Parried x2
Force Field
Force Lightning
Ghhhk & Those Rebels Wont Escape Us
Imperial Barrier
Imperial Command x2
Masterful Move
Masterful Move & Endor Occupation
Maul Strikes
Ommni Box & Its Worse
Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down
Stunning Leader x2
Theyre Still Coming Through
Unsalvageable
We Must Accelerate Our Plans

Locations (4):
Bespin
Blockade Flagship: Bridge
Endor
Executor: Docking Bay


Strategy: 

[EDIT #1] Respsonse to Reviews
---Fett Lord- In my area I see no LSC for LS. Everything in my area changes tournament to tournament and this has done consistantly well against everything. If I were to see any LSC then it would go back to the original idea of racing, which also had more 7s.
---CGogolen- Silly Gogolen, tricks are for kids. Oh right, I still am compared to the rest of you. We’ll see if you can beat me.
---Capt Paelleon- A Han,Chewie,Falcon beatdown is always a concern, but usually Fett ends up hanging around the Executor, which means I have Piett available to use Imperial Command.
---217- Piett suits me much better here as he is able to pull Merrejek out of the deck for me, which gets rid of mym zeros. Thrawn also deploys for too much, especially with Goo, when Piett is at most 4.
[END EDIT #1]


This deck can easily win by anywhere from 25-40 (which its done) if played correctly. I dont know how else to start off than by saying its a monster. You just out-drain and outlast your opponent. The start sets you up for  your space (pulling the Ex:DB and the Executor, as well as giving you a small activation bonus (via Mob Points). The chacter selection in this deck may be a little thin, but the Neimoidians can be pulled with Phantom Menace and are higher destiny than most other characters, with good deploy/forefit ratios. Many of the characters in here are higher destiny as well, as most are at least 2s-3s other than Vader and Maul. The ships are pretty basic. I chose Fett over the other BH ships because he has an immunity to <5, which helps him stay put. The weapons are self explanitory as well. The effects are pretty standard, I play 3 Phantom Menace because its an easily pullable 7 and has other uses, not like Mournful Roar / Intruder Missiles / Visages. The interrupts are pretty basic as well, except for a few key meta choices that will be explained later. 
	Right from the beginning this deck is fast. Start out by pulling the Executor. You should have a Dark Jedi of some kind to plop on Naboo by turn one, ideally Maul. Vader
does not go to Naboo USUALLY. Also pull the Ex:DB and drop Piett or Merrejek there if you have them. In a few turns you should have control of at least one site and system and you should have Battle Order out. Vader is used to establish a presence (along with most of your other characters) wherever it is they are playing. He can go to the Cantina, the Bunker, a CC site, or anything like that. I chose Lord Vaders over DLOTS because of the immunity to Uncontrollable Fury, which can kill you easily, expecially if Vader goes to Naboo. Arica can drain on Naboo with Maul (heh, not 2 Jedi) or go use her text to snipe.

Lets go with some card choices that may seem strange:
	--Nute Gunray and Rune Haako- The Neimoidians are good because of the higer destiny, the ability to pull them with The Phantom Menace and the deploy:forefit ratio of (3:6).
	--Only 1 Barrier?- Well everybody plays at least one canceler. The original version had 4, as Im an avid Barrier fan, but it gets canceled too much for my liking. The Stunning Leaders work just as well if not better.
	--Shut Him Up Or Shut Him Down- This card is one of the most underrated cards in my opinion. Its a used 6 that cancels Bacta Tank and How Did We Get Into This Mess, as well as (not as much) Death Star Plans.
	--Unsalvageable- This was originally a counter to Out of Commission, but with the addition of space to this deck, it now uses all of the aspects of the card.


Match-ups:
	--QMC- Woo hoo, if they play QMC that makes it easier for me. If you can set up Executor early, even better. Just drain away for 6-7 until they set up Menace Fades, then you still drain for 4 a turn. Play one of your interrupts early (not Masterful Move) and abuse it (such as Accelerate or Blow Parried) so they grab it, then cancel thier Celebration. Without the retrival of Celebration your drains will wear them out easily. Grab thier Path of Least Resistance,  then chip away at the characters with Vader, Dr E., Arica, etc.
	--RST- Always stack for the podrace (if Boomrace), because with the destiny of this deck you may even have a chance to win. Depending on the style of RST, make sure you save at least Arica and Dr. E for the Bunker, then unleash hell. RST (especially BoomRace) is a dying breed because the Coward shield prevents much of the retrival.
	--WYS- Let them set up in space while you concentrate on your Naboo drains. Once they get Menace Fades in effect, see if you cant get them away from the BG site. If Palace Raiders, make sure you hold your Ghhhk combo until you can really get them for some force. Take control of the Cantina, but watch out for the EPP Han/Angry Chewie beat down that every one of the decks has. 
	--Y4 Mains- This deck has made a resurgance in the past several weeks thanks in part to the new Enhanced Qui-Gon and the Gungan activation, as well as the push of DS Combat. When Qui-Gon comes to battle your Maul, Stunning Leader the battle (hopefully) and then stack, duel, and thats Qui-Gons End. Dont worry about the Obi thing because you can just kill him with Arica or any one of your other scrubs in a scrub beatdown. Try not to let them take over your site, because then youre finished. Make sure to cancel OOC when all possible because it could save you the game. Set up your ships at Endor where the only thing they throw at you is the Combo Falcon. Hopefully they wont draw high enough and youll outpower them. This is your toughest match-up, so play smart.


Cards that I would like to add include This Is Some Rescue! (calcels Out of Commision as well as Alteritives to Fighting), Tatooine Darth Maul (control phase dueling), a 2nd Force Field, and another Phantom Menace.


Well thats it for now. I hope I see everyone at Origins. Peace.    