---
layout: post
author: ! Greg "Gergall" Zinn
title: ! "Shes Virtually Back"
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-08-13
description: ! '"Its not over yet"  A fresh alternative for the light side that can reliably disrupt LSC, Dark Deal, Walker Garrison, Invasion, Senate, and especially Watto in a big way.  There are so many dark decks that rely on key characters- placing'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'12 Starting
An Unusual Amount of Fear(with 10 shields listed below)
Rescue the Princess/Somtimes I Amaze Even Myself
Yavin 4 War Room
Yavin 4 DB
DS Docking Bay
DS Detention Block Corridor
Prisoner 2187
Podrace Prep
Tatooine Race Arena
Boonta Eve
Anakins Racer
Echo Base Garrison

3 Locations
Jedi Council Chamber
Boss Nass Chambers
Naboo Battle Plains

11 Characters
2 Qui with saber
2 Obi with saber
2 Luke with saber
2 Lando Scoundrel
Corran Horn
2 8D8

2 Starships
Han Chewie and the Falcon
Gold Leader in Gold 1

3 Effects
Bacta Tank
Draw Their Fire
I Did It

29 Interrupts
Life Debt
4 A Jedis Rescilience
3 First Aid
3 Leias Back (v)
Sorry About the Mess/BP
2 Speak with the Jedi Council
3 Wesa Got a Grand Army
3 Too Close For Comfort
3 Sense
2 Alter lost
Bith Shuffle/DR
Inconsequential Barriers
Rebel Barrier
We Wish To Board At Once

10 Defensive Shields
A Tragedy Has Occured
Affect Mind (v)
Aim High
Battle Plan
Dont Do That Again
Ounee Ta
Planetary Defenses
Wise Advice
Yavin 4 Sentry (v)
Your Insight Serves You Well '

Strategy: '

------
Responses to Reviews

kiriel  Your thoughts echo those of some of my friends.  I may very well remove Gold Leader for a Spiral, or else a second Falcon(hopefully with a second Life Debt as well).  I admit that a dedicated racing deck could win the race against me, although the dark side podraces much less than it used to and I do pack 3 Too Close For Comfort.  If I remove the podrace cards, I will have to rethink a large portion of this deck, and would probably repost it someday in the future.  Without an I Did It/Draw Their Fire combo, I am not sure if my suicide attacks would be sufficiently devastating to win games...
By the way, Jerus is quite cool but with a low destiny(2) I would be reluctant to play several of him.  Nevertheless I will be looking for a way to squeeze him in.  Thanks

marvin Thank you for the claw fish suggestion.  I am concerned about whether that would work, however, because I have to focus on pulling Draw Their Fire already, and I can’t start it, and I can’t deploy it at all if the opponent plays it.  Despite all this it is definitely worth consideration.  I can pull Bacta tank second turn before I activate so it is a sure thing, and I have senses to protect it from alter.  Thanks for the ”move leia to war room” clarification; it has been corrected in my strategy section.

Meto I’m glad you enjoy the deck.  Podracing isn’t mandatory, but it makes sense since using The Signal for EBG is a rather weak start and like I said, I couldn’t find any other decent start.  I Did It + Draw Their Fire is still a tech combo.  Clash of Sabers is a good idea when used with I Did It(they need to save force to cancel it with Crush) and I will look into that.

CRingWell It is worth it to lose a sense and 2 force if it allows me to place vader and a scrub out of play.  You may be right about the barrier anyway, though, because my characters(except Leia) dont stay on the table and I will have trouble sensing Theyre Still Coming Through...although Blast Door Controls is easily altered.  Frozen Assests is mad tech; in fact I was thinking about deploying Beggar to the podrace arena myself.  The reason it isnt in the deck?  Because I only have one effect puller, and getting DTF out by itself is already a chore.  Ill try to add a third barrier killing card, though.

the Logician I have a potential 3rd turn flip.  Turn 1 8D8 gets to the DS DB.  Turn 2 he gets to the Detention Block and (potentially) frees leia.  Leia moves to the DS DB same turn.  Opponent drops an EPP character to kill Leia and she hits the bacta tank.  My turn 3, I deploy her to Yavin 4, move her in and flip.  3 turns isnt so bad, and I dont think it can be done any faster by any other means unless I play many vehicles.  First Aid is a destiny 4, the same as a Rebel Barrier.  Either card meets the requirement of 8D8 drawing greater than 3.  These days no deck should play more than 2 rebel barriers, but I might add Blast The Door Kid(thanks BlackViper).  Dropping one Leias back seems reasonable.  My destiny may be a little low, but it is still high enough to beat Sebulbas when I cancel all of their podracer collisions with Too Close.

Thanks to all of you for reviewing helpfully
------

No, Im not a scrub- the First Aid x3 is there for a reason

High rating or low, please suggest a way this deck might be improved.  I really appreciate it.  Thanks.

Rescue the Princess was deemed a dead decktype a long time ago...in fact, most people would agree that it has been dead since it first came out years ago.  But over time, Decipher has been releasing cards that support this deck in different ways.  With virtual set 2, the final piece of the puzzle is in place and the deck is ready to make its debut.

The basic idea is of course, to free Leia from the prison.  Once she makes it to the Yavin 4 War Room, a great many benefits await the light side player  whenever the opponent loses a character, vehicle, or starship from the table for any reason, it is placed out of play(that persona may not be deployed for the remainder of the game).  To help ensure that cards WILL be placed out of play, opponents Dark Jedi, Imperials, and Imperial starships lose all immunity to attrition, and the light side always gets a +2 attrition bonus during battle.  This +2 bonus applies even after Zuckess in ship reduces your total battle destiny to 0(your battle destiny is unmodifiable, but your attrition is not).  Leia adds a battle destiny, and the opponent must pay +1 force to force drain.

The first question is the best way to free Leia.  I have exhausted all the possibilities and determined that the old school Echo Base Garrison-8D8 combo is simply still the best.  I have looked at Strike Planning(crix pulls a scout/spy), Rycar Ryjerd(pull merc armor to make anyone a spy, pull undercover to protect them), even Brisky Morning Munchen(Jar Jar can deploy directly to the prison, as he is not a spy).  For the love of all that is sacred, I even looked at an Elom Swarm with Plastoid Armors  Trust me, this is the best start.

8D8 is pulled on the first turn, deployed to the Yavin 4 Docking Bay, and moved to the DS Docking Bay.  2nd turn pull Bacta Tank and deploy it.  8D8 moves to the detention block and tries to free Leia.  About 50% of the cards in this deck satisfy the magic destiny number of 4 required to free Leia.  If you recycle some used interrupts early, you can increase the chances.  Furthermore, you could choose only to stack your low podracing destinies until Leia is freed.  But I doubt that would ever be worth the trouble.  If you have to wait longer to free Leia, then so be it.  At least you have the podrace to do some early damage while you wait.

Once Leia is free, waste no time in moving her towards the war room.  Bring 8D8 if you can(you cant if she was freed on turn 2)  She will be attacked almost regardless of what deck your opponent is playing(dark deal and walker garrison might ignore her, but that is about it).  Play Too Close For Comfort and/or First Aid to maintain her forfeit value of 6, and if 8D8 is there youll have a total of 5 power and 9 forfeit.  Even Maul w/ Saber can only cause a few overflow damage.

Leia dies, throw her in the bacta tank.  On your turn, take her out for free(2 if Bad Feeling is out) and deploy her to the yavin 4 docking bay, then move her to the war room.  Flip.

Are you familiar with Prisoner 2187?  Taking the objective restriction into account, she is one of the best characters in the game.  She adds 2 to a force drain, deploys free, forfeits 6, and keeps the objective in play at all times.  Use Leias Back (v) to force drain for 4 at the War Room.  When the Coward shield comes out(and it will), be patient.  Your opponent must occupy a battleground to keep the Coward shield in effect, and after a while this will be difficult for them

From this point on, you make critical strikes on your opponents key characters.  Use Senses to ensure these attacks always get through.  use Too Close For Comfort/First Aid to prevent overflow.  6 EPP characters and 2 Lando with 4 rescilience and bacta tank will last forever.  Be careful about using the tank though, as it should mainly be reserved for Leias use.  EPPs can safely use it near the end of the game(when you have exhausted all of your rescilience), though.

Falcon and Gold Leader in Gold 1 are designed to disrupt space, not control it.  Either one will kill Zuckess in ship with the attrition bonus as explained earlier.  Gold Leader was chosen because he draws on his own, is cheap, and has room for a pilot or passenger to get around Maul in Ship.  Corran or Luke is preferable, but technically even Obi-Wan can sit in Gold 1 to battle maul.

Throughout the game, Wesa Got a Grand Army and Speak With the Council should be played to pull the sites.  This cures the activation problem often associated with this objective.

Card Choices

2nd 8D8 In case he is drawn for podrace destiny or killed by a sniper.  Unlikely as it may seem, you are in big trouble without 8D8.

No 2nd Prisoner 2187?  Older RTP decks play a 2nd Prisoner 2187, but with the Leias Back (v) and Bacta Tank that is not needed.

Gold Leader See above

First Aid See above

Alter lost Political Effects can devastate this deck.  Alter is also good against other effects like Bad Feeling.

3 Too Close For Comfort and only 1 We Wish To Board?  A normal racing deck might play 2-2 especially since TCFC is unique.  This was a tough decision to make and a 2nd WWTBAO would help get Draw Their Fire out.  I am borderline with this.

Where is Honor?  I’m looking for a card to take out for it.  Another reason to add a 2nd WWTBAO.

The Defensive Shields are local-meta based, but Wise Advice is really key against any deck likely to have SAC.  You are in trouble if they alter Echo Base Garrison on the first turn and you haven’t got 8D8 in hand.  Another reason to play a 2nd WWTBAO.

Deck Matchups  This is strategy for post-flip only.  Pre-flip strat was given earlier.

Bring Him Before Me and Hunt Down  Toughest matchups if they are fast.  They will load up at one of your docking bays and Leia will face a beatdown if she doesnt hurry.  If you do flip, though, things are going to be great.  Place vader out of play and they cant flip anymore.  Place palpatine out of play just because you can.  Same goes for maul, fett, janus, 4lom, IG-88, and anyone else.

Agents of Black Sun  Xizor has to sit at a battleground.  Theyll make you kill Guri first, but then she is out of play and xizor is ripe for plucking.  Sense for self-destruct mechanism and oh switch off if they try that garbage.

Walker Garrison/Dark Deal  There is a strong chance they will let Leia walk to the war room.  This actually slows you down compared to the Bacta Tank teleport.  Wait for an opening before you strike, but dont wait too long against these decks or your life force will be too small to do anything at all

Court Mains or Scum  Take your time against these decks, as they are often slow to do damage.  You’ll wish you had Honor to make that damage extra slow.  Place people out of play as usual.  Dont let them initiate battle, ever.

Senate  Try to track a decent destiny to the top and attack the senate.  Place their senators out of play  So much fun, and your opponent is totally unprepared.  Alter their political effects too.

LSC  This is really interesting.  Expect a SAC war.  Youll need your anti barrier cards to help you initiate battle.  It may take a few tries but you can indeed place their Dark Jedi out of play, killing yet another objective simply by removing the key characters.  I am considering virtual Return of a Jedi and/or Lukes Back, which cancel combat destinies allowing me to defeat their dark jedi as a result of combat.

Watto I saved the best for last.  Make sure you have a 2 senses(or a sense and an anti-barrier) in hand, and attack Watto.  Swing at him, your opponent flips back, and can never flip again.  Take it from there.

Props to Brian for the general idea of resurrection the objective with new cards, especially the locations and Too Close For Comfort.  Brad, thanks for discovering Leias Back for me.

Did you read the whole thing?  High rating or low, please suggest a way this deck might be improved.  I really appreciate it.  Thanks.       '