---
layout: post
author: ! Dunya "Hardpack" Ertan
title: ! "beefed up profit"
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-04-27
description: ! 'kill and retive and force lost what u waiting for'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'starting
profit
jabba palace
han
jabba’s palace
signal 
trafic control
all ten defensice shields

locations
rendezvous point
yoda’s hut
jedis home
tatooine farmx2

character
captain yutani
corporal rushing
lieutnant greeve
padme
liet williams
master luke x2
lando with axe
freon drevan
rep been
jar jar  x2
jerus jannick
corporal midge
owen lars x2
liet too veers
liet blunt
yarua
chewie engraed x2
leia with blaster
obi with stick x2
qui gon with stick x2

interupts
i’ve got a bad feeling about this
out of commission combo x2
nabrun leids 
glacing blow
sorry about the mess combo
are u brain dead
free ride x2
alter combo
gift of mentor x2
harvest x3
rebel artilery x3

effects
i hope she is all right
lightsaber profiency

weapons
amidala blaster
distruptor pistol x2
stun blaster x2







'

Strategy: '

this is beat down deck for profit. it retives by the ton. retival with and and correct harvest can destorys lots of decks. Direct damage and going after them easy kills.

Some card choices
why jedi’s homes, yodas home and rendevous point?
They cant drain there expect jedi counsel. U can get to them fairly easy with traffic control.

Why no other han? Dont need it. he is in there for a beat down and u can harvest him easy later. 

WHy no ships? dont need it. Look at the cards. Artilery does damage with weapons. seven side kills lots of space decks. battle order does not stop this deck. free ride combo kills opts decks in ther tracks.

master luke? he is the man for this deck.
WHy no tat. qui gon? dont need it. seroiusly. it kills opponents with saber and have more than one.


First couple of turns
set up alter protection and start tracking ur destinies. use master luke and rest of the beat down squad for a quick death. free ride combo can look in ther hands. IF they deploy a character down in the begining wait and beat them down. 
look for rend. and yoda’s home for a good beef up in activation.

Some decks vs this.
Dark deal on speed-Wait for them to deploy a chracter and beat them down. dont worry han in till mid game for reteival. Wait for them deploy and beat them down. 

Combat- easy kill. wait for maul and kill with out of commision. They offer to much force. this will kill them. watch out for ghkks and rebel barrier. 

senate- this takes skill. u got people with senate skills. u can beat them with having a 9 cards in hand and hit them hard with retievals. use mentor with luke and obi one for battle destinies to kill them.

droids- this is the hard challenge. they will come after you. let them. let them come to tattoni and u go to naboo for a nice drain. its a killer move. they can’t drain in audience chamber. wait for late game retieve with farm. this way u can ensure max profit.

BHBM- this is going to be bloody. fight in the audience chamber and choose ur battles. dont give cheap battles away. 

Hunt down- use jar jar and out of commision like ur bit ch. wait for them to lose to visage and make them scream when u retive. Be cautio about obi life. he might not last long with circle.


This is a hard fighthing deck it does not take crap. it fights and retieves like on other deck. it uses oppents weakness to destroys them.

Thank you

'