---
layout: post
author: Haywood "Col. Sanders" Jablowmee
title: 'Solid Vitrual QMC'
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-04-06
description: 'QMC'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

Starting (8):
Quiet Mining Colony/Independent Operation
Bespin
CC: Guest Guarters
An Unusual Amount of Fear
Heading for the Medical Frigate
Keeping the Empire Out Forever
Squadron Assignments
Menace Fades

Locations (4):
Bespin: Cloud City
CC: Carbon Chamber
CC: West Gallery
CC: Platform 327

Characters (19):
Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight x 2
EPP Obi-wan x 2
EPP Qui-gon x 2
Leia, Rebel Princess x 2
Lando Calrissian, Scoundrel x 2
Chewie, Enraged
Captain Han Solo
Dash Rendar
Wedge Antilles, RSL
Bren Quersey
Ten Numb
Boshek (Virtual Card)
Pucumir Thryss
Atroo, BLD

Ships (5):
Millennium Falcon
Outrider
Red Squadron 1
Red 8
Blue Squadron 5

Weapons/Devices (5):
X-wing Laser Cannon x 2
Intruder Missile
Luke’s Lightsaber
Fusion Generator Supply Tanks (Virtual Card)

Admiral’s Orders (1):
I’ll Take the Leader

Effects (3):
Goo Nee Tay
Legendary Starfighter
Cloud City Celebration

Interrupts (15):
Path of Least Resistance x 3
Rebel Barrier
Power Pivot
A Jedi’s Resilience
Off the Edge x 2
Rebel Artillery x 2
Houjix/Out of Nowhere
Sorry About the Mess/Blaster Proficiency
All Wing Report In/Darklighter Spin
Strike Blocked
Alter 



Strategy: 

QMC has become one of my favorite Objectives to play and the new Virtual Cards just add to its versatility.  With Keeping the Empire Out Forever, once you flip, you can get a card from your force pile EVERY turn.  This is absolutely huge!  Need that Strike Blocked to help against Saber Combat?  Grab it.  Need that Power Pivot to take care of the Executor?  It’s yours.  You also get very nice activation and getting all those 0’s out of your site doesn’t hurt either.  It has a very nice average destiny too (around 3.3 after your sites are out if I remember correctly).  All in all a very powerful objective that can hold its own against pretty much everything the Dark Side has to offer.  Onto the strategy:

If you play this deck properly, you should be able to flip the Objective within the first few turns.  This frees you from the force drain restriction on Quiet Mining Colony, and sets up Keeping the Empire Out Forever, which should give you the control you need to set up nice drains, big beats and retrieval.

How to flip:

With Keeping the Empire Out Forever, all you need to do is control two CC sites and OCCUPY Bespin System.  There are plenty of ships/characters/weapons in this deck to do that rather easily.  X-wing Cannons help you take care of Zuckuss or any other starfighter that is in your way.  The EPPs are there for suicide strikes, or to hold a site until you flip.  There are also plenty of support cards that help you achieve this:

Goo Nee Tay – combine this with the Bespin System text while you control it, and your opponent will be hard pressed to drop any kind of hit squad to the Bespin sites

Legendary Starfighter – read the card, too bad it’s no longer non-unique

The combo cards – extremely versatile cards that are too useful not too keep in your deck

Jedi Luke – I took the non-EPP Luke road for a few reasons:  Quiggy and Ben are usually enough, the destiny 6 is huge, especially when you are using Off the Edge, and  he’s got more staying power that the EPP so he can stick around Bespin longer with Leia while she blocks the drains

Bo Shek – new VC is great.  Low deploy, 4 ability, and he can pull the Fusion Generator

Once you flip, just utilize Pucumir Thryss and spread and drain.  Don’t forget to use those Paths to get you out of trouble.  You can use them to run away from a fight, or bring one of your heavy hitters to it.

If you are stuck trying to find a fun, strong Light Side deck, definitely check out QMC.  It is a great deck for newbies and old veterans alike.

I look forward to you advice/suggestions.

Thanks!
