---
layout: post
author: ! Silviu "Alienboy" Pitis
title: ! "Black Sun kiks @$$"
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-02-10
description: ! "Regular AOTBS deck. Works great:)))"
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(9)
AOBS/VOTDP
Coruscant -old
Imperial City
Xizor
Prep D
IAO/Secret Plans
Mobalization Points
(last effect depends)
Fear is my ally
+10 shields

Locations(2)
Coruscant DB
Death Star DB

Characters(17)
Prince Xixor
Emperor Palpatine x3
The Emperor
Bane Malar (can borrow an epp’s weapon))
Snoova
Guri
Jodo Kast
4LOM w/
Rees Yees
Labria (spy)
Vigo x2
Iggy w/
Dengar w/
Fett w/

Ships(7)
Zuckuss MH
Fett S1
Dengar P1
Bossk HT
IG88 IG2000
Stinger
Virago

Effects(11)
Presence OTF x2
Bad Feeling Have I
Broken Concentration
No Escape
Come Here you big coward
Imperial Decree
Lateral Damage
After Her
Battle Order/First Strike
Security Precautions

Interrupts(14)
Control/SFS x2
Evader/Monnok
Projective Telepathy x2
Sense/Uncertain is the future
Alter/Colateral Damage
Imperial Barrier x2
Twi’lek Advisor
Force Lightning x2
Omni Box/Its Worse
Main Course

'

Strategy: '

****EDIT 1****
The Omnibox/Its worse can be taken out if you dont think it is neccessary, however I know ALOT of people who play it could be worse. If your gonna take it out then put in a jabba’s through with you.
***************

Alrite... this deck may not look good at first, but it is.

Why both bounty hunters and there ships? 
Because if they playing space you have more space, if they playing ground you have more ground. If they playing both, you can split aswell))

Why (1) The Emperor?
This is simple, if you put him with Xizor he will add 2 to attrition everywhere << this can come in handy

Why so little sites?
This is self explanitory. Like the ”dark surgeon” deck which I overlooked alot to make this deck, it is made to not give the opponent lots of force. You have only 1 battleground with is the DS DB. That is where Xizor STAYS Later in the game when activation isnt that important you may want to slap down a presence on the coruscant DB, and move emperor there for +1 drain and +1 loss from objective))

Why Death Star DB?
Easy, no light side deck plays on the DS (this is obvious) and therefore it is harder for them to hit there, unless its a mains and toys.

I cant use Vader, Maul, Sidious, or any other cool characters
Arent the bounty hunters cool enough for you. Well first off, even if you could use Vader and Maul, what does that give you? not much. The destructive force is just about the same This disadvantage means almost zero when playing AOBS

---Destiny Count---
Starting  9
0  2 (pullable)
1  10
2  8
3  12
4  6
5  9
6  4 <<< use these with objectice auto tracking0)


---How this deck works---
If you play this deck your gonna get into long games. Why? This is a lockdown deck Giving a maximum of 2 force to the opponent, have a very strong ground force to protect Xizor, have an even stronger ground force to attack luke, and having enough stuff to beath the living @)(&$# out of the opponent makes this deck very very very good.

Okay, well how are you going to make them lose force? EASY PResence on Coruscant DB, put emperor there, put a vigo with xizor at DS DB, and they are losing 5 force a turn. 

They pretty much cant make you lose lots of force. It takes them along time to get setup, you arent giving them many force. This at the same time gives you an advantage. If they deploy in small chunks its easy beatdown, if they deploy spreaded out its easy beatdown, if they save and deploy in big chunks, they lose tempo, and the constant force that you are making them lose. 

Another good part about this deck is the objective. Simply place a 6 into your used pile, and look at your force pile, draw all the cards you need and another 6, and now you have one 6 that moving up your reserve deck and being tracked, and another 6 in your hand so you can track it next turn. One game I was playing have 3 6s in circulation and I knew where they all were. THis is a huge advantage. Bust down and After her when they force drain, then go and attack there, get +1 destiny to your 6 and w/e other destinies you draw (your almost garantueed more then one)
Then when you control the site you lost After her to retreive 4 force

Viewing you force pile means more then tracking, it means getting the cards you need to bust your opponent. Didnt get an emperor in your starting hand? thats okay, there 2 in my force pile))))
I only have 2 ships, but I want to beat them down in space next turn, thats okay, I can draw some more 
Oh no, Im playing MWYHL and I need a broken concentration(this card has otherr uses aswell), theres a twilek to grab it with

As you can see this advantage is amazing, and it will give you the tools you need to beat your opponent. Its just like preconstructing the game, your hand, and the winnerDDD

The objective has other advantages of course, LOOKING AT YOUR DESTINIES. If youve tracked, forget about yours, see if its worth beating down the opponent, look at his This is huge It tells you the outcome of the battle BEFORE the battle This is very useful, you can decide if your next move is smart, and can KNOW the consequences rather than predicting them)))

The last advantage not listed above is the attrition +1 for every Black Sun Agent you have in battle. Guess what, every character except emperor is a black sun agent. This REALLY helps when defending Xizor or Emperor. It also helps on offence. This isnt that huge, but it can help you through a difficult situation

The objective gets flipped 3rd turn))) Well, this is no big deal, or is it. It encourages the opponent to bust down a luke somewhere. Where your xizor is? Dead luke. WHere your Emperor is? Dead Luke. To Any other Battleground site? Dead Luke. lOts of choice for you opponent isnt there. luke deploys for alot, especially the lukes that have a chance of survival, if the opponent can pay this and back him up, I would be surprised. However even so, get a 4lom to get rid of his game text, get a Dengar to kill him. Easy as pie)) True, this may not always be so, however for the opponent to make sure luke is safe he hsa to back up that location ALOT. This is basically  like wasting alot of guys for just one site. Is this neccesary when you only drain for 1 or 2 there? Normally it wouldnt. 
If they try and put luke down and are  smart about it, hes a dead man)

This deck is alot of fun, and I really enjoy playing with it. It is expensive to make, but it works. 

Thanks for reading and please review constructively)   '