---
author: Ryan "TheMan Ryan" Obman
title: 'Commanders Invading'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-02-26
description: 'A great deck that does lots of damage and can hold up to mains.'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

Starting (9)
Invasion/ In complete Control
Naboo
Naboo: Swamp
Blockade Flagship
Droid Racks
Prepared Defenses
IAO/ SP
Crush
MOB Points

Characters (20)
Darth Sidius
Nute Gunray, Nemodian Advisor x2
Rune Haako, Legal Counsel x2
Captain Daultay Dulfine
Tay How
OWO-1 w/ Backup
3b3-888 (makes people defense valuse -3)
SSA-719 (Places cards OOP)
SSA-1015 (Jedis Deploy +4)
SSA-306 (Smugglers deploy +4)
3B3-1204 (Kills Jedi Immunity)
OOM-9 (Gets out Open Fire)
U-3PO
Tank Commander x5

Ships and Vehicles (10)
Droid Control Ship
Battleship
DFS-1308 (Opponent only gets 1 destiny)
DFS-1015 (Draw 2 and choose 1)
DFS-327 (Opponents Pilots deploy +2)
DFS Squadron Starfighter
AAT x3

Weapons (2)
AAT Laser Cannon x2

Locations (4)
Theed Palace Throne Room
Battle Plains
Coruscnt DB
Death Star 2 DB
Carida

Interupts (9)
Imperial Artillery x2
Imperial Barrier x2
Ghhhk & TRWEU
Trade Federation Tactics x2
Oh, Switch Off
Evader & Monnok
Take Them Away

Effects (2)
No Escape
Open Fire

Admirals Orders (2)
Were In Attack Position Now



Strategy: 

Dengar, it doesnt matter what the point of the deck is supposed to be. This deck wins just fine w/o mass droids.
I forgot about fear is my ally. Just make sure you use Battle Order, the Grabber, and Code Clearance
Change- Take out Oh Switch Off to add another Ghhhk combo.
Here is the strategy so please READ THIS. Dont review until you do.
This deck usually gets working around turn 2 and is devestating once fully set up. With a total drain of 9 and loosing 3 a turn with Commanders and the AO is deadly. Just get set up and react to whatever your opponent does.

Turn 1- Before you activate, get out Carida with MOB Points and activate. Usually, you will pull a docking bay and Battle Plains. If you dont have the Admirals Order in your hand, check to see if it is in your force by seeing how many is in your reserve. Draw until you get it if it is.

Turn 2- Pull the other docking bay and, if you have a Nemodian, pull Throne Room. Deploy a Nemodian there and flip. Deploy the AO and Deploy Dultay on the Flagship. Deploy another droid or 2 at the trone room (make 1 of them a Commander if you can) Draw. If you are playing against a ship deck and dont feel good about your space right now, move away from the Trone room and unflip so they cant deploy to Naboo. Once you get your ships built up, you can flip back.

Turn 3- Activate, Drain, and ping. Try to deploy a tank to battle plains with a commander abord. It should be power 10. Get another droid there. Also build up your protection at Throne Room. Just deploy whatever you think is nessesary at the time.

After this, just continue to build up. Get another tank to Swamp. After you are set up, you will be causing a total amount of 11 damage. Get guns on your tanks. If you get open fire out, kill there people during the control phase (remember that they can shoot at adjacent sites. Even to interior sites) 3B3-888 can reduce there defense value once per turn, so it should be easy if he is out. You should but him at Throne Room. If you get out Sidious, put him at Coruscant DB for extra activation and added destiny where your Nemodian is at. Just keep causing damage. Use Imperial artillery for extra damage and U-3PO to stop there drains. If you need to, you can attack with your droids. You will get 2 destiny for having 2 droids.

Now for the matchups.
Mains- Just set up as normal, but watch out for a beat down. Keep draining and kill off there characters with Tank cannons and atrition. Get the droids that make characters deploy for more and defend the throne room as best you can. Just play smart. I have beatin a mains deck with this. Its not to hard.

Hidden Base and other ships- Hidden Base always presents a problem with this deck. Tay How may just save you in this situation. Early, cause as much damage as possible and try to make them loose a system or 2 so they cant flip. If this happens against a HB, you win. If they flip, probe every system you can with a battle ship and always keep a Ghhk in your hand. if you hold Naboo against any other ship deck (and they cant cancel your drains), then you will do fairly well. Do your best and you will win.

Combat- This could go several ways. Since they put 2 sites in between the throne room and Battle Plains, your tank cannons are not going to be to useful against them. But, there objective wont hurt you. Try to get Sidious the Coruscant DB as soon as possible and also get out the droid that kills jedis immunity. Start killig jedi with attrition and placing them OOP. Use the droid racks to keep droids coming back and cause damage. Watch out for R3 Falcon and life debt. Just cause damage at exterior sites and win. It is not to difficult.

The decks that present the most problems are decks that cancel drains. Stop that and cause direct damage. If there is anything I missed,D-Mail me before rating. Also D-mail me with any questions on how to play this. This deck wins against a lot and hurts win fully set up. 
Thanks for looking
Ryan    