---
layout: post
author: ! Daniel "Shadow865" Blackford
title: ! 'Rock The Projects'
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-11-29
description: ! 'RTP revived and revitalized. No gimmicky flipping strategies like lift tubes or rontos -- just solid, speedy, recurring beats that place opponents' characters out of play. The perfect meta choice, with so many decks focused around a few highpower char'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Start (11)
RTP
Y4 WR
Y4 DB
D DB
Detention Block Corridor
Prisoner 2187
An Unusual Amount of Fear (10 Shields)
Heading for the Frigate
Rycar Ryjerd
DODN/WA
Cell 2187

Locations (3)
Dejarik Gameboard
Jedi Council
Yoda's Hut

Characters (14)
EPP Luke x2
EPP Obi x2
EPP Quiggie x2
Lando, Scoundrel x2
Melas
Tawss Khaa
Corran Horn
R2-D2
Artoo
Prisoner 2187

Starships (2)
Han & Chewie in Falcon x2

Effects (5)
Honor
Bacta Tank
Reflection
Draw Their Fire
Legendary Starfighter

Interrupts (25)
How Did We Get Into This Mess x4
Rebel Barrier x3
Fallen Portal x2
Leia's Back x4
A Jedi's Resilience x3
Escape Pod x2
Houjix/OON
SATM/Blaster Proficiency x2
Bith Shuffle/Desperate Reach
Life Debt
The Signal
Speak With The Jedi Council
'

Strategy: '

For those of you who've never taken the time to actually look at RTP let me tell you about the flipside

All unique characters, all starships, and all vehicles lost from the table...are placed out of play. That's right...once you kill Maul, he can't be deployed again.

"But those characters have crazy immunity..." Then I'll point you to the next line Your opponent's Imperials, Dark Jedi, and Imperial starships lose their immunity to attrition.

That's not all folks Your opponent must use +1 force to force drain, your total attrition against the opponent is +2 in every battle, and Leia adds a battle destiny. Strong.

Strat
Cell 2187(V) let's you deploy a spy artoo from reserve once per game at -2 force. During your control phase, you can free Leia for 1 force, but you retrieve no force that turn. While Sometimes I Amaze Even Myself on table, Leia is immune to Battle Order. Unless opponent deploys an Emp to DBC first turn, always deploy R2-D2 from your reserve deck. Next turn free Leia and drain for 4, then steadily begin your march to the Y4 War Room for your flip.

Nearly every RTP I've ever seen built tries to get Leia to the War Room as quickly as possible to avoid beatdown...but this really isn't necessary and here's why

1) You release her early...not many decks are going to have a game crippling beatdown ready for you on turn three. Enough to kill her? Yes...but that just speeds the deck up. You WANT her to die. Why?

2) You play 4 Leia's backs...this serves another purpose that I'll get into later, but if they kill her you will ALWAYS be able to get your other Leia from reserve deck and deploy her all for a total of 1 force. You deploy her to the Y4 DB and move to WR for the flip. So Leia being killed is GOOD thing...it speeds the deck up by 1-2 turns.

3) Not only do you play a houjix with 2 escape pods, 3 barriers and 2 fallen portals...you also have 4 HDWGITM to cycle through and make sure you've always got something in your hand.

Card Selection
Locations-Jedi Council, Yoda's Hut, Dejarik Gameboard. You can't rely on what your opponent gives you in order to fund your beatdowns. Jedi Council and Gameboard both have helper cards to pull them out quickly, as well as HDWGITM to cycle through and pull/deploy them. 

Prisoner 2187 over another Leia- Discuss this more in tech section. She adds 2 to all drains (even at war room you're draining for 2)...and is a deploy 0 forfeit 6. With Leia's back she comes down for 1, and Bacta Tank, 0.

Bacta Tank- Not VITAL, but a big help. Catch Leia, Lando, or an ability 4 character...or your EPPs if you can't find a JResilence. Your characters keep coming back, theirs never do.

Tech and other random goodness

-Don't Do That Again shield pulls Legendary Starfighter.

-Rycar Ryjerd pulls Reflection for Leia TWICE and if/when she's lost it goes to the used pile.

-Prisoner 2187 already adds 2 to drains and is immune to Battle order. Play Leia's back to add another 2, then use the reflection pulled by Rycar to retrieve it back. Leia draining for 5-6 a turn is heavy pressure on the opponent to do something about it...and when they do, they go oop.

-HDWGITM speeds up the deck immensely, you'll always have the cards you need. More importantly though, you can arrange your hand any way you like before putting it back...so you'll always know every destiny in the entire deck. No blind draws. With SATM/BP, Lightsabers, and Fallen Portal this is gamebreaking.

I don't play Narrow Escape or Blast the Door kid because I'm already packing barriers and Blast Door Controls cancels all three. I don't need more than three cards in the deck rendered useless.

Matchups

The only problem matchup is BHBM because Emperor to DBC first turn prevents you from deploying artoo due to Force Lightning. One way to avoid this is to play a Droid Shutdown. Deploy R2 to the D* or Y4 DB wherever you feel safer and HDWGITM until you get it into hand, then march over to free her. The alternative is just beating the emperor off before you deploy Artoo.

Every other deck...HDADTJ, Watto, Senate, LSC dies a horrible death when their characters go out of play. BHBM dies too once you flip, you just have to play a little more conservatively to free her.

What beats this deck? ...Alien swarm. MAYBE...if they somehow manage to prevent you from putting their rep and Jabba OOP, and can retrieve more than you're draining with Leia. Ops could beat it if there were no shields, but alas. Nothing that is mains reliant (which is every DS right now) has a chance, because once they're on the table they are gone, while your Epps come back to hand with Resilience and Bacta Tank. 

Lush called it, RTP is a beast.

'