---
layout: post
author: ! Ryan "frenchie6901" French
title: ! "Whos your daddy?  MWYHL with a twist"
tags:
- Light
date: 2002-02-06
description: ! 'This is a fun deck that provides the only possible platform for Anakin Skywalker, that incredibly cool Used Interrupt from Death Star II.  You might even win the game...'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(7)
An Unusual Amount of Fear
Mind What You Have Learned/Save You It Can
Dagobah
Prepared Defenses
Squadron Assignments
The Way of Things
Your Insight Serves You Well

Locations(6)
Training Area
Yoda’s Hut
Bog Clearing
Jungle
Kessel
City Outskirts

Characters(14)
Yoda
Son of Skywalker
Qui-Gon with Lightsaber
Obi-Wan with Lightsaber
Leia with Blaster
Han with Blaster
Chewie, PO’d
Lando, Screamin’
Padme Naberrie
Captain Panaka
Dash Rendar
Mirax Terrik
Wedge Antilles, RSL
Corran Horn

Blue Cards(4)
Han, Chewie & The Falcon
Outrider
Pulsar Skate
Red Squadron 1

Green Cards(3)
Luke’s Lightsaber
Panaka’s Blaster
Intruder Missile

Interrupts(14)
A Jedi’s Resilience
Inconsequential Barriers
Houjix & Out of Nowhere
Rebel Artillery
We Wish To Board At Once x3
On The Edge x2
Glancing Blow
Anakin Skywalker
Yoda Stew
Weapon Levitation
Lost In The Wilderness

Jedi Tests(6)
Great Warrior
A Jedi’s Strength
Domain of Evil
Size Matters Not
It Is The Future You See
You Must Confront Vader

Effects(6)
I Feel The Conflict
Twilight Is Upon Me
Yoda’s Hope
Honor of the Jedi
Goo Nee Tay
Wars Not Make One Great

DShields(10)
-Battle Plan
-Don’t Do That Again
-A Tragedy Has Occurred
-Wise Advice
-Ounee Ta
-The One Ring (for kicks and giggles)
-A Close Race
-Aim High
-Do or Do Not
-Your Ship?

'

Strategy: '

I’ve got a lot of strategy here, and I suggest you read it all the way to the end before you decide that this deck will never win.  MWYHL is never an auto-loss, no matter what they say.  it just takes a lot of skill and excellent card choices to win.

*****Update.  i’ve been toying with the card list, trying to tweak it, and i’ve found that since (in my area) space decks are few and far between, it works out ok to take out all the ships except the Falcon combo and run a couple more Yoda Stew, plus It could be worse and some other tech cards, drop Squassin for Wise Advice, and maybe even train Luke w/saber instead of Son.  that way there’s no problems with A Jedi’s Resilience saving your butt if you have to blind draw for Anakin Skywalker b/c you got the wrong card stacked on Test 5.  well, just in case, better safe than sorry, right?  plus having Yoda Stew x4 improves your chances of getting one in your starting hand and so training Luke that much faster.  end update***

Complete the Jedi Tests.  Duel Vader to complete Jedi Test 6 and stack a card on I Feel the Conflict.  Then play On The Edge to lose Luke, play Anakin Skywalker, and cross Vader over.  Watch your opponent’s eyes get real big...You only have to win one battle, then win that Jedi Test 6 duel, and stack a 7 on Test 5...there are two 7’s in here, just hold one and put it back with either Mirax or Yoda Stew, you shouldn’t have a problem getting it on test 5.  Don’t play Rebel Artillery unless your opponent doesn’t have a grabber out or has already grabbed something else, because you need that card on Test 5, not on your opponent’s grabber.

That’s basically the point of this deck, train Luke to Jedi-hood and then cross Vader over to the Light Side.  If you win, great.  But that’s not quite the whole point...I put this together because I wanted a (semi-)reliable way to cross Vader over and use him as my own Jedi...to actually play with Anakin Skywalker.

you will have to struggle to get past Secret Plans and Come Here You Big Coward to get your retrieval.  do anything that is required, especially if you have your houjix in hand.  retrieving 10 force is worth losing whatever puny character you have at that second battleground.  Yoda’s Hope is instrumental here, put back whatever you can live without (which is just about anything).

To stop from losing Force if your opponent plays one of the ground-based objectives and starts Mob Points, drop DDTA immediately if he forgets to grab his system first action.  Then play Battle Plan shield.  Get Wars Not Make One Great and Goo Nee Tay as soon as you possibly can, and drop Your Insight Serves You Well for Honor of the Jedi.  But if they have No Escape or there’s no chance that Honor will help you out, drop Your Insight for Twilight Is Upon Me instead.  Use that to get Anakin Skywalker into your hand before you accidently lose it.  

Also get I Feel The Conflict as soon as is humanly possible, before you ever try to drop and battle.  and when you do drop your beatdown of han/leia/chewie or falcon/outrider, make sure you’re holding Inconsequential Barriers...Imp Barrier will screw you over good.  and chances are a LSC deck will be holding Barriers and a couple other ways to cancel battles, so don’t touch their Sith. but remember, as long as you can win the battle, even if you lose your characters, you’re set.  then just get two battlegrounds occupied when you flip, that’s good, that’s what you need.

Card Choices
R3 Lando vs. Lando with Axe - JPSD Lando does let you exclude, but he costs more to deploy and his battle destiny is only added on Tatooine, plus he’s only destiny 1, which means you failed the Jedi Test.  R3 Lando is more versatile, plus he looks scary when your opponent wants to init battle against him.

Lost in the Wilderness - tech against any deck that revolves around one character...make Vader, Maul, or Watto go missing, and you’ve screwed their deck.

Corran Horn - usually UC spies won’t hurt this deck because you don’t drain very often.  instead, he’s in as a copilot in one of the other ships so Wedge RSL can cancel a battle destiny with him.  plus he’s pretty good against Mara and Fett.

Twilight Is Upon Me - you can pull this card with Your Insight if Honor is teched against.  Then you can pull Anakin Skywalker every turn and put it back with Mirax, getting your mains into your hand for that one beatdown.  Plus it cancels Dark Jedi Presence and You Are Beaten, so you can win that one battle.

Inconsequential Barriers - stop Imperial Barrier.  you have to win that one beatdown battle at all cost to make this deck work.

Glancing Blow - against LSC, you really REALLY need this card to win that duel against Vader.  with your obj flipped, it’s immune to Sense.  just watch out for Blow Parried.


You train LUKE?? - well yeah.  Leia can’t cross Vader over, Luke’s the natural choice.  Plus he pulls his saber to add 1 to destiny, he’s just better on Dagobah...Leia is one of the cornerstones of the Han/Leia/Chewie beatdown.  Luke can’t replace her there...besides, training him is easier than Leia.

What about Hunt Down?  Bring Him? LSC? - WYS is so popular that you rarely see BHBM; in fact, i’ve never actually played against it.  and with Hunt Down you still have Obi and Quigon to drop on Vader.  Visage is quite irritating, that’s why I make it so easy to pull HotJedi since Hunt Down doesn’t like starting No Escape...they’d rather have Crush or Wipe Them Out.  And against LSC, little main beatdown is the way to go, as long as you cancel their Barrier and its not Palpy w/ Force Lightning.  you just have to win the battle, there.  Plus, against those three decks, you choke their Force drains and hurt their damage.  Then you take away their Vader.

Site deployment
1st turn Training Area
2nd turn Yoda’s Hut / Training Area
3rd turn Jungle / YH / TA
4th turn Jungle / YH / Bog Clearing / TA
this way the Jungle is cornered for Jedi Test 2 and Yoda never has to leave the Hut if you start Jedi Test 1 there. Jedi test 1 should be completed on your 3rd turn, 2nd if your opponent gives away too many icons and you manage to get Luke and Yoda at the Training Area. With all your cards on the table Training destiny + 5(ability) + 4(Dagobah sites) + 1(Yoda’s Hope) + 1(Luke’s saber) + 1(Yoda) = you only have to draw a 4 to complete Jedi Test 4.  Once that’s completed, drop Yoda’s Hope for Weapon Levitation.  When you pick up Luke with Jedi Test 6 and Save You It Can, use Weapon Levitation to pick his saber back out of the Used Pile.

Pretend to be a Scrub The first time you search your deck for Luke, tell your opponent you’re searching for Daughter of Skywalker.  Then deploy Son of Skywalker, say something like ”I guess he works too” and then shrug off your opponent’s attempts to convince you not to deploy anything (after all, according to the rules, if you search with MWYHL, you have to deploy Luke, Yoda, Yoda’s Hope, Luke’s Backpack, or At Peace...so technically you would have to deploy Luke if none of those others are in your deck).  Then when you deploy Jedi Test 2, remember that Jedi Test 3 only deploys on the Jungle.  With The Way of Things, it is completed if the Luke is present with it, even during your deploy phase.  So when you play this deck, pretend to be a scrub (not hard for me, i AM a scrub) and tell your opponent that if he moves it, you won’t have to move Luke to it, say ”it’ll be like you’re giving me a free Force”...if your opponent’s a scrub, he probably won’t realize the Jedi Test 3 trick, or if he’s not a scrub he’ll feel sorry that you’re training Luke and not Leia...either way, he won’t move it.

Although this deck is not geared strictly to win, it can win fairly well, although not by a large margin.  In today’s tournament environment, where people are considering ways to keep the game alive and fun rather than ways to make the next broken deck, this deck really has a chance to keep people in the game by being exciting to play and fun to watch.  Crossing Vader over is one of the best game moments you’ll ever see.


Ryan French
Rebel Strike Team founder
http//www.decktech.net/43   '