---
author: Tony "pSycHOjOkeR" Massung
title: 'AT-ATs on Hoth Version 2'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-01-28
description: 'Revised Version of AT-ATs on Hoth'
rating: 3.0
---
Cards: 

Starting (6)
Fear Is My Ally
(10 shields)
5th Marker
Prepared Defenses
IOA/Secret Plans
YMSYL
Prepare For A Surface Attack

Locations (5)
3rd Marker
4th Marker
Hoth DB
Executer DB
Hoth System

Characters (14)
Tat maul (2)
Vader with Lightsaber (2)
Xizor
Janus Greejatus
Mara
U-3POD
Dr. E/Panda
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Admiral Piett
General Veers
Commander Merrejk
Commander Igar

Weapons (2)
Mara’s Stick
Maul’s Double Bladed Stick

Vehicles (5)
Tempest 1
Blizzard 2
Blizzard 4
Imperial Walker (2)

Admiral’s Order (2) 
We’re In Attack Position Now

Starships (5)
Maul’s Ship
Denger In Punishing One
Zuckuss In Mist Hunter
Chimaera
Executor

Interrupts (16)
Fury Fury
Walker Garrison
Ghhhk/Those Rebels Won’t Escape Us
Trample
Force Field
I Have You Now
Unsalvageable
Ommni Box/It’s Worse
The Ebb Of Battle
Neimoidian Advisor
Twi’lek Advisor (2)
Imperial Command (2)
Operational As Planned (2)

Effects (5)
Blast Door Controls
Lateral Damage
No Escape
Imperial Decree
Rebel Base Occupation 

Strategy: 

Against Lightsaber Combat:  Well I use YMSYL and pull what i can pull assuming I didn’t start with any of it.  Pull Executor DB and deploy what I can in terms of sites.  If i get imperial command i use it to pull Piett who pulls Merrejk who pulls Hoth.  Or if i get either of those two characters i start from there.  Otherwise I draw to get what I need.  Start getting my AT-ATs down to Hoth and build up a light space.  I try to stay away from 3rd marker for a while, Usually camping on 4th and 5th marker until i feel comfortable.  Also i get Janus, along with Piett and Merrejk to executor DB and start using his game text.  I can use Vader for assualts on the opponents jedi and maul can camp with his stick at one of their sites.  Mara I would use for late game draining on jedi council chamber considering most LS combat decks run it.  If they dont just battle with her like you do with Vader.  If their jedi just seem to be to much for me I would just focus on my AT-ATs and let them drain me at their sites.  This deck can outdrain them easy the only problem is it’s really slow to start the drains.

Against Watch Your Step:  Well I use YMSYL and pull what i can pull assuming I didn’t start with any of it.  Pull Executor DB and deploy what I can in terms of sites.  If i get imperial command i use it to pull Piett who pulls Merrejk who pulls Hoth.  Or if i get either of those two characters i start from there.  Otherwise I draw to get what I need.  I try and get heavy space up, Zuckuss is a killer against WYS unless they have cannons.  As for Maul, he should always be in space in his ship.  Also i get Janus, along with Piett and Merrejk to executor DB and start using his game text.  I get to 3rd marker and even the Hoth DB as soon as possible and just trample what they throw at me.  It’s quite easy to out drain/damage WYS unless they are running Menace Fades.  If they are I’d just take out their space with Thrawn in executor and command or Zuckuss and Dengar or just as easy Maul in ship.  Played right on my part, WYS doesnt stand a chance.

Against We Have A Plan:  I laugh at opponent.  Then use my same stategy of getting Hoth out along with Janus down.  Get Tat Maul to thrown room with mabye Mara or so as soon as possible and they are screwed.  Set up decent space, like Executor and Zuckuss if they are running Get To Your Ships otherwise just get like Zuckuss down and dont worry about it.  It’s so easy to out drain them and easy enough to out battle them so I just sit back and let them feel the pain.  And if they flip, Tat Maul down to thrown room flips it back... unless they have a character of ability 4 or more down, in which case I can battle and kill that fool.


I meant IAO/Secret Plans under my starting section, sorry
I also meant Furry Fury instead of Fury Fury 
Also it’s U-3PO not U-3POD

UPDATE:
  Ok i dropped Dengar for Bossk in ship.
  Dropped 4th marker, since I have no way of pulling it, for Projective Telepathy 
  And if I must use YMSYL to pull BOTH walker garrison and 3rd marker and not just 3rd if i get the garrison in my hand, well then i should add another.  But I can’t think of what to drop, any suggestions anyone? 

UPDATE AGAIN:
Look I didn’t post this deck on deck tech to have all you jack@$$’s cut me down.  I changed a lot more than 3 cards but most of you are to stupid to realize that.  I’d say changing 15 or so effects to 4 effects is one hell of a change.  And btw it was an accident about posting version 1 of my deck twice but you dont have to freak out at me about it.  Most people with half a heart would at least accept the fact that others can make mistakes.  I don’t expect to get 5 stars on this deck, not even 4 to tell the truth but 1/2 a star because I ”offended” you by posting my deck on accident twice?  Jeesh people.  I suppose that it is your decision if you’re gonna get mad or give me 1/2 stars but does it really lower the quality of the deck by doing that?  Also as for the WYS comment one of you made, i do have unsalveable in the deck to cancle power pivot and sicne I have never been to worlds or any big tourney i suppose i wouldnt know but at least with my friends Zuckuss does just fine.  Sure he can get shot down but if you have half a brain you won’t rely the whole friggin deck around Zuckuss holding Hoth alone against WYS.  I’d just appreciate if all of you would give CONSTURTIVE critisism or good comments or just shut up.  
  And one last thing.  My friend called me after seeing my deck on deck tech, roughly 10 min or so after i posted and he helpped me out with it.  After realizing 15 effects or whatever version 1 had was a horrible idea he helpped me lose some and add characters.  I wanted to share my new changes so I reposted my dark side deck. 

