---
layout: post
author: ! Pyry "Blizzard" Nystrom
title: ! 'Empire is virtually back!'
tags:
- Dark
date: 2002-07-08
description: ! 'Special SYCFA that will not flip, instead it wins games... Uses many (V)-cards for advantage'
rating: 4.5
---
Cards: 

'Starting(10)
Set Your Course For Alderaan / No Flip Today
Death Star
Alderaan
DSDocking Bay
Fear Is My Ally
Start Your Engines
Boonta Eve Podrace
TatooinePodrace Arena
Sebulbas Racer
Mobilization Points & You Cannot Hide For Ever

Defensive Shields(10)
Battle Order
You`ve Never Won A Race?
Come here You Big Covard
Allocations Of Corruption
I Find Your Lack Of Fate Disturbing(V)
+Choose some more...

Locations(5)
Wakelmuii
Malastare
Kashyyyk
Fondor
DSWar Room

Characters(13)
Emperor Palpatine
Darth Vader(V)
Grand Moff Tarkin
Darth Maul
Darth Sidious
Grand Admiral Thrawn
Admiral Piett
Admiral Chiraneau
Commander Praji(V)
Commander Merrejk
Captain Godherdt
U-3PO
Arica

Starships & Vehicles(11)
Executor
Chimaera
Devastator
Thunderflare
Imperial Class Star Destroyer(V)
Zuckuss in MH
The Emperors Shield
The Emperors Sword
2xTIE Interceptor
Blizzard 4

Effects(5)
Fear Will Keep Them In Line(V)
Sienar Fleet Systems
Wattos Box
Fighters Straight Ahead
Lateral Damage

Interrupts(13)
2xWe Must Accelerate Our Plans
Twilek Advisor
2xPodrace Collision
Ghhhk & Those Rebels Wont Escape Us
Imperial Barrier
I`d As Soon Kiss a Wookie
The Empires Back(V)
Unsalvageable
Control & Set For Stun
Overload
Imperial Command

Weapons(2)
2xSFS 9.3 Cannons

Admirals Orders(1)
Were In Attack Position Now '

Strategy: '

Okay, I came to built this deck when I wanted to try out some of the V-cards. And I was
surprised by the result. This deck is very solid and even wins games(at least in my
opinion...;)) You can say this deck has it changes against anything?
First you noticed that it starts with racing, a good way to retrieve and hurt opponent.
You should win the race(with 2xPod Colls and 2xWMAOP to get them) unless facing a dedicated
racing deck(most decks in my meta even dont have a racer, they just rely on the shield).  

Your main goal is to invade space and establish heavy drains and DD there. Meanwhile
minimizing opponents groud damage with spies and Batte Order(witch you satisfy from
DSDocking Bay). Show your opponent that Tarkin was right Put down "Fear Will Keep Them In
Line" and give out a good amount of damage. Retrieval capability is big(but not unlimited) 
with Sienar and racing. Activation goes up with systems, War Room, and Effects.
You have strong armada of ships and the interrupt support to invade space.
Star Destroyers and pilots have lots of power and enforce FWKTIL.
Zuckuss in MH is cool as allways, and super cool agaist upkeep-Falcon
TIEs to handle their starfighters. While Overload takes out X-Wing lasers and Unsalvegeable
cancels Power Pivot. 

Some card explanations

Control & Set For Stun is for protecting FWKTIL from Alter, Set For Stun can give a nasty
surpise. Add one more of these if Alter is popular in your meta.

Vader(V) The best pilot, read the text and confirm this

The Empires Back(V) Not the best (V)-card but I wanted to give it a try. This deck
has only one Vader and Tarkin so you can get one of them or deal 1-2 damage.

Malastare+Wattos Box You have five cards to pull out Malastare(Malastare,Piett, Merrejk,
Imp.Command and Praji) and four cards to get Box(Box, 2xWMAOP and Twilek) so the combo
can be pulled out relatively easily.

Commander Praji(V) Pulls Merrejk, Godherdt and Chiraneau. Can be pulled with Piett.

Sidious and Emperor These guys go for the DSDocking Bay. They dont die unless "hit", and
no battle damage in your little moon...

Blizzard 4 For 5 force you get 8-power walker and cool guy like Vader, why not?

Darth Maul Okay W/Saber is great for strikes, but this man has its own show. He hurts WYS
and most space decks.

Where is Put All Sections On Alert? -Well almost in my deck, but it usually goes like this
They deploy and attack so they get 1St action and fire, no point canceling their weapons
after that. And many ground decks use real sabers to kill my DarkJedi Masters... And only
weapons can kill them at DSdocking bay...

How to handle different decks?

LS-Combat V-shield helps a bit. Dont go to naboo, because your destiny average is no
match for theirs. Use Battle Order and drains + FWKTIL for your advantage. With this 
amount of damage and retrieval, victory should be yours

QMC Take space and win; Your interrupts, Destroyers and shooting TIEs will do the job for
you.

WYSTheir nasty flip takes away 3 force from your activation, so not to worry(plenty still
left). Leave Cantina alone, but Maul can go there if you have Ghhhk or Wookie kiss in hand
(incase Luke or Melas drop by...). Spies can attempt to block their cantina-drains.
Battle for space domination will be tough, but you have the upperhand. Win space, win game.
Lose space, lose game. Simpple as that.

Profit Put Arica to chamber. Drain race with this match. Use Battle Order, FWKTIL and retrieval.
Set up fast, they usually have weak or no spacefleet at all.

Main & Toys Their drain potential sucks, so they will come to you So spread out slowly but
surely.

Others Havent playd against em yet, but youll have your chances against anything

Maybe it looks weird, but try it and youll see...;)

Excuse me for possible poor grammar i did this in hurry and live in Finland(that can explain everything..;)). Thanks for revievs and conscructive criticism appreciated '